JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 26.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 17th, 1750,

In the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

To April the 6th, 1754,

In the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL 26.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1756.
---
Jovis, 170 die Januarii;

Anno 3L4* Georgii IIdi Regis, 175&

ileflage A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by the Honour-toa"en(i /-\ able Sir Henry BeLcnden, Gentleman-Usher of tbcKing. I X the Black-Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty* immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mcmbcn Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the take Oathii (jathSj and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Outlawry A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Bill. Outlawries, was read the First time.

Rejokedy That the Bill be read a Second time*

JjDg*i Mr. Speakef reported, That the House had attended his

Speed Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was reported. p[case(j to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker laid, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

' My Lords and Gentlemen*

I have postponed your Meeting to this Time, that I might consult your private Convenience, as far as was confident with the Occasions of the Publick. The Continue ance of the present Tranquillity has afforded me an Opportunity for the former, and rendered the latter less press-

Iwg. Since the last Session, my Care and Attention have been constantly employed in improving this Situation: And I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that I have concluded a Treaty with my good Brother the King of t Spain; whereby such particular Differences, as, from the

I Nature of them, could not be settled in a general Treaty,

" have been amicably adjusted, without the Intervention of

[j any other Party; and the Commerce of my Subjects with

", that Country re-established upon the most advantageous

and sure Foundations.

In the Progress of this Work, I have received such Affurances of the sincere Disposition of the Catholick King,

*. to cement and maintain the most perfect Union with me, - as leave no room to doubt of its good Effects being felt

in all Parts; and there is the greatest Reason to hope, that the ancient Friend ship, and good Correspondence, between the Two Nations, which had been long unfortunately in-d terrupted, will, from mutual Interest and Inclination, be

-< now effectually restored.

1 have also, in Conjunction with the Empress-Queen, v* - / and the Scates-General, concluded a Treaty with the Elector of Bavaria; and am taking such further Measures*

Vol.. 26.

as may belt tend to ftr&i'gthen andfecure the Tranquillity of the Empire, support its System, and timely prevent such Events, as have been found, by Experience, to in-danget the common Cause, involve Europe in the Calamities of War,ahd Occasion the Loss of much Blood and Treasure to toy own Kingdoms.

Both these Treaties shall be laid before you; and, as I have told you the Vrews with which I have entered into them, I mud do Justice to all the other contracting Powers, in the definitive Treaty of Aix la Chapelle, by acquainting you, dhat I have received from them the most full and clear Declarations of their Refolurion to prefcrvc the general Peace. 1

That nothing might be wanting for these salutary Purposes, I have taken Care to strengchen and consolidate the Tics of Union and Friendship between me and my Allies; the better to secure our mutual Interests, maintain the Peace already subsisting, and to prevent the Occa^ori of any future Rupture: And that there might remain no.

Doubt of the Uprightness and Sincerity of my Intentions*

I have made the proper Communications of the Measures I have taken, and the Principles on which they have been founded.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered Estimates to be laid before you, for the current Service of the Year. I desire only such Supplies, as shall be necessary for your own Security, and making good such Engagements as have been contracted, and arc now communicated to you. , The successful and happy Progress which has been made in the Reduction of the Interest of the national Debt* does great Honour to this. Parliament, and adds much to our Reputation in foreign Countries. So little of this greatWork remains unfinished*. that I make no Doubt of your completing it this Session* in the most just and equitable mariner.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have nothing further to recommend to you in particular. Let me exhort you, in general, to make the best use of the present State of Tranquillity, for improving the Trade and Commerce of my Kingdoms; for enforcing the Execution of the Laws; and for suppressing those Outrages and Violences, which are inconsistent with all good Order and Government; and endanger the Lives and Properties of my Subjects; whose Happiness, and flourishing Condition, I have entirely at Heart*

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* Addreii posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Ma* t}]c jesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most: gracious Speech from the Throne; and to congratulate his Majesty upon his safe and happy Return to these Kingdoms; to express our warmed Acknowlege-fnents of Gratitude for his Majesty's unwearied Eftdca* yours to establish the present happy Tranquillity upon the surest Foundations; to congratulate his Majesty on the Conclusion of a Treaty with the King of Spain-, by which the particular Differences, that remained unsettled between his Majesty and that Crown, are amicably ad-B % justed

4 —

justed; and to express our great Satisfaction, at the Reason there is to hope, from the Assurances his Majesty has received, of the sincere Disposition of^che Cathofiek KSfig to cemeoi^rtd maintain jjhe most pferfift Union his Majesty^hajt the ageiertt Friend fl/fp will be rest<^fd, and an uninterrupted goodCorrespondence subsist between the Two Nations, to their murual Advantage and Happiness; to acknowledge his Majesty’s gre^t Wisdom and Eoreflghe^ in taking the bed Measures timely to prevent such Events

170 Januarii.

A. 1750.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, co return his Majesty the Thanks of this Uoufe, for iBoft gracious IJpeech from the Throne; and to con^raitAte his Majesty upon his sese and happy Return to these|tingdomSj toyxprefs 00* warded Acknowlege-ments of Gratitude, for his Majesty's unwearied Endeavours to establish the present happy Tranquillity upon the surest F^tkindations; to congratulate his Majesty on the Conclusion of a Treaty with the King of Spain, by which as might hereafter irurotiie Eulfbpe iff" the^Jalaiirities of War;" cte particular Differences fh& remained unfttried between and^to exj>refs ouj west-groundeid Htjpfes, from' the full, hjj Majesty and that Crown are amicably adjusted; and artdScltar Dedarations of a if the Confradting Powers in' To express our great Satisfaction at the Reason there is to

hope, from the Assurances his Majesty has received of the sincere DispoGtion of the Catholick King, to cement and mafricairi the most perfect Union with his Majesty, that thfc anderit Friendship will be restored, and an uninterrupted good Correspondence subsist between the Two - Nations, to their mutual Advantage and Happiness; Ter acknowlege his Majesty’* great Wisdom- and Forefight, in taking the belt Meafufes. timely to prevent such Events as might hereafter involve Europe in the Calamities of War; and to express our well-grounded*Hopes, from the full and clear Declarations of all the contradling Powers h* the definitive Treaty of Aix la Chapilk, as Well as from his Majesty’s Care and Attention to strengthen the Tics of Union and Friendship between his Majesty and his Allies, that we may long enjoy the Blessings of a general Peace; toaflbre his Majesty, that we will chearfully nrife such Supplies as Shall be found necessary for the Secjirity; of his Majesty’s Government, and to make good the Engagements entered into by his Majesty for the publick Good, and which have been communicalied to this House; to express the great Satisfaction with which- we receive his Majesty’s gracious Approbation of the Progress alreadj) made towards reducing the Interest of the national Debt alluring his Majesty, that we will use our immediate En^ deavours to finish that greatWork with Justice and Equity; to declare our Sense of the Happiness we enjoy under his Majesty’s Government; and toaflbre his Majesty, that? we will give all possible Attention to whatever may promote the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms; and endeavour |o render the Laws tnofc effectual, by enforcing their Execution; thereby to.discourage and suppress the outrageous Enormities committed in Defiance of them.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed co draw up an Addrefe, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hor. Walpole junior, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Praby, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Mordamt\ Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Hording, Mr. Colleton, Lord Barrington, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Cary, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Camp* bell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Tracey, Mr. James Pel bam. Colonel Maden, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Stone, Mr. Gajhry, General Oglethorpe, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Alderman JanJen, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Darner, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Edgcumbe, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Mofiyn, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Poole, Mr-Plumptre, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Med-licot, Mr. Wation, Sir Nicholas Bailey, Mr. Lafcelles\ or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred tQ the said Committee.

in

the definitive Treaty of /lix la Chapelle, as well as from his Majesty’s Care and Attention to strengthen the Ties of Union and Friendship between his Majesty and his Alljes,. that we may long enjoy the Blessings of a generaJ ^cace f to allure his Majesty, that we will chearfully raise such Supplies as shall be found necessary^FThTSecurity of his Majesty’s Government; and to gtjgd xhe Engager rtienti entered intd by his Majestydie publick Goo^ and \Vh5ch have been. communicated,'#) jftiis House to express the great 5>atjsfa<5jtior^ with whjeh.we receive his Majesty’s gracious, Approbariorii of the- Erogress already made towards reducing the Interest of the.national Debt; alluring his Majesty that we will use our immediate Endeavours, to mnln that great Work, with Justicq dnd Equity; t6 ‘tTrcJa^ pur Sense of the Happiness we enjoy under his Maje^yrs Government; and to allure his Majesty, that we will oiye ail pofSkle Attention to whatever may promote the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdom?, and endeavour to render the Laws more effec-, tual, by enforeing their Execution; thereby to discourpge and Tuppfefs the outrageous Enormities committed in Drfiante of them.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made tb life Qpeftion, viz.

T6 leave out the Words €* to congratulate his Majesty

dn the Conclusion of a Treacy with the King of Spaini by which the particular Differences that remained unset-f n tied between his Majesty and that Crpwn are amicably

adjustedto leave out the Wordsi£ to acknowlege his Majesty’s great Wisdom and Torefighc in taking the bell Meafuris timely to prevent such Events as might €t hereafter ^involiye Europe in the'CaUmities of War; and" tb leav^ out the Words a well grounded"; and to leave out the WbFds ctand to make good the Engagements entered u into by his Majesty, for the publick Good, and which have been communicated to this House."

And the Question being put, That the Words " to congratulare his Majesty on the Conclusion of a Treaty

with tHe‘King of Spain, by which the particular Dif-u ferendes that rerriained unfrttled between his Majesty H and that Crown are amicably adjusted," Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Teas went forth:

Tclkn for the Noes,

So it Was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being pur. That the Words "to acknowlege his Majesty’s great Wisdom and Forclight in taking the belt Measures timely to prevent such " Events ap might hereafter involve Europe in the Calafnitics of War, and" stand Part of the Question;

‘' It waS resolved in the Affirmative.

Awd the Question being put, That the Words " well grounded" ftind Part of die Question

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

‘ And the Question being put. That the Words " and to " make good the Engagements entered into by his Majesty, for the publick Good, and which have been commuhicated to this House" stand Part of the Question i

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question bsing put;

[203.

74-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough or East Grmjlead, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Sidney StaffordSinythe Knight, now one of the Barons of his MajeUy’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

Bast

Grinfttaft

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tht RocheSai Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the 11 Electing

24 Geo. II.

170 — 18° Januarii.

Dorchester

Writ.

Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the County of Rent, in the room of Sir Chaloner Ogle Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eletting of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Nathaniel Gundry Esquire, now one of the Justices of his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster.

Weymouth Ordered* That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Richard Plumer Esquire, deceased.

Dorchester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Wnl- Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, in the room of John Browne Esquire, deceased.

Warcham Ordered. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to thd

Wriu Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warch am, in the County of Dorset, in the room of John Pitt Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Bo.ough, hath accepted the Office of Steward and Bailiffof the Three Chiiterne Hundreds of Stoke, DeJ-borough and Bonenham, in the County of Bucks.

Heytesbory Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hisWarrant to the

nti Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the select-

ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Heyte.bury, in the County Wilts, in the room of William Ashe Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

QRdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Doneraile, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit Committew. every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Old Sarum Wm.

Grand

&c.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee' Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec-ofPrivileges, tions be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Dupplin, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. West, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Finch, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hill, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Edward Wtlles, Mr. Compton, Sir Peter WarrenMr. Boone, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Archer, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Fellowesy Sir Edward Dering, Admiral Rowley, Mr. Barlow, Lord Charles Douglas Mr. Sandys, Mr. Comp-' VOL. 26.

troller, Mr. Henry Pinch, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pro Hor, Mr. Chetwynd, Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Mel-lift), Mr. Pinney, Mr. Salujlury, Mr. Phillipjony Colonel Leighton, Sir John Rujhouty Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Chafltony Mr. Charles Townftend, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Leigh, Mr. Proby, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cocks, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Egmont, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Limerick, Mr. Frederick, General Onslow, Mr. Nor they. Sir Edward Hawke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Farrington, ColoneW/tffrw*, Mr. Kent, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Poore, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Polbill, Mr. Trevor, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Charles Gore, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Neale, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Wm. Pitt, Mr. Talbot, Mr#

JSullen, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cary, Mr. Cto-ningham. Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Jefferys, Mr. Robert Henley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wilktnjon, Colonel Town ft end, Mr. Barne, Mr. Barbor, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Wm. Tonge, Lord Barrington, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Locke, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Coke, Mr. John Wtlles, Mr. Dodington, Mr. ViUiers, Mr. Thomas Townftend, Mr. Ha^SUowne, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Burrard, Admiral Mathews,lmA Downe, Mr. Wajon, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Montague, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Tuckfidd, Mr. Banks, Dr. Lee, Mr. Townjend, Mr. Earle, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Offley, Lord Robert Manners, Lord Peter ft am, Mr. Glarrville, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Newnham, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Harris, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Saville, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Winnington, Sir Frattcis Daftwood, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lambe, Colonel Waldegrave, Mr. Bond, Sir Dan. Oftom, Sir John St. Aubin, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. OJumld, Col. Haldane, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Henry Vane, Mr. Lajcelks; Mr. Legge: And they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit cyery Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the AfternoonAnd dll that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Corisideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returps in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and* Records, for- their Information: And all Members who1 are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to.give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Sadsfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed, with the utmost Severity, against such Person.

Resolved,\That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof,

C or

Usual

Orders.

6 18° Januarii. A. 1750.

ufoaI or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or

Orders. hirtder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence,

the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any Cafe, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall fee, or be informed of to be in the House or Gallery, while the House or any Committeeof the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and chat he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmtn, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High-Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters, directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Office to this House, or feme other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster-General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon; and for Two Hours, at the lead, immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from Five of

the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their knpwn Servant or Servants, or Others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Fofl-master-General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, direfred to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees: And that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he do appoint the printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the Seventh Day of March next.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving in the said Lifts the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Mr. Horatio Walpole, of Callington, reported from the Addrefsoa Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address the King’* to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had Speech, drawn up an Address accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our sincere and hearty Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg leave to congratulate your Majesty on your safe and happy Return to these Kingdoms; and to express the warmest Acknowlegements of our Gratitude for your Majesty’s unwearied Endeavours to establish the prefect Tranquillity upon the surest Foundations.

We congratulate your Majesty on the Conclufton of a Treaty with the King of Spain, by which the particular Differences, that remained to be settled between your Majesty and that Crown, are amicably adjusted; and we feel the most real Satisfaction at the Reason there is to hope, from the Assurances which your Majesty has received of the sincere Disposition of the Catholic King, to cement and maintain the most perfe£t Union with your Majesty, that the ancient Friendship will be restored, and an uninterrupted good Correspondencefubfift between the

14 Geo. II*

Two Nations, to theii1 mutual Advantage and Happi-hess.

We refipeftfully acknowlege your Majesty's great Wisdom and Forefight, in taking the best Measures timely to prevent such Eyehts, as might hereafter involve Europe in the Calamities of War: And we have the belt grounded Hopes, from the full and clear Declaration of all the contracting Powers in the Definitive Treaty of Aix la Cha-selle, as well as from your Majesty’s Care and Attention to strengthen the Ties of Union and Friendship between your Majesty and your Allies, that we shall long enjoy the Bleffmgs of a general Peace.

We allure your Majesty, that we will chearfully raise such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Security of your Majesty's Government, and to make good the Engagemenrsentered into by your Majesty for the publick Benefir, and, according to youf gracious Intention* communicated to this House.

ltis with thegreateftSatisfaction that wfe receive youf Majesty's gracious Approbation of the Progress already made towards reducing the Interest of the national Debt; and w6 aflbreydur Majesty, that we will life our immediate Endeavours to finish that great Work with Justice and Equity.

Your faithful Commons beg Leave to express their Sense of the Happiness they enjoy Under your Majesty’s Government; and to allure your Majesty, that they are determined to give all possible Attention to whatever may promote the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms; and that they will endeavour to render the Laws more effectual, by enforcing their Execution, thereby todifeou-rage and suppress the Outrages and Enormities committed in Defiance of them.

The said Address being read a Second time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made Thereto; viz.

To leave out " remained to/* and insert <c from the " Nature of then! could not,'* instead thereof: To leave out " between your Majesty and that Crown," and insert " in a general Treaty," instead thereof: And after u are," and before " amicably" to inlert " now."

And the Question being put. That the Words " remained to" stand Part of the said Address;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words cc from <c the Nature of them could not" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative;

And the Question being put. That the Words cc be-u tween your Majesty and that Crown" stand Part of the said Address;

It passed in the Negative,

And the Question being put, That the Words " in a <c general Treaty" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word <c now" be inserted after the Word %t are," and before the Word <c amicably";

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address thus amended: And the same is as followeth; viz. y

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We,your Majesty's rhoft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our sincere and hearty Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty on your safe and happy Return to these Kingdoms; and to express the warmest Acknowlegements of our Gratitude for your Majesty’s unwearied Endeavours to establish the present Tranquillity upon the surest Foundations.

Wc congratulate your Majesty on the Conclusion of a Treaty with the King of Spain, by which the particular Differences, that, from the Nature of them, could not be settled in a general Treaty, are now amicably adjusted; and we feel the most real Satisfaction at-the Reason there

Vol. 26.

1

is to hope, from the Affuranbes which your Majesty has received of the sincere Disposition of the Catholick King v to cement arid maintain the most perfect Union with your Majesty, that the ancient Friendftiip will be reftorfed; and an uninterrupted good Correspondence subsist between the Two Nations, to their mutual Advantage and Happiness.

Wc respectfully acknowlege your Majesty's great Wisdom and Forefight in taking the best Measures, timely to prevent such Events as might hereafter involve Europe in the Calamities of War; and we have the best grounded Hopes, from the full and clear Declaration of all the con-trading Powers in the Definitive Treaty of Aix la Cha-pelle, as well as from your Majesty's Care and Attention to strengthen the Ties of Union and Friendffiip between your Majesty and your Allies, that we shall long enjoy the Blessings of a general Peace.

We assure your Majesty, that wd will chearfully raise such Supplies as shall be found necessary, for the Security of your Majesty's Government, and to make good the Engagements entered into by your Majesty for the publick Benefit, and, according to your gracious Intention^ communicated to this House.

It is with the greatest Satisfaction that we receive your Majesty's gracious Approbation of the Progress already made towards reducing the Interest of the national Debt; and we assure your Majesty, that we will use our immediate Endeavours to finish that great Work with Justice and Equity.

Your faithful Commons beg Leave to exprest their Sense of the Happiness they enjoy under your Majesty’s Government; and to assure your Majesty that they are determined to give all possible Attention to whatever may promote the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms j and that they will endeavour to render the Laws more effectual, by enforcing their Execution, thereby to discourage and suppress the Outrages and Enormities committed in Defiance of them.

Resolved, That the said Address be prefen ted to his Majesty by^the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address to press be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Ma- the King on jesty on the Increafd of the Royal Family, by the Princess ^hpf-^of of Wales having been happily delivered of another Prince; and to express our greac Joy and Comfort in this great Blessing, which will be a further Addition of Strength to the Protestanit Interest, and of Security to the Laws and Liberties of this Nation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a congratulatory Message to‘ Message be Tent to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and the Prince Princess of Wales upon this joyful Occasion. a"d Princess

Ordered, That the Lord Hi (/borough, Mr. Legge, Mr. ^allSOr Vane, Sir Lodoviek Granii Sir Nicholas Bayley, S:r Wil- 0

Ham Beauchamp Prest or. Colonel Lee, Mr. Myddelton,

Mr. fVilles, and Mr. Beckfordi do attend their Royal Highnesses with the said Message.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Allen, Archdeacon Dr. Allen to of Middlesex, be defined to preach before this House, at preach on St. Margaret's Westminster, upon Wednesday the Thirtieth of

Day of this instant January; and that Mr. George Gren- Ja a tf/7/eand Mr. Fane do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to The King’s both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Speech to be Tomorrow Morning. considered.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i 8° j/anuuriL

8

19° — n* Januarii. 1750.

Sabbati, 190;

Anno 24° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750.

Praters.

The King’s Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Answer to 1VJL Address of Y efterday (congratulating his Majesty Address on on the increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of a'prkce1 of Wales having been happily delivered of another Prince;

and expressing their great Joy and Comfort in this great Blessing, which will be a further Addition of Strength to the Protestant Interest, and of Security to the Laws and Liberties of this Nation) had been prefenced to his Majesty; and that his Majesty received the same very graciously; and returns his Thanks to the House for their kind Expressions of Duty and Affection to him upon this Occasion.

Time ap- Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That his pointed for Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Or-Addrefson der of Yesterday) humbly to know his Majesty’s Plea-thcSpeech, fiire when he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

brought in for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and encreasing the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Cust, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Egmonty Mr. Gray, Mr. Barber, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Walpole* Mr. Willes, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Proby> Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Potter, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lyflery General Handejyde, Mr. Uoyd> Mr. Pitt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Hilly Mr. Allgoody Lord Dupplin, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Rownejy Mr. Afflecky Mr. Robinson, Lord Downey Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore, General Onslow, Mr. Oswald, Lord Hiljborough, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wation, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sandys; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Rutland, Nottingham, and Xork: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The King’s Speech considered.

Supply.

Stamford &c. 9 Roads

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mart is) 2 2° die januarii;

Anno 140 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750. Praters.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln; and also of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, and Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, living near the said Road, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; feceing forth. That by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln), several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable for the'Repair of the said Road* and several Powers were given, which were respectively to take Place, and have Continuance, only from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years; and that by virtue, and under the Authority, and on the Credit, of the said Act, the Petitioners, the Trustees, have borrowed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, which, together with the Income of the said Tolls and Duties, have been duly applied towards the repairing of the said Road; and the same principal Sum of Two thousand Pounds doth now remain wholly due and unsatisfied: and that the said Toils and Duties, and the Money so borrowed, have not been sufficient to complete the Repair of the said Road, which is Twenty Miles in Length; and that the Petitioners are satisfied and convinced, chat it will be impossible to complete the Repair of the said Road, and keep the same in Repair, and pay off the Sum borrowed, as aforesaid, unless the Term and Powers given by the said Act be enlarged, and the Tolls and Duties thereby granted be augmented: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be 2

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House attended his The King’s Majesty upon Saturday last with their Address; to which Answer to his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer. Addre*®* Gentlemen,

I thank you most heartily for this affectionate Address; you may depend upon my constanc Endeavours to preserve the general Tranquillity in Europe, and to promote the particular Interests and Happiness of my People.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech tobotli Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker rcftimed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Hiljborough reported to the House, That Prince and their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales ^,ncef5 had been attended with the congratulatory Message of this Xnfwtr to House, on the increase of the Royal Family, by the Message on Princess of Wales having been happily delivered of an- Birth of a other Prince; and that his Royal Highness the Prince was Pnncc* pleased to return this Answer.

Gentlemen,

I am much obliged to the House of Commons for this Mark of their Regard.

And that her Royal Highness the Princess was pleased to return this Answer.

Gentlemen,

I am much obliged to the House of Commons for this Mark of their Duty to the King, and of their Regard to the Prince and me.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and the proceedings Clerk of the Parliaments: respecting a

Mr. Speaker, Libel.

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this Hpufe in the Pain red-Chamber, touching a Matter highly concerning the Honour of his Majesty and his Government.

And then the Mtflengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And

24 Geo. II.

220 — 2 30 JanuariL

And the Mc(lingers were called irt again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them.Thatthe House had considered their M efface; and did agree to meet the Lord* at a present Conf rence, as their Lordships do desire.

And then the Mrifengers again withdrew;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference.

And a Commutee was appointed of the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Egmont, Mr. Comp'ro ler, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Phmptre, Lord Duppiin, Mr. G>envi'le, Mr. Legge, Mr. Hampden. Mr Nugent, Mr. Northey, Dr. Lee. Mr. Robinson, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Arorney General, Sir "John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Pot ter, Mr. Wapole, Sir brands Dashwood, Mr. Bat burJl, Mr. Talbot Mr. Hume Campbellr Sir John Rufbout, Mr Fazakerley.

And the Names of the Managers were called oyer; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned j

The Matter of the Rolls reported the Conference; and that it was to acquaint this House, That the Lords having taken into Cor.sideration a certain printed Paper, intituled, ct Constitutional Queries, eamellly rccorn-€t mended to the serious C<insideration of every true u Briton\n had come to the following Resolutions; viz.

Refo/ved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the said printed Paper, in-ti ulrd,4< Contticutional Queries, earnestly recommended " to the serious Consideration of every true t riton " is a false, malicious scandalous, infamous, and fedirious Libel; containing the most false, audacious, and abominable Calumnies and Indignities upon his Majesty, and the most presumptuous and wicked Insinuations, that our Laws, Liberties, and Propcrries, and the excellent Constitution of this Kingdom, are in Danger under his Majesty's legal, mild, and gracious Government; with Intent to instil groundless Suspicions and J ealoulies into_lhe Minds of his Majesty’s good Subjects, and to alienate their Afftftions from his Majesty and his. Royal Family.

Refo.'ved, by the Lords Spiritual.and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That, in Abhorrence and De-testation of such abominable- and fedirious Practices. the said printed Paper be burnt by the Hands of the Common Hangman, in the New Palace Yard, Westminster, on Friday the 25th Day of this instant January, at One, of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that the Sheriff of Middlesex do attend at the said Time and Place, and cause the same to be burnt there accordingly.

To. which Resolutions their Lordships desire the Cpn-currence of this House; and that the Conference also iyas to communicate to this House the said primed Paper.

And the said Report being read;

And the said printed Paper being also read;

And the First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Refol.ution.

And the Blank was filled up with the Words, ccjand <c Commons."

The Second of the said, Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contr&dicerite,.That this House doth agree.with the Lords in the said. Re(blut;on.

And the Blank was filled up vyfth jthe Words*rc*, and " Commons."

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That,an hqmble.Ad* dress be presented to his Majesty, to ,desire his will be graciously pleased to give immediate Orders, Athat the most effcAual Means be taken for discovering the Author, Printers, and Publishers, of a false, malicious, wicked, and fedirious Libel, intUqled, ^1 Constitutional " Queries, earnestly recommended to ch$ feripus Cpnfi-M deration of every true Briton*" and for bringing the said Author, Printers, and PuMilhers* to Pu-

nishment. u.

Voii. 26.

()rdere{, That the said Add-efi He presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

RtJolvedy That a Conference be desired with the Lords,

Upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Hartington do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference. *

The Marquis of Hartington reported, That' he having (according to Ordtr) been at the Lords, to defife a Co nference up n the Subject Matter of the last Confetence; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same prefrntk in the Painted-Chamber.

Crder^ That the Committee, who managed the Jaft Conferencet do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the printed Paper, communicated by the 1 ords to this House, be delivered to the Lords at the Conference, together with the Resolutions, to whi^h the 1 ords desired the Concurrence of this House; and that their Lordships be acquainted, That this House hath agreed to the said Resolutions.

1 hen tfic Names of the Managers were called over j and they, went tq the Conference.

And being returned;

The Matter of the Rolls reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords; and left with their Lordships the printed Paper, communicated by the Lords to rhis House 5 and had acquai ted ihcir Lordships, that this House had agreed to the Resolutions, to which their Lordships had desired the Concurrence of this House^ and had left the Resolutions with the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 230 die Januaru

Anno 24° Georgii lldl Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

THE House bring informed, thatfomeof the Com- Accounts of rriiftioners of the Customs attended at the Doof 2 Eastln^u They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to £T^b,lcd. the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament: j^valScoret

N° 1. An Account of prohibited Raft India Goods re- imported maining in the Raft Indict Warehouses, St. Helens, in ihe Russia. Port of London, at Michaelmas 1749 ! also What brought in since, what exported, and what remained at the above Warehouses at Michaelmas 1750: And also,

N° 2. An Account of Raft indis prohibited Goods, remaining in the Raft India WarehOufes at Leadahall and Fenchurch street, at Michaelmas 1749; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1750: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods,remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1749; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1750: And also, '

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be w6m in this Kingdom, remaining in the respective Warehouses, in the Out-Ports, atMicbae/mas 1749; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what njmainecJ at Michaelmas 1750: And also,

; N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at. St Helens, Fenchurch-Jireet, LeadenhatUflr eet, and Custom- House, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1749, in order to be. dyed, glazed, what has been returned,'and WHac remained out of the said Warihouses at Micbd&mas

1750: And also,;

N° 6. Ah Account of Naval Stores imported from phljfia, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1^49 td Michaelmas 1750: Arid also, - ’

N° 7. An Accourit Of Naval Stores imported from \ Rftffif, into the Ports commonly called the Out^Ports, from 17f 9 to Michaelmas 17 Jo.

" ‘ ‘ " D ‘ ’ J 'And

JO

2 30 — 24° Januarii.

A.

'75°-

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Proceeding Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their upon a Libel. Addreis of Yesterday (to desire his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give immediate Orders that the most effectual Means be 'taken for discovering the Author, Printers, and Publishers, of a false, malicious, wicked, and seditious Libel, intituled, " Constitutional Queries, " earnestly recommended to the serious Consideration of c< every true Briton\9 and for bringing the said Author, Printers, and Publishers, to condign Punishment) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give 1 Directions accordingly.

Supply. 4 " Mr. Fane (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to

0 consider of the Motion made upon Saturday Lift, that a Supply he granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which

1 the Commictre had directed him to report to the House;

" tfhich‘he rend in his Place, and afterwards delivered in

at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and1 is as followeth; viz:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty. ' *

The said Resolution being read a.Second time; Resolved, Nemine1 contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that a

- Supply be granted-to his Majesty.----- — ----- - - "

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Friday Morn- -ing ne*t, resolve itfcff into a ComnMctec of the whole House, to consider of ;the Supply granted to his Majesty. ’ ' '

tJAial "r Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of The

Estimates. Navy for the Year 1751, with the Half Pay Officers of *>the Navy, be laid before this House.! .

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1751, be

laid before this Houie.

tions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members cf this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty \s Navy Debt. Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid befoie this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Estimate of Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House 1 ps#

> an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuilding?, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1751.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this prefenc Parliament for the University of Oxford, in the room of the Right Honourable Henry Hyde Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Cornbury, now Baron Hyde, of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, called up to the House of Peers;

K ranter's Nat.

rv

Ordered, That an Estimate*of the Charge for Guardy Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 17 5P, ber r laid before this House. ’ ! ’

Ordered, That a Lift of the Regimental and Warrant Officers:of fiis Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-Pay for the Year 1751, be laid before this House.:

A Petition of Christopher Jacob Krauter was presented to the House, and read; praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Hay, and Mr. John Bojcawen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 24° die Januarii;

Anno 240 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their AnfWerta Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Estimates, ,ma*C5» Lift, and Accounts, therein respectively mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him "to'acquaint this Houf£, that he will give Directions accordingly.;

Mr.Troby reported from the Committee, to whom the Stamford, Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in *c-Execution an Act for repairing the Road between Siam-

was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and* he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it

Ordered, That an. Estimate be laidbefore this House,

' of the Charge of Out^Pensioners of Chdjea Hospital, for Jord and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and also of

v the year i^f. ;! 1 *J *' ' several Gentlemen, Clergymen, and Freeholders, and

r t o' . ‘ 4 1 other principal Inhabitants, living near the said Road,

" fdered' T^ha f Account of the Serv ices incurred, f

- "d.npt provided foe by Parl14.men.ts be laid befprc.chts . Th,t r,mmirr, th, M

> Hpyfe. .....* ' -u/; /

Ordered, That an AccountEe'‘laid before this House,

(hawing hovv the Monies giv^eti for the- Service of the

‘J Year 1750 have been difpdftd of; distinguished under in at the Clerk's Tables Where the same was read, and

’ their several HedQs.:; . '/ r / is as followeth; viz-,

A tl -1 r u ‘ r To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act

-to To Orderetk ihatan Account be laid before this House, r- c \ r . n,

J. . J , r xv J n if of the T welfth bf his present Majesty was read; whereby

L Shewing the Mooin.^d Wjhuv the respect^ Ua [; ftvm, Tolls and-Duties were granted for repairing the v :.¥«» eodmgwd Muhaelms\^y^\ Road. and several to take plac? rhe

...°tf0Lt,fXCe^rSl, S 0ft)ieF^|g«pnly..;M|. of and have ContinuStnce for

ca t g ggrega^ ^nd, as o or or ‘ ’ Twenty-one Years: And then the Committee examined

°^r^C i?uncj.y C(H^n^nly caIkd the Sou*;Sea f Mr/7^ ^; who said j ThacTwo thousand Pounds

aS a#° \ or XQt \ b€*n borrowed, and now remains due upon the

‘Credit* of the said’Tolls:

<. .1* ReJotvek\ That an humble Adldr6fs Be {brefentettto his ‘ Thtit be had examined the Accounts of the Trustees; Majesty, ihaC h'e'will be' g ra ci cKj fl yp le a fed to'gTvb 'Drrec- by which it appears, that the said 2,00c/. and the Money 6 aiifing

Navy

Estimate.

24 G£o, II.

24° Janu

a

’arising by the said Tolls, had beers applied according to the Directions of the At\. Then

Mr. Natbanie' Wolmer, being examined, laid, That he Was Surveyor of t^c said Roa 1, which is Twenty Miles in Lengthy and in very bad t ondirioji; and chat it is not possible effectually 10 repair ir, without anTncrease of the Tolls. ! j

Ordered\ Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by an A cl passed in the T wc*U h Yeai f nis ptrfent Majesty, for repairing the R ad between uumford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln-, and for ir'a.,»hg the fahte more effectual; and that Mr. Proby, Sir John Cuff, the Marquis of Granby, the Lord Burleigh, anil Mi. Butbor, do prepare, and bring in, thefamc. 1

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office 01 Lord High Admiral of Great Rritain,

presented to the HcVjfe. pursuant to their Address ,to* his Majesty, the ordinary Ltti.nate of h s iVlajeity’s Navy for the Year »7 > I

He also presented to the House, purfinnrtcrtheirOrder, NaVy Dcsbti an Estimate of the Dc bt of his Majesty’s t\avy, as it flood on 31 'December, *750. - -

He all > p.e ented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- Building, See. dress to his Majesty, ah Eflimatc of the Charge of what Ships; may be riecefiary for the Buildings ELehuildings, arid Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extra Work* at his Majesty’s several Yards, for the Year 1751, over-and-above wh it are prop >ied to, be done on the Head of Wear arid Tear, and Ordinary.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were fed 1.

The laid ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy is pre fcrVed amorigft the dthe^ Papers of this Session* and the Abstract thereof, and also the said Two other Estimates, are as foliowctiij viz. ’! f

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the NaVy, fof the Year 1751;

No. 1. To the Right Honourable1'the Lords Commissioners* for executing the Office of Lord High; Admiral of Great Britain £s?r. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Office.s, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

a. Superannuated Sea Officers

3-

4-

5-

б.

7-

V i.

9*

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14-

Yards.

, S«

Pensions and Allowances - - . -

"i(:batha'to\ ‘ -

Dep'ford, - - ~

Woolwichy - . r; «"

Portsmouth, ~ - ‘M -; -

Sheerness, - - f - -

Plymouth), > ’L

Muster-Master,iind othet| Officers of the Out-Ports - ~ r Wages-to Ships and Vessels in ordinary - A v;' -

Victuals'to the Officers ard Men serving the rein'

Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging Ordinary Repairs o» his Majesty*s Ships in Harbour, arid of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, - j - - ,‘:-i 3

Half-pay to Sea Officers] . -

s.


34,353 14

20,371 18 io>

A7>733

2$ $4 5

42,167- 12 iS*93 6

29,623 o

- - f - -

64,705 o

60,poo o

II

4

8

o

Total of the Wdinary EftiriTate of the'? Navy fot thd Year 1751 - - - ’ -

|ro which may be added;

For defraying the Expence of maintaining in the Royal HospitaV at Greenwich dn additional> Number of disabled Seamen, takth, and to be taken, into it, who are worn our, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country; there being now Eleven hundred Men maintained in the said Hospital; andr also fdr a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying’on the Buildings, and other Incidents, of the said Hospital, for the Year 1, Ten thousand Pounds. - -

\ i " 190,302 A- CX. 7 10

f I

1 10,000 O O

1300,302 7 10

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1751, amounts to Three hundred th^ufand Three hundred and Two Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence.

Ex* per D. S.

Savage Mojlyn, Dan. Deverty R. OJborrty

Jof. Alibi, mu. Corbett y Edward Falkinghqm.

Vol. 26.

Navy-office,

Gooool o

12 24° Januarii. A. 1750.

Navy Office, > AN Estimatt of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood

2J Jbnhary, 1750.3 on the 31st December, 17 jo.

Head) of the Naval Estimate*.

Particulars,

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

I>ue, to pay off and discharge all the Bills rrgittered 6n the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, (Ac. supplied for the Service thereof

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, t£c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31 December, 1750* as also to several Bills of Exchange , -

To his Majesty’s Yatds, and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary

For Half-Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishmenc made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf '

Seamens Wag6s.

Due, to pay the Men, 6fr. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To5hips ih Sea-Pay on the abovesaid 31 December, 17J0 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons, faeceffaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men faain at Sea, £s?r. - -

/. /. d. 1 L s. d.

256,7*7 9-

*3>5S5 S 6

67,305 16 2 )> 6995416 4 0

281,066 o o

70,691 9 yj

457*334 *8 6" 418,308 o o

Victualling Debt, is-per Estimate received from "thole Commissionersj viz.

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have, been paid off - For paying off all the Bills ericered 00 their Course

JFor PrdvilSons delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were mide out on the aforesaid 31 December, 1750 For Necelfary-Money, extra Necessary-Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies X. -

T!o the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -

24,195 15 8

15,468 i Air 169,681 12 5

7,960 18 10.

4,086 o 8

16,994 a 19

\ 899,838 14 2

Sick and bounded,-the 'Debt of that-O'ffice, as per Estimate received from tHole Commissioners: viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and wounded Seamen, set on Shore 1 xfrom his Majesty’s Ships ait the several Ports, and foF Pififoners of^J

----- . -J

War^aild Contingencies relating to the said Service

3


The Total aibounts to the Sum of One millioirEight hundred'Vwehty- i seven thousand Eight hundred Ninexy-qght’Pounds Seven Shillings*' and Four Pence , - -

*' Ftotn WHence deducing the Moneyin. the}

And also the Moneytfiat remaned to come (‘as Side

___ in of the Supplies of the Year - -)

The Debt will then be One million Seven hundred and Sixteen thousand Nine "hundred Twenty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Seven "Pence - - _ -

N.1 B.rInf tW Debt is included, for Charge of Transpdtts,betweeii J ill January, 1749, and 31 December, 1750 - - j

Hire of Vessels employed at Annapolis and Nova Scotia -And it appears, by an Account' received from the Gotrinfiftioners of the 7 Victualling, that the Expence’oFVidluAls supplied the Sbftdiers, between j lb January, 1749, and' 31'Dehember; 1750, amountsto - -J For which Sum of 9,145/. 6s. 9d. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but, if thought lit, to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be One million Seven hundred and 1 Seven thousand Seven hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings \ and Ten Pence - - - - j

<68*376 4 *4^598 *9 j7!-

2i4»x5* *3 2

I4>49i 16 o

1,827,898 7 4

1 *Q*975 S 9

1 >716,923 3 7

1,655 18 0}

2,786 17 S 9,1

4,702 11 1

9»x45 6 9

L7°7>777 *6 10

Ex4 per D. S

Savage MoJlyn> Dan. Deverty R. O/lorn,

Jo/. Alliny IViU. Corbetty Edward Falkingham.

Memorandum

Navy Office,

hi

OS

M

QO*

H .0

|V>

n . 1 (* i»

a

o

w

o

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Tre^furers of the Navy, on-the- 31st December, g 750,in Mon<y, as undermentioned i and m&y btfrcAoried > towards satisfying the albrclaid Debt of the Na*y j - . m ,.t. j ' v ' !'

In what Treasurers Hands.

Pniliam Corbett Esquire,

Right Honourable Sir John Rujhcut, Baioner

1

ir I

net, j

Right Honourable George J Dodingion Ef|uire, - - j

Right Honourable Henry j Legge Esquire, - - J

On the Head5 of f O ' -

In Mon*y. Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. j Stamens Wages. it f i *"* ^; VijOual*. n /-

L r. £- * d. £; s.~ 1

In Money - - - -1 Ditto, cowards the Debt for sick and ► wounded Seamen - 3»469 1 4 f 1.379 7 236 3 u - 98- 1 8 } 7 ‘ 'J -

In Money - - , - Ditto, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen - 7i8 18 18 4I ' 166 2 3f 658 2 0 ^.827 5. 2 7 r -

In Money - - Ditto, towards the Debt for sick and > wounded Seamen - - - \ 5,604 2 8{ . > 3.497 >9 *>i 1,8«2 7 1$ 206 2 '* * \* r

In Money - - - - >4.574'* 5 7 *7.755 r5 5' ! J4.256 *o

Ditto, towards the Debt far sick and I - - - - 4.945 *3 7» - -3 .

wounded Seamen - - -1 - ‘ :'J

- 31,4^6 18 = 1 '="= i - 3°.52‘ ' - 6,388 0 3 I " " " -~.r — = -

TOTAL>

L J. d.

fr 6i t Si

io;47b T 9* t 0

11,190 12 3i

1 ;|

4I..5J* 15 6 3:

68,37$ 4' 2

ir, '_c - <

There remained on 3ift.December to*] come in of the Supplies of the Year > 1750 - . - - - - J

- 4*>598- *9« I*

v.: i 1:

tit


V J ' Pr

r,r 'y-i' or >/. I. IT *uq; -«?; ’uq rvt.qr.71)' t‘.T l.r.q v> brtinr.ice p^r.i r; n

Ob

- - 4 i> -: - ’!* V Jf


1 1:

Navy Office, 7 24th January, 1750. (

AN Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extra Work at his Majesty’s federal Yards, for the Year 1751, over and atio/e what are propolcd to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, prepared in pursuance of an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 23d instant,

Wtolwith

Chatham

Sheernjs Purtjm Hlb

03

Plymouth

5W

a

H

lOO

60

50

90

73

60

60

90

70

74

70

60

Time when to be.

Place where. Gun. Ships Names. Nature of the Repair. r Taken in Hand. - 1 Completed. 1

Deptford - - - - 80 70 Cambridge - - 1 Buckingham - - -5 i - - Building - j - In Hand - j February,( [752 - - I Next Month - - J

Charge of their

Hul It, Matts, and Yards.

For prcpaiing the Frame of One new Ship, of Sixty Guns, in the room of the he 7

set up on the West Slip - - j

Royal Anne Dunkirk Falmouth

- 1}

- - Building'

- In Hand

f 'yffober, 1754 -

j *752 - -

[June, 1752 -

For preparing the Frame of One new Ships, of Eighty Guns, in the room of (he Norfolk, to } be set 11 p on the Westermost Slip - - !-

For preparing the Frame of One new Ship, of Fifty Guns in the room of the Preston, to be fee up on the Slip N° 2. after the Dolphin is launched, or at Deptford\ after the Buckingham is launched - - - -

Charge of Rebuilding Lodgings for the Master-Shipwright. Clerk of the Cheque, and Storekeeper i the old ones being so very much decayed, and in Danger of failing, that there is an absolurc Neceflicy of taking them down r The new Lodgings to be built on the new-purchased Ground; and the Ground the old ernes now Hand on will give very convenient r Room to that Part of the Yard, for framing Ships that shall be ordered to be built on the I Slip adjoining thereto, as well as for flowing Timber - - - -; -

fi-

ll,coo O

3,000 O

ic,oooo O

4.750 O

1,500 O


1

1.

2,500

M 00

Namur e -L%/0xr

t'rince Frederick Revenge - -

Rippon -Montague Neptune -Chtchester Elizabeth Grafton - -

Fen ib e -

: :}

:J

Building - -

Middling Repair -

- Small Repair -

- Building - -

- Building - -

Middling Repair -. Built - -

Repaired -

- In Hand - J Uncertain -!

J - March, 1752 -

- This Month

- In Hand

- March, 1751 -

- In Hand -

- In Hand -

- June next -


1

>/y, 1751 Uncertain-

Uncertain

Uncertain


To complete the Marts and Ya.ds, Fur- f niture and Srores -, - r - - C

preparing the Frame of One new Ship, of One hundred Guns in the ro'*m of one of the ? d Fir (I R.iteo, taken to Pieces, to be let up at the Head of the Double-Dock - j

Fur

old Eirtt Kaceo,

Magnanirne - - - 1 - Middling Repair " Z . |n Hand - J ~ Uncertain

I'Vermouth - - -j - - Building - - # 3 f June, 1751

For preparing tie Frame of O ie new Ship, of Sixty Guns, in the room of the Fork, to be set

up on the North Slip, after the IVeymouth is launched - - - j

For making and hanging a Pair of Gate*, and inner Apron, to the North Graving-PJace - j

2,000 O C

5,000 O c

5,000 0 0

5,000 O O

2JJ O O

-295 O 0

3,000 0 0

7,000 0 0

J5>4C° O 0

10 O b O 0

I l6,2(}J O O

TOTAL.

J. d.

11,000 O O

O O

3,000 O O

10,000 O O

2,500

1,500 O o

2,400 o o

10,000 0 0

J o,_oo 0 0

7,900 0 0

*1,200 0 0

5<7J‘ 0 0

2, jo O 0 0

5,000 0 0

5>coo 0 0

5,000 0 0

2,110 0 0

4>77* 0 0

3,000 O o

7>oooo o o *99476 O o

k

Total -

24° Januarii.

24 Geo. II. 4*

A E S T R A C T.

For the Hulls of the Ships - -

Rigging and Scores -

Ocher extra Work - -

116,293 o o

19*5:06 i o o 4i4j8 - o o

Total - - 140,257 o o

Viz. The Sum of One hundred Forty thousand Two hundred and Fifty-seven Pouhfls.

Savage MoJtyn> Jof: Allht,

Dan. Devert, Will. Corbett,

R. OJborn> , Edward b'alkingham.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be pciufcd by die Members of che House.

Army Mr. Secretary at War presented to che House, pur-Kuoutcs, fuanc to their Address to his Majesty,* Estimate oi the Charge of die Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 17 j 1: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff-Officers for his Majesty’s Land Forces for che Year 1751: And

tlfo,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1751: And also,

Estimate of che Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1 751: And also,

A Lift of the reduced OiRcers of his Majesty s L.and Forces and Marines, entitled to receive H If-pay, in Great Britain$ with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1751,

He also preferred to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines who died upon the Lltablishment of Half-pay, in Great Britain, and who were married to them before che 25th December, 1716; wich an Estimate of the Charge ttiercof, for che Year 1751*

He also presented to chC House, by His Majesty’s Command, Estimace of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the T woTroopi c f Horse Guards, and Regiment of Hoise reduced, and unto che luperannuated Gentlemen of che Four Troops of Horle Guards, for che Year 1751.

And che Tides of ch*- laid Eitimaces and Lifts wcr$ read.

The said Lifts, and also the said last-mencioned Estimate, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And che said Four other Estimates are a^ followeth; viz*

ESTIMATE of che Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and ocher his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain,

for chc Year 1751.

Pay of the Troops

Numbers. and K egimems, lor TOTAL.

365 Days.

1- s. d. £ s9 d%

rFirft Troop of Guards - m - 181 - 17.349 '3 4

Second Dicco - l8l ' - . - 17.240 1.1 4

Horse - Fsrft Troop of Grenadier Guards - - *77 - IO5870 l8 4

Second Dicco - - - 176 - io>74 3 3 4

cRoyal Regiment of Guards - - - 337 - - 26,876 3 4

— 1,052 83,189 11 8

Fi ft Regiment of Dragoon Guards - 426 - 21.547 3 4

Second Dicco - - - 285 - 14,676 0 10

Third Dicco - - - 285 - 14,676 0 10

Royal Regimenc of Dragoons - - 2»S - \ - 14.676 0 10

Earl of Rotbe's - - 2«S - 14.676 0 10

Dragoons.; Licucenanc General Bland?s - 285 - - 14.676 0 10

1 Sir Robert Rich's - - 285 - 14,676 0 10

Major-General Cholmondeley s - . 285 - - 14,676 0 10

Sir John Cope's - - - 285 - - 14 676 0 10

Sir John Mordaunt’$ - - 2*5 - - 14,676 0 10

, Lord Mark Kerr's ' - 285 - - 14,676 0 10

3.276 168,307 u

rFirft Regiment of Foot Guards - - 1,641 - 45.104 17 6

Second Ditto - - I :°5 + - 29,321 13 4

Third Ditto - - - 1»°54 - 29,376 4

Colonel Howard's - - 8.5 - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Rich's - - m 815 '5.217 9 2

Licutenanc General Gutfe s - 815 - 15,217 9 2

Frvnr _ Colonel Bodand's - - 8.5 - - 15,217 9 2

Lieutenant-General Pulteney's 815 - 15.217 9 2

Colonel Herbert's - 815 - 15,217 9 2

Lord Viscount Bury's - - -' 8ij - 15,217 9 2

Lieutenant General Campbell's - 8ij - 15.217 9 2

Lieutenant General Hujke's - - 8*5 - - 15,217 9 2

Earl of Ancram's - - 815 - 15.217 9 2

Colonel Conway s - - - 815 - 15.217 9 2

12,714 1 i7I>1950 0

Vol. 26. Invalids.

1$

175°-

f l’rl f Colonel War dour's Regiment --

nval % £25 Independent Companies -

0 o re*< -

c> 0 G&rcriftHis with fire and Candle -

0 c Cqnflogencies upon Account - -

0 - Xi*t

Total

'5*5 1,300 u. 9,906 14 2 22,584 7 6 . :r ,.;i

t — ~ - 37,132 -2 if;

- -- - ' 2O,t>0O d o -

- - 1.3,857

; .'.y - ': ' '

'32,49* I 8

57,132 2 1*

612,315 7 11

3Wai^3fficei~ /i:.': L jv/'i

24th January,.il$0-1. ... , _v

A.v; v, c

ESTIMATE'of the Charge"of the General'and Staff-Officers for his Majesty'6 Land Forces, for the Year i75T*

-r 1 ‘/ft; >, . hr;,:': .:T?. ' '

'} - For 365 Days.

16,000 00

Generaliand. Staff-Oncers ( - . »:

War-Office, J 3; . .'V" / :"7 ^-;

,44th January, 1750-1* ;.. ^:. . H. Fox.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations* Minorca, and Gibraltar, for’ebe n i: > . Year 1751. . 9

rfr^ — rtt*+n — r

Plantations. J-l — .-» . —

Numbers.

b .; ‘

L#e Lieutenant ;General Philipps's Regiment

Colonel Cornwallis's - - -t.v ;r -

Colonel Warburton's -Colonel Trelawny's -

FoyrCtfmpa^res at Afa?-JJrlfc.. 1 --. I -i One Company at Bermudas -One Company in the island of Providence

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, and ~j Saint John'% - - - -a - .4

1 #tA At Mintrca, '

| "

Lieutenant General Skelton's Regimens - -

Colonel Holmes's - - - -*

Lieutenant General Johnson's - -

Colonel Dejean's -: -

394*

*‘5 733 445 53 150 ^45-

Pay of the Regiments, fop-365 Days.

Officers of the Garrison

8*5

8»5

8*5

At Gibraltar.

Lieutenant General tVolfe's Regiment -

Lord George Beaucierk’s

Colonel Leighton’s - -- -

Major General Fleming's~ -

Officers of the Garriffin' - - - 1 -

Provisions for Colonel Gofnwallh Regiment in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, tfedufting Foilr Pence per

feienr but. of the'Subsidence of each Non commission Officer, and private Man, towards that Expence; remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for Colonel IParblirto'ns Regiment at Nova 1 Scotia - - . - - -3

Provisions for the several ’Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Independent Company at

3*5 8*5. 8*5. 8*5 — > —

3.755

3,260

3.260

9,748 10 to *5,217 9 2 15,217 9 2

15,381 14 2

7,t4i 16 t. 1,049 7 6

2,406 15 10

total.

s.

di

72,054 o 10 2570 12 6

15,217 9 2

15.2!? 9 2

15,217 9 2

i5>2l7 9 2

60*869 16 8 5.871 9

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

War-Office,

24th January, 1750-1,

TbTAL -i

I - I

N. Fox.

10^75

2.839 7 11

2.839 7 11

24,000 o o 456 5 o

60,869 16 8

3-749

12

30,135

o 10

256,420 18 6|

ESTIMATE

Kraoter’s

Nat.

Liotard’s,&c.

Nau

Edinburgh

Writ.

Supply.

24 Geo. II. 240 — 2 50 — 2 8° Januarii. 1 <7

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1751.

Per Diem. For 365 Day*.

8,787 Out-Pensioners, (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 per Diem each ----- £. s. d. £. s. d.

183 1 3 66,817 16 3

ico Letter.Men, at 12d. per Diem each ----- j 0 0 I,82C O O

31 Serjeants, at yd. per Diem each - *--<*- 1 3 4*4 6 3

From which Deduct, The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds; which, by Estimation, may be applicabie towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1751 ----- 189 4 6 69,067 2 6

6,joo 0 0

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1751 - - 62,567 a 6

War-Office,

24th January, 1750-1.

H. Fox.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Krauter: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved., That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of John Liotard and Daniel Richard was presented to the House, and read; praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Winnington, and Captain Frankland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 8° die januarii; Anno 24° Georgii II41 Regis, 1750.

Prayers. fiHriftopher Jacob Krauter took the in Order to his Naturalization.

Oaths appointed.

Veneris} 2 5* die yanuarti;

Anno 24* Georgii lln Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

ClRdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Commissiorier to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the room of Sir Charles Gilmour Baronet, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extra Work, ac his Majesty’s several Yards, for the Year 1751, over-and-above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. bane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Vol. 26.

Mr Winnington presented to the House, according to Lictard’s&c. Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Liotard, and Daniel Nat. Richard: And the same was received; and read the First time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Cust presented to the House, according to Stamford, Order, a Bill foj enlarging the Term and Powers granted Roads* by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effeJtuah And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Ma- Debtors Pe. jesty’s Gaol, in the County of Bedford, in Behalf of them- "tion.

selves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service Seamen em-of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1733, to the ph>y«l*

31st December 1750, upon a Medium of each Year; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service; and the Saving or Exceeding arising each Year, by a lefier or a greater Number having been employed, than were provided for by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Money count of what Money hath been ordered by the Com- ordered for missioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Naval Ser- Majesty’s Exchequer, and received by the Treasurer of V1CC5,

F the

18 28° Jc

the Navy, for any Services of thfe Navy, from the 31st Day of December 1743, to the 31st day of December 1750; distinguishing the Times when the same was received* and the Services to Which it was applied.

Account of Ordered, That there be said before this House, an Ac-

Ships in count of what Ships and Vessels of War have been in

Conmission; Commission, from the First of April 1749, to the First of November 1750; distinguishing their Rates, arid-Numbers of Men.

Ships em- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

ployed. count of His Majestys Ships of War which have been, employed, Once the First of April 1749, to the First of November 1730, for the Protection of Trade, and of our Settlements; the Stations of such Ships, and how long ordered to continue thereupon, with the Times of their going to Sea, and their returning into Port 5 together with Copies of the Orders given by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to the several Commanders of such Ships.

and Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Isis^aviga- of the several Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Berks, tion. Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,on behalfofthemselves, and otherPersons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers of Thames and Isis, from the City of London, eft ward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Rivers of Thames and Isis have, Timeout of Mind,been Navigable from the City of London -to the Village of Bercott, in the said County of Oxford; and from the City of OxfordWestward, beyond Letcblade, in the said County of Gloucester; and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the Fifft, the said Rivers were made navigable from the said Village of Bercott to the said City of Oxford; and that, by another Act of Parliament, made in the ThirdYear of the Reign of his present Majesty,intituled, An Act for revi vingand amendingan Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs, upon the River of Thames, Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-Catriage upon the said River; which hath been continued by several subsequent Acts to the First Day of ' yune One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, when the same will expire; several Regulations were made for the Benefit of Trade and Navigation ort the said Rivers, and the Power of the Commissioners thereby appointed, was extended as far as the said Town of Cricklade, in the said County of Wilts; and that, though the said Acts have been found very useful and beneficial, yet they have not answered all the good Ends for which the same were intended; but divers Abuses have heretofore been, and (till are, committed by the Owners of thefeveralTowing-Paths, and other Passages on the Banks of the said Rivers, and by the Owners of the Locks, Weirs, Turnpikes, Dams, Flood-gates, and other Engines, in and upon, or near adjoining to, the said Rivers; and also by the several Barge-Masters, and their Servants navi-: gating thereon; by reason whereof, and other Exactions,

the Price of Water-Carriage on those Rivers hath of late Years been very much raised; and the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, upon the Expiration of the said last mentioned Act, in case no new Law be made for the due Regulation of the Navigation on the said Rivers, the Abuses already experienced will greatly increase, and divers other Irregularities and Abuses be committed, to the great Damage of the said Navigation, and to the Detriment of the said Petitioners, and the Publick in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the said Rivers of Thames and Isis, from the said City of London, Westward, to the said Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts\ whereby such proper Rules, Orders, Constitutions, and Regulations, may be made for the Benefit of the said Navigation, or other-

1nuarii750.

wife relating thereto, and to all Persons inrerefted therein, or affected thereby, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Powney, Sir John Cust, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Knight ley. Lord Dupplin, Sir Dan.

OJborn, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Potter, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colleton*

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Beckford,

Mr. Rbbinjop, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Proby, Mr. Alderman Jansen, Mr. Grenville, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Peachy, Mr. MeUish, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

Morton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of Westminster the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are Election, thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Right Honourable Granville Leveson Gower Esquire, commonly called Lord Trentbam, having, by Acceptance of the Place of One of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, vacated his Seat in Parliament for the said City and Liberty; he, and Sir George Vandeput Baronet, on the Twenty second Day of November 174.9, being the Day appointed for the Lleftion of a Citizen or Representative in Parliament, offered themselves as Candidates at the said Eieftion; and that the Right of Eieftion having been invariably fixed in, and confined to, the Members and Occupiers of Chambers in the several Inns of Chancery within the said City and Liberty, and to the Inhabitants within the said City or Liberty paying Scotland Lot; and the Parish Books being the most proper Evidence of the Rights of the Electors, Sir George Vandeput, his Voters and Friends, pressed the High Bailiff, when they found he had neglected so to do, to apply for, and procure, the Parish Books to be brought to the Place of polling, that they might be referred to in the Course of taking the Poll, as a Means to enable him, as Returning Officer, to do that Justice, with Expedition, which he was bound to do; and that the Use of Cheque Books being expressly given by Act of Parliament, at County Elcft ions, and Inspectors being usually appointed at Elections for Cities and Boroughs, and the Electors for the City and Liberty of Westminster being equal in Number to the Freeholders of most of the Counties in this Kingdom; jnd as Inspectors would be fruitless, without the use of Cheque Books, Sir George Vandeput, and several other Persons intitled to vote at the said Eieftion desired that they might have the Use of such Books; but that the High Bailiff (as appeared from the whole Tenor of his Behaviour during the Eieftion) having determined to return Lord Trentbam in all Events, as also to render the Eieftion, as much as possibly he could, subservient to his own lucrative Views, absolutely refused to apply for, or procure, the Parish Books, or permit any Cheque Books to be made use of, as the only effectual Method of prolonging the Eieftion, and thereby extorting Money from the Candidates, and rendering his own partial and corrupt Con-dust less liable to be observed upon, in order thereby to avoid the Justice and Censure of this House; and that, during the whole Course of taking the Poll, the High Bailiff having refused the Parish Books, or any other Evidence to be produced, when Objections were made to the Votes of particular Persons, in order to quiet the Parties who made such Objections, constantly assured them, that he intended to grant the Candidates a Scrutiny, after the Poll was taken; and that that would be the most proper Time to settle all Questions touching the Rights of the several Voters; and that he would go on, then, to take

down

24 Geo. II. 28°

down the Votes, and would do the Parties Justice upon the Scrutiny: And alleging, that the High Bailiff pursued this Conduct, in order to deceive and impofeon the People a Belief of an absolute Necessity fora Scrutiny, and then to spin out such Scrutiny to any Length he should think proper, in order to promote his own advantage; as also to gain to himself a greater Power and Influence over the Election, and a better Opportunity <ff extorting Money from the Canvlidates, contrary to the Duty of his Office, and in manifest Defiance of all Law and Justice: And further setting forth, That great N umbers of idle and difTolute Persons, who were hired for the Purpose (One or more of the Ringleaders of which were then, if not (till, Chairmen, or otherwise in the Service of Lord frentbam, or his Friends), armed with Bludgeons, and other offenGve Weapons, did, in so outrageous a Manner, insult andabufe the Electors, that were distinguished as Voters on behalf of Sir George Vandeput, that they were thereby greatly deterred and obstructed from giving their Votes; and that the Agents and Voters, and others, in the Interest of Lord Trentbam, being in Possessiori of the Church-yard, at the West End of the Church, shut and locked up the Gates thereof, and filled the said, Churchyard with several of the said idle and abandoned Persons, many of them noways qualified to vote; and great Numbers of Persons, from thence, were readily admitted through the Church to the Hustings, to poll for Lord i'rentharh; whilst the lawful Voters, in the Interest of Sir George Vandepul were totally excluded from, and denied, such Accel's; and that the High Bailiff having, by his Behaviour during the Time of taking the Votes, rendered a Scrutiny absolutely necessary, there having, iri Effect, been no Poll properly taken at all; granted a Scrutiny upon closing of the Poll, in order, as he then declared, to do Justice to the Parties; he having, as he then said, admitted several Votes to be taken down, on a Confidence that a Scrutiny would be had, wherein Justice might and should be done, or to that Effect: And that, having thus procured a Scfii-tiny, the High Bailiff then artfully insinuated to the Candidates, that the Scrutiny would be attended with unavoidable Expence and Loss of Time to him, and gave them to understand, that he expected to be paid for the fame; and, under that Pretence, obliged them to depbfit large "Sums of Money in his Hands, and by that means extorted to the Amount of Four Guineas a Day from each of the said Candidates during the Scrutiny, which lasted upwards of Ninety Days; all which said Sums of Money, thus taken, were under the specious Pretence of making him a Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expence; though his real Expence (if any) was very inconsiderable; and that the High Bailiff, being determined from the Beginning to have a Scrutiny, as the only proper Time to exercise an arbitrary Power over the Poll and Election, without Cheque or Controul, during the whole Course of the Poll, industriously avoided (as far as he could) determining or giving his Judgment upon the Rights of Election, in order to reserve to himself the greater Liberty of varying the true and ancient Right, and introducing such new and pretended Rights, as, upon Irfpeftion of the Poll, privately by himself, he should find would belt serve the Interest of Lord *irentbam, and vary the true Majority of legal Votes; and that, for this End, after the Scrutiny was granted, the High Bailiff gave the Candidates and Eleftois to understand, that the previous Step necessary to be taken, would be to settle the several Rights of Election within the said City and Liberty, and, under that Pretence, he contrived that the ancient Rights of voting, which had never before been so much as questioned, but by the uniform Practice, not only of his Predeccffors in all former Elections, and by himself in former, nay, in the Course of this very Poll, had always been confirmed, and submitted to, should be litigated and disputed; and therein spent Eight Days,which put the Petitioners to a most heavy and burthensome Expence in examiningMul-titudes of Witnesses, who all confirmed those ancient Rights: And that the High Bailiff after this pretended Enquiry, or Scrutiny, into the Rights of voting, declared, Vol. z6.

u The Right of Election, for the City aBd Liberty of W.elhmnftei-<f Westminster, to be in the Inhabitants, Householders Election. i€ within the said City and Liberty, paying, or being <c liable to pay, Scotland Lor, and in the Occupiers of c< Chambers in the several Inns of Chancery in the said u Liberty , and in the Inhabitants, Householders, of White*

" ball, Scotland-yard, the Mews, and Stable-yard St

* James's, not being the King’s menial Servants, and iq c‘ the Watermen belonging to the Chest, and living in the Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evange-t( lift; but declared, that nothing in the above Declaration was intended to extend to, or affect,.rhe Right of vpting for the City and Liberty of Westminster, claimed by the Inhabitants of St. Martin le Grand, but that such Right was left open to a future Consideration; which said Declaration, so far as it carries the Appearance of any Determination upon the Rjghc of Election, is not Only false and repugnant, in many Respects, to the true and ancient Right of Election, but is, in many Instances, absolutely incontinent with the Determinations which he himfelt made upon the Rights of particular Persons during the Course of the Poll: And left even this Declaration mighc not, in the End, effectually answer his Purpose, he referred the Right of voting for the Liberty of St. Martin le Grand (which, Right was never before objected to or questioned) for such future Determination as he should think proper, by either allowing or disallowing such Right, as would belt serve the Interest of Lord I’rentbam;

And further alleging. That this Conduct and Behaviour of the High Bailiff was unprecedented, and a manifest Violation of the Freedom and Rights of Election in general, and particularly of the said City and Liberty, and of the most dangerous and fatal Tendency, as by this Method the High Bailiff assumed to himself the foie, absolute, and arbitrary Right of returning whomsoever he pleased, as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said i City and Liberty, which, if ndt prevented, must transfer the Power of electing from the Inhabitants to the High Bailiff^ and deprive the undoubted Electors for the said City and Liberty, of their Right of being represented in Parliament; and that, under this Declaration touching the Right of Election, the High Bailiff not only made, in Multitudes ot Instances, illegal and unjust Allowances, as well as Disallowances, of Votes, by allowing Persons as good Votes, who lived and resided in Whitehall, Scotland-yarcl, the Mews, and St able yard St. James's, and other Places within the Verge of the Court, several Watermen, in Right only or their belonging and contributing to a certain Chest, and living in the Parish of Saint Margaret or Saint Jobrl the Evangeiift, Westminster, under Pretence, that thatwas, in Effect, paying Scotland Lot, though it had not the lead Appearance thereof; and several other Persons who did not pay Scotland Lot, and disallowing many duly qualified, who had paid, and did pay Scotland Lot; but in many Instances acted even contradictory to himself, rejecting or dilallowing the very same Right to some Persons which he allowed to others, distinguishing only whom they voted for; and that, in particular the High Bailiff, during the Course of the Poll, intimated his Opinion to be, that such Inhabitants, whole Landlords had been rated to and paid the Parish Taxes, and who had paid an advanced Rent or Money to their Landlords equal to such Taxes, had virtually, and in Effect, paid the Taxes, and therefore ought to be considered as Inhabitants paying Scot arid Lot; which Sir George Vandeput acquiesced in, and made no Objections under that Head, though a great Number of Voters for Lord cVrentbam were liable to Oijeftion on that Account; but that, afrer Sir George Vandeput had gone through all, or great Part, of his Objections upon the Scrutiny, the High Bailiff was pleased to be of a different Opinion from what he was before, and permitted Lord Trentbam to object to every Inhabitant who voted for Sir George Vandeput under the like Cirt umstances, and allowed of such Objections, without suffering Sir George Vandeput afterwards to avail himself of the like Objections (though he strenuously infilled thereon), under a Pretence, that it could not be done confzftent with the regular Forms

*0

2 8° Januarii. A. 1750,

tMminster of Proceeding 3 than which, the Petitioners apprehend, Ele&oa. there could not be a more glaring Instance of Partiality and Injustice: That the High Bailiff, contrary to his own declared Opinion oh the Scrutiny, allowed miny Persons &$ good Votes for Lord Trentbam, who had been excused, On Account of their Poverty, from paying Scotland Lot, though objected to on behalf of Sir George Vandeput; and though he put on the Appearance of Justice, by hearing Objections on one Side and the other, as to the Validity of the Voies, yet he never declared any Judgment or Determination on the several individual Voters, or made any Entries or Marks on the Poll Books, pretending he kept Notes of what had passed, which he would rc-consider after he had gone through the Scrutiny; which could be done with no other View than to leave himself more at Liberty to allow or disallow Votes, as he should find it would be most for the Service of Lord Trentbam; and that, after spending Sixteen Days (a longer Time than even the Poll itself took up), the High Bailiff made a Return of Lord 'Trentbam, and declared, though very Unjustiy and untruly, that Lord Trentbam had a Majority of One hundred and Seventy legal Votes; whereas it will clearly and manifeitly be made appear, that Sir George Vandeput had an undoubted Majority of good and legal Votes, agreeable to the settled, known, and established Right of Election for the said City and Liberty: And repre-fencing to the House, that the Petitioners having a Member thus imposed upon them as their Representative in Parliament, by the Injustice and Partiality of the Returning Officer, and being deprived of the Right of being properly represented in Parliament by a Member of their own chusing, and considering not only the Injury they themselves have received, but the fatal Influence such an Attack upon the Privileges of a City so immediately under the Eye of the Legiflacure, may have upon all other Elections in this Kingdom, think themselves obliged to apply to the House for such Redress to themselves as may be agreeable to the Nature of their Cafe, and for such Punishment to be inflicted upon the Returning Officer, as the Heinousness of the Offence and the Danger of the Example, require: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and to do therein as to the House shall seem just and meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon To morrow Seven-might, the Fifth Day of February next.

Westminster A Petition of Sir George Vandeput Baronet, was also Eiedion. presented to the House, and read; alleging. That, upon the Close of the Poll, for the EleClion of a new Repre-» Tentative in Parliament for the City and Liberty of West-tninster, in the rooni of the Right Honourable Granville Levejon Gower Esquire, commonly called Lord Trentbam, the Petitioner had a considerable Majority of true and legal Voters, upon the ancient and established Right of EleClion within the said City and Liberty; which he infills to be vested in the Inhabitants within the said City and Liberty, paying Scotland Lot, and in the Members, Occupiers of Chambers in the several Inns of Chancery, within the said City and Liberty, and in those only: And representing to the House, that the High Bailiff (the Returning Officer for the said City and Liberty) having, in his Conduct of the Poll, neglected to govern himself by the Poors Rates, the proper Tell and Evidence of such Right, and having also refused the Use of Cheque Books (though frequently and earnestly prefied to both by the Petitioner and his Friends, as the only Means of preventing the Inconveniences which followed) gave an Opportunity to Numbers of People, to the Amount of many Hundreds, of obtruding their Names upon the Poll, who had not the lead Colour of Right or Pretence thereto; a Mischief which (though easily prevented by the Use of the Cautions above) at Length grew too big for any Redress from him but a Scrutiny, which he accordingly granted; and that the High Bailiff having rhus made a Scrutiny necessary, the Petitioner was in hopes he would

have proccecded in it upon the Foot of that ancient, notorious, and, till then, undisputed, Right of EleClion, now infilled on by the Petitioner; but, instead of that, having refused the Evidence of the ancient Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, the most proper, if not the only Witnesses capable of giving a true and satisfaClory Account of such Right, he was pleased to lay down a certain pretended Rule, as his Measure of the Right of EleClion, in many RespeCls differing from, and inconfillent with, the ancient Right heretofore exercised in the said City and Liberty; and, so far as it varied from that, the mere Creature of his own Fancy, or the Suggestion of tkeCounfcl for Lord Trentbam: And further alleging, That, under the Colour and ProteClion of this Rule, the High Bailiff has not only admitted several Gaffes or Bodies of Men, upon Claims destitute of the lead Appearance of legal Evidence to maintain them upon the Foot of immemorial Usage, and unsupported by any satisfaClory Evidence of any reasonable Pretence even to a modern Exercise of it; but has also, by the Introduction of the Words " liable to u pay," taken upon him to admit, in Favour of Lord Trentbam, great Numbers of Persons in the several Pa-rishesof the said City and Liberty who were really Paupers, and many of whom had, for Years before, beenex-cufed from paying any Rates, and particularly in the Parish of Saint Margaret and St. John, a very large Number of People living in mean Houses of very small Rents, of whom the Rates never were demanded, or expected to be paid; and which Houses, by the Custom of the said Parish (as most clearly appeared in the Evidence before the High Bailiff), had, for many Years pad, been excused from paying the fame, and the Occupiers whereof appeared utterly unable to pay, had the same been demanded: And that the Number of Voters thus admitted, contrary to the true and ancient Right of EleClion, is much superior to that of the false and pretended Majority of One hundred and Seventy, given by the High Bailiff in Favour of Lord Trent ham: And that the High Bailiff, not content with this unjust and arbitrary Invasion upon the Rights and Liberties of the said City and Liberry, has, in manifest Violation of his Duty, and even contrary to the Rules and Principles by himself laid down in the Progress of the Scrutiny, allowed great Numbers of Voters who polled for Lord Trentbam, and who were objeCled to by the Petitioner, and whom the Petitioner infills, according to the Evidence given against such Voters, he ought to have disallowed, and has also disallowed several Voters who polled for the Petitioner, and who were objeCled to on the Part of Lord Trentbam, and whom, the Petitioner infills, according to the Evidence given in Support of such Voters, he ought to have allowed, in the Whole amounting to a Number far exceeding the imaginary Majority, unjustiy given by him in Favour of the Lord Trentbam; and that the High Bailiff, in consequence of this his unwarrantable ConduCl, was emboldened to return Lord Trentbam, by a Majority of One hundred and Seventy; which the Petitioner infills upon to be not only false and repugnant to the true and ancient Right of EleClion, upon which the Petitioner submits he has a Majority of so me Hundreds, but manifestly contrary to the Evidence taken and admitted by the High Bailiff himself upon his own Rules and Principles, and that therefore he ought to have returned the Petitioner accordingly: And submitting this Complaint as an ObjeCl of national Concern, highly de-ferying the serious Attention and thorough Examination of the House; And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to do therein as to the House shall seem just and meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of this Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same time that the Matter of the Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster> whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, is appointed to be heard.

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Days of February 13 hit

24 Geo. II. 28° — :

last, containing the Entry of the Proceedings-of ..the tloufe, in relation to the Execution of the Writ which was oulered to He issued upon the Sixteenth Day - of November 1749, the Electing'of a Citizen to serve in this prefenr Parliament for the City of tVefiminster, in the room of the Right Honourable Granville Levejcn Gcwer Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Trentbam; migfr* be read.

And the same being read accordingly j . /; 2*

Ordered, That Peter I^eigh Esquire, riigh Bailiff-of the City of IVeJhninJter\ do attend this House immediately, in order to give the I Ioufc,an Account of-what he did, in purfuarice of the Directiojis givdn tpJ)ijn by this Huufc, upon the Twenty-third Pay. of’February last, in relation to the Execution of the Precept issued to him -in pursuance of the said Writ.

Peter Leigh Esquire, High Bailjff of the-City of West-rrdnjer, attending (according to Order) j . He was called ir>:

Ai^d examined in relation to what he did, in pifrfu-ance of the said Directions.; i'

And having, in the Courie of his Examination, alleged. That the said Election was protradled by an affe&rd Delay;

He was directed to withdraw.

A Motion wns made, and the Question beulgpbt; That the High Bailiff of the Qijy.of ttre(iminster be again called in; and afited, by whom it was that the said Elcttion was pretra&ed; and by what means

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

yanuariu

Ordered, That Richard Crowle Esquire do attend this House upon Thursday Morning, next.

Ordered, That the Honourable Alexander j Merely Esquire do attend this House upon Thursday Mornigg next.

Ordered, That '*Gibfoti,. Upholder in Covent-Garden, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next!

Ordered, That the High Bailiff of the City of itfejl-niwfter do attend this House upon tburfday Mornfng next, to make gobd his Charge against the said several Perffens by him named in the Complaint.whichihe has- rim Day made to the House, in regard to the Obstructions he met with in.thfeiESecuUon of>his Office. u*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply, whpje>Joufe, to, whom it. was referredto consider of tfte Supply^ranced to his Majesty,-be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning rtfcxt,resolve! itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted'is Majesty.

« V I

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nino of the Clock. ' 7

Mar thy 2 90 die yanudrit;

Anno 240 Georgii II"11 Regis, 1750.

. - t>

Prayers.

Tellers for chc Yeas, ^J^]2°+*

Tellers for the Noes, }l6*‘

So it was refolded in the Affirmative.

The High Bailiff of the City of Westminster was again called in:

And being afkcd. By whom it was that the said Election was protracted; and by what means i He named Mr. Crowle.

' And having, in the Course of his further Examination, complained of ill Treatment offered to him by feve-h\ Persons, upon account of h?i Behaviour in relation to the Lid Election and Return;

’ Hefwas again directed to withdraw.

He was again called in:

And being required to name the!Persons from whdm he received the ill Treatment of which he had conlplalrted j He named Mr. Alexander Murray and ML ?

Gibfori.

Ap'd then he again withdrew. , . /

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty's Prison for the County of CarmarthenJ\n . behalfdfuhemselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt vifichin the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A JPetition of the Priftyners confined for Debt ?n his Majesty’s Prison of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol of Northampton, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom: ,.

Were severally presented to the‘House, and' read; . complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief, And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Debtors

Petitions.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Estimate* Office of Ordnance for the Year 1751, Land-Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followed!; viz.

ESTIMATE? of the Charge of t^e Office of Ordnapce for the Year 1751.

LANDS

Ordinary of the Office; comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges - ‘ - -

p rp (Mahon, Gibraltar, and North Britain -

Civ’l (ffhee1,85 < Johns* Ferry land, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and

2ndArtifice^S) PlaceMa,\n Newfcundtahd- - -

\Annapolis Royal - - - - -:

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 1,135 Men, Officers included, for Service of South and North Britain, and the Garrisons at Mahon, Gibraltar, St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, Placentia, and' Annapolis Royal - -

Establishment of an Academy at Woohnch for the Instru&Ion of the Artillery People, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants 50 April and 18 November 1741 ‘ -

Establishment ^of the Laboratory at Woolwich - -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Train of Artillery in Flanders] and on several Expeditions, with the Half-Pay of JOfficers reduced’ - , -. -

Carried over *-

d.

3M^5 7 6

2,829 12 6

2,048 11 3

i»359 14 6

31,253 a 6

J, OQO 0 0

S67 5 P

2,844 15 10

8.1,038 71

VOL. 26.

G

Supply.

Kramer’#

Nat.

Supply-

22

290 — 310 Januarii.

Brought over EXTRAORDINARIES.

( Gibraltar

Mahon -

Annapolis Royal -

Placentia -

6*/. John's, Ferryland, Car boniere, and Trinity u Harbour, in Newfoundland -Towards repairing the Officers and Soldiers Barracks at Gibraltar,

estimated at 13,208/. ar. o^. -

Towards carrying on the I Fortifications, building j and repairing Store- < houses, and supplying Stores at

Towards erecting a new Fort at Aderfeer Point, near Invemefs Towards carrying on the Fortifications and repairing Barracks in Scotland Towards building and repairing fSheemefs and Gillingham -the Fortifications at \Portsmouth and Go/port -

Towards completing the Barracks, and erecting necessary Break-waters at Landguard Fort ——

£ 1. 4

3.000 o o 2>5°° ° o 4>oooo o o

3.000 o o

Money due from the East India Company, being the Value of the Ordnance, Mortars, Powder, and Stores, belonging to the Field Train, delivered to them in India -

A. 1750.

81,038 7 1

2O,j0O O 0

10,000 0 0

I, JOO O 0

a,coo O 0

4,000 0 0

1,50° O 0

120,538 7 I

11,387 18 5

E X C E E D IN G S, for which no Allowance hath been made by

Parliament 1750.

The Charge of transporting a Company of Artillery from Woolwich to Minorca, and bringing another back from thence -Arms delivered to Colonel Cornwallis's Regiment of Foot in Nova Scotia9 late Lieutenant General Philips's, in lieu of those taken by the Spaniards in 1746, pursuant tfl^Lords Justices Warrant, 3 May 1750

>.*53 9 5

46 5 o

1,699 14 5

Savings, arising from Vacancies of the Potts of Matter General-Secretary, Under-Secretary, and Clerk to the Master-General, Clerk of the Deliveries, and Chief Engineer, amounting to the Sum of 3,037/. 6s. 1 od. and which remains uniflued to this Office of the Sum granted for Service of the Year 1750.

J.L. Ligonier, Charles Frederick,

IV. R. Earley A. Wilkinson.

£.110,850 3 1

OrderedThat the saidEstimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by. the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. West do make the Report which Was ordered to be made this Day from the Committee of the whole Hotife, to whom it was referred to considerof the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Bill for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Krauter9 was read a Second tihne.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Sir John Cujl, Mr.West, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Boone, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Legge, Lord Egmont, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gray, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Howard, Mr. Potter, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Tounge, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Robbifon, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Compton, Mr. Palmer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

sand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnarce for Sea Service.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

:The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

106.

}i8 9-

fMr. Bathurst,

> Mr. Powney:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted Co his Majesty, the Refo-iucions of the said Committee, which he was directed to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Were read, and tire as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eight thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 17511 beginning the First of January 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month; be allowed for maintaining the said Eight thou-

Jovis, 310 die Januarii)

Anno 24° Georgii IldI Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

fOHN Liotard and Daniel Richard took the Oaths J appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his York Majesty's Gaol upon Ouse Bridge, in the City of York, Debtors known by the Name of the Kidd-Coat, in behalf of them- Pctl:l0ns' selves, and all other Prisoners for Dent within the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition

24

f iti * , 1

I, it

ff

; ,1

ti

1

Salop

Debtors

Petition.

Dr. Alien thanked for preaching before the House.

Treaty with Spain.

24 Geo. II. 31° Januarii.

A Petition of the Prisoners, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, confined for Debt in the County Gaol of

Salop:

Were severally presented to the House, and read 3 complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend DoCtor Allen, for the Sermon by him preached Ytfterday before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster\ and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Grenville and Sir Francis Poole do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and the King of Spain, concluded and signed at Madrid on the Fifth of October, N. S. 17505 and Translation: And also,

Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the One Part5 and his most Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria, on the other Parti concluded at Hanover on the 44- of August, 17503 and Translation: And also.

Copy of a Declaration relating to the said Treaty, signed by the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and of the Elector of Ba-varia3 Hanover, August 44, 17503 and Translation.

Together with Lilts of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session 3 and the said Translations are as followed! 3 viz.

Translation of the Treaty concluded and signed at Madrid, on the 5th of October, 1750, N. S.

Whereas, by the 16th Article of the Treaty of Aix la Chapelle, it has been agreed between their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, that the Treaty of the Afliento for the Commerce of Negroes, and the Article of the annual Ship for the Four Years of Non-Enjoyment, flvould be confirmed to Great Britain upon the same Foot, and upon the same Conditions, as they ought to have been executed before the lateWari and the respective Ambaffactors of their said Majesties having agreed, by a Declaration signed between them on the 44-ch o(June 1748, to regulate, at a proper Time and Place, by a Negotiation between Ministers named on each Side for that Purpose, the Equivalent which Spain should give, in Consideration of the Non-Erj6yment of the Years of the said Afliento of Negroes, and of the annual Ship, granted to Great Britain by the Tenth Article of the Preliminaries signed at Aix la Chapelle, on the 44th of April, 1748:

Their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, in order to fulfil the said Engagements of their respective MinisterF, and to strengtnen and perftCt more and more a iolid and lading Harmony bfiwien the Two Crowns, have agreed to make the prefern particular Treaty between themselves, without the Intervention or Participation of any Third Power, so that each of the contracting Parties acquires, by virtue of tfe Cessions which that Party makes, a Right of Compensation Irom the orher reciprocally 3 and they have named their Ministers Plenipotentiaries for that Purpose 3 viz. his Britannick Majesty, Benjamin Keene Esquire, his Minister Plenipotentiary to hi* Catholick Majesty 5 and his Catholick Majesty Don Joseph de Car-Vtijal and Lancaster, Miniller of State and Dean of his Council of State 3 who, after having examined the Points in question, have 2grecd upon the following Articles:

His Britannick Majesty yields to his Catholick Majesty his Right to the Enjoyment of the Afliento of Negroes, and of the annual Ship, during the Four Years ftipulatrd by the 16 th Article of the Treaty of Aix la Chapelle.

VOL. 26.

*3

II.

His Britannick Majesty, in Consideration of a Compensation of One hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling, which his Catholick Majesty promises and engages td Cause to be paid, either ac Madrid or London, to the Royal Afliento Company, within the Term of Three Months ac latest, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of this Treaty, yields to his Catholick Majesty all that may be due to the said Company for Balance of Accounts, or arising in ahy Manner whatever from the said Atliemo, so that the said Compensation shall be efletrmed and looked upon as a full and entire Satisfaction on the Part of his Catholick Majesty 3 and shall extinguifft, from this present Time, for the future, and for ever, all Right, Precension, or Demand, which might be formed, in cor.sequence of the said Afliento or annual Ship, directly or indirectly, on the Part of his Britannick Majesty, or on that of the said Company.

in.

The Catholick King yields to his Britannick Majesty all his Prettnfions or Demands in consequence of the said Afliento and annual Ship, as well with regard to the Articles already liquidated, as to those which may be easy or difficult to liquidate, so that no mention can ever be made of them hereafter oh either Side.

IV.

His Catholick Majesty consents, that the British Subjects shall not be bound to pay higher or other Duties or upon other Evaluations for Goods, which they shall carry into or out of the different Ports of his Catholick Majesty, than those paid on the same Goods in the Time of Charles the Second, King of Spain, lei tied by the Cedulas and Ordinances of that King, or those of his Predecessors 3 and although the Favour or Allowance, called the Pie del Fardo, be not founded upon any Royal Ordinance, nevertheless his Catholick Majesty declares, wills, and ordains, that it shall be observed now, and for the future, as an inviolable Law 3 and all the above-mentioned Duties shall be exacted and levied now, and for the future, with the same Advantages and Favours to the said Subjects.

Y.

His Catholick Majesty allows the said Subjects to take and gather Salt in the Island of Tcrtudos, without any Hindrance whatsoever, as they did in the Time of the said King Charles the Second.

yI.

His Catholick Majesty consents, that the said Subjects shall not pay any-where higher or other Duties than those which his Catholick Majesty’s Subjects pay in the same Place.

VII.

His Catholick Majesty grants that the said Subjects shall enjoy all the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Exemptions, and Immunities whatsoever, which they enjoyed before the last War, by virtue of Cedulas or Royal Ordinances, and by the Articles of the Treaty of Peace and Commerce, made at Madrid in 16675 and the said Subjects shall be treated in Spain in the same Manner as the most favoured Nation, and consequently no Nation shall pay less Duties upon Wool, and other Merchandizes, which they shall bring into or carry out of Spain by Land, than the said Subjects shall pay upon the same Merchandizes, which they shall oring in or carry out by Sea: And all the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Exemptions, and Immunities, which shall be granted cr permitted, to any Nation whatever, shall also be granted and p rmitteo to the said Subjects: And his Brhannick Majesty consents that the same be granted and permitted to the Subjects of Spain, in his Britannick Majesty's Kingdoms.

V1U.

His Catholick Majesty promises to use all possible Endeavours on his Part to abolish all Innovations which may have been intioduced into Commerce, and to have them forborn for the future 5 his Britannick Majesty likewise promises to use all possible Endeavours to abolish all Innovations, and to forbear them for the future.

IX. Their

ix.

Their Britannick and Cathoflck Majesties confirm, by the present Treaty, the Treaty of Aix la Chapelle, and all the ocher ^Treaties therein confirmed, in all their Articles and Clauses, those Articles excepted which have been derogated from by the present Treaty, as like wife the Treaty of Commerce concluded ac Utrecht in 1713; those Articles excepted which are contrary to the present Treary,which shall be abolished and of no Force; and namely the Three Articles of the said Treaty of Utrecht, commonly called Explanatory.

X.

All the reciprocal Differences, Rights, Demands, and Pretensions which may have subsisted between the Two Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, in which no other Nation whatever has any Part, Interest, or Right of Intervention, being thus accommodated and extinguished by this particular Treaty, the Two said most Serene Kings engage themselves mutually to the punctual Execution of this Treaty of reciprocal Compensation, which shall be approved and ratified by their said Majesties, and the Ratifications exchanged in the Term of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Day of its Signing, or sooner, if it can be done.

In Witness whereof, Wc the above-mentioned Ministers Plenipotentiaries, that is to say, Benjamin Keene Esquire, in the Name of his Britannick Majesty; and Den Joseph de Carvajal and Lancaster, in the Name of his Catholick Majesty; by virtue of our full Powers, which we have mutually communicated to each other, have signed these Present?, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto. Done at Madrid, the Fifth of October 1750, New Stile.

(L. S.) B. Keene. (L. S.) Joseph de Carvajal

y Lancaster.

Transtation of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the One Part; and his most Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria, on the other Part; concluded at Hanover on the -Hth of August T75°-

Whereas his Majesty the King of Great Britain, Elector of Brunswick Lunenburg, and their High Mightiness, the Lords the Stares General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the One Part; and his most Serene Electoral Highness of Bavaria, on the other Part; did conclude, in the Month of July 1746, for the Term of Four Years, a Treaty of Friendship, good Understanding, and Subsidy, which was signed the 21st of the said Month, at Munich, by their respective Ministers; and whereof the Tranquillity of the Empire, the Preservation of its Imerefts, and the Support of its System, made a principal Object: And whereas the said Treaty did expire the 21st of the Month of July of tljis present Year, the said High contradling Parties, feeling themselves always animated with the same Sentiments of Friendship One towards the other, and with the same Desire for the Preservation of the Tranquillity of the Empire, and for the Confirmation of its System, have authorized their respective Ministers to set about so salutary a Work; that is to say, his Britannick Majesty 'Thomas Holies, Duke of Newcastle, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and One of his Principal Secretaries of State; their High Mightinesses the Lords the States General the Sieur Hop, Lieutenant-General of Horse in their Service, and their Envoy Extraordinary to his Britannick Majesty; and his most Serene Eledloral Highness of Bavaria, the Sieur Joseph Xavier, Count of Hajlang, his Chamberlain and Counsellor of State, Grand Commander of his Order of St. George, and Minister Plenipotentiary to his Britannick Majesty; which Ministers aforesaid being provided with the necessary full Powers, after several Conferences, have agreed upon the following Articles:

A. 1750.

Article I.

There shall be a sincere Friendship and most strict Union between his said Majesty, their High Mightinesses, and his most Serene Eledloral Highness of Bavaria, so that each of them shall look upon the Imerefts of the others as his own, and shall faithfully use his Endeavours to promote them as far as possible; and mutually to prevent and avert all Disturbance and Prejudice.

Article II.

In order to give his most Serene Eledloral Highness of Bavaria a Proof of the good Dispofi tion of the High Maritime Powers towards him, they grant him an annual Subsidy of Forty thousand Pounds Srerling, amounting to Four hundred Forty thousand Florins, current Money of Holland, which (half be paid every Three Months at the Hague, without the least Diminution; viz. Two thirds on the Account of his Britannick Majesty, and One-third on the Account of their High Mightinesses; which Subsidy shall commence from the 21st Day of July iaft, the Day of the Expiration of the last Treaty, and shall continue as long as the present Treaty shall remain in Force; provided that the Proportion of the Subsidy, which is to be paid by his Britannick Majesty, shall be paid in England, if his most Serene Eledloral Highness desires it

Article III.

In consideration of the Subsidy specified in the preceding Article, his most Serene Eledloral Highness of Bavaria shall keep up a Body of Six thousand Foot, in the same State, and upon the same Conditions, as well in relation to the Requisition for the March, and to the Pay during their actual Service, as with regard to the Diminution of the Subsidy, in case of the said actual Service, which were stipulated in the Convention between his Britannick Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe, on the 9th of May 1740; the Articles and Clauses of which Convention, that are applicable to the Three Points above-mentioned, shall be understood as inferred here.

Article IV.

His most Serene Eledloral Highness of Bavaria, having the Honour to be One of the most considerable Members of the Empire, solemnly protests that he will not separate himself from the said Empire in any fort; and that his Troops shall not be employed in any Manner against his Imperial Majesty, or against the Empire.

Article V.

His most Serene Eledloral Highness of Bavaria, being persuaded that the Desires and Wishes of his Britannick Majesty, Elector of Brunswick Lunenburg, with relation to the Affairs of the German Empire, tend solely to the Common Good thereof, and to the Preservation of its System, and feeling himself animated with a Desire of co-operating thereto in the same Manner, does not hefi-tate to promise, that he will second, by the Votes to him belonging, as well at the General Diet of the Empire, as at* the Assemblies of the Eledloral College and of the Circles, the good Intentions and Opinions of his Britannick Majesty relating to the Affairs of the Empire; and with this View it is therefore reciprocally stipulated, that the Envoys and Ministers of his Britannick Majesty and most Serene Eledloral Highness of Brunswick Lunenburg, and of his most Serene Eledloral Highness of Bavaria, who shall meet each other at the said Assemblies, shall consult together in Confidence, and act in Concert, as far as shall be possible, in the Affairs of Consequence chat shall relate to the Interests of the Empire.

Article VI.

In case that his most Serene Eledloral Highness should be attacked or disturbed in his Dominions, by any Power whatsoever,in Resentment of this Treaty, the High Maritime Powers shall do their utmost to procure him Satisfaction from the Aggressor, for the Damage which shall have been done to him.

Article VII.

ThisTreaty shall continue in Force for the Space of Six Years, £0 be reckoned from the a ill of July, of this pre-1 o sent

310 Janu

4 Geo. IL i° Jatiuarii.

*5

sent Year: And if the high contrafting Parties shall afterwards be disposed to continue, prolong, or alter it, they shall give each other Notice thereof, and treat about it, Three Months before its Expiration.

Article VIII.

This Treaty shall be ratified by thfe aforesaid high cbh-tracting Parties respectively, in the Space of Four Weeks from the Day of the Date thereof, or sooner, if possible; and the Ratifications shall be exchanged here at Hanover.

In Witness whereof, we* the aforesaid Ministers, have made Three Instruments of this Treaty, of the same Tenor which we, by virtue of pur full Powers* have signed* and thereunto fixed the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Hanover, the \\th Day of August, *750. holies Newcastle (L. S.) Joseph Xavier,

H. Hop — — (L. S.) Count of Haflang (L. S.)

Transiation of a Declaration signed by the Miniftef*s Plenipotentiary of the Empress Queen of Hungary land Bohemia and of the Elector of Bavaria. Hanover, August -H, 1750.

Whereas, by a Treaty of Friendship concluded this Day between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, Eledlorof krunswick Lunenburg, and their High Migh-tindies the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, on the one Part, and his most Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria, on the other, it is stipulated. that his Laid Majesty, and their High Mightinefies* should pay to his said most Serene Electoral Highness of Bavaria, an annual Subsidy of Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, during the Space of Six Years: And whereas the Prolongation of the Term of the said Treaty, from Four Years, which were at first proposed, to Six, is chiefly intended to serve as a Satisfaction, and as an Equivalent, for the Pretensions of his said most Serene Electoral Highness of Bavaria, upon the Duchy of Mirandola, and the Marqui-fate of Concordia. And whereas her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia acknowleges. That, in Justice, the high Maritime Powers aforesaid should not be charged with that Equivalent; we the underwritten Henry Hy acini he. Count of Nay and of Richecourt, Chamberlain to their Imperial Majesties, and John Werner de Vorfter, Imperial Aulick Councilor, Ministers Plenipotentiary of her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bobema, do, by virtue of our full Powers, declare that One-fourth Part of the said Subsidy of Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, viz. Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, by the Year, shall be duly and punctually paid, without any Charges, every Three Months, at Augsburg, by her said Imperial Majesty Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, to the Order, and for the Use, of his said most Serene Ele&oral Highness of Bavaria, during the whole Term of Six Years, that the said Treaty is to continue in Force. And I the underwritten Joseph Xavier, Count of Haflang, Chamberlain and Counsellor of State of his most Serene Electoral Highness of Bavaria, Grand Commander of his Order of St. George, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, do, by virtue of my full Power, declare, that provided the said Payment shall be duly made on the Part of her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, her said Imperial Majesty shall be discharged of all further Demands on the Part of his most Serene Elc&oral Highness of Bavaria, of an Equivalent for his Pretenflons upon the Duchy of Mirandola, and the Marquisate of Concordia; it being, nevertheless, to be understood, that all the other Pretensions, either of her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, or of his most Serene Electoral Highness of Bavaria, which are founded upon the Treaties concluded between them, shall be reputed to remain in their full Force, with- out their being anywise altered by this Declaration. And I do accept the said Declaration; and, by virtue of my full Power, I do discharge his Britannick Majesty, and their High Mightinefies, aforesaid, of the said Fourth Part of the Subsidy stipulated to be paid by them: And I declare, That the Three other Fourths of this Subsidy, VOL. 26.

which remain, are all that is expected or required, by virtue of the said Treaty, signed by me this Day, with the Ministers of his said britannick Majesty, and of their High Mightinefies the States General.

This Declaration shall be ratified by the aforesaid high tontradfing Powers respectively, in the Space of Four Weeks from the Day of the Signature, or sooner, if possible; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged here at Hanover.

In Witness whereof, we the aforesaid Ministers Plenipotentiary, have made Four Instruments of this Declaration, of the same Tenor, which, by virtue of our full Powers, we have signed* and have put the Seals of our Arms thereto.

Done at Hanover, the Day of August,

I75°*

H. H. de Nay and Richecourt ( L. S ), Joseph Xavier,

John Werner de Vorfter — (L.S), Countof tiaflang^L.Si)

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Home, from the Commissionfers of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the DerwentWater Estate, between ift December, 1749, and 30th November, 17505 and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew:

And the Title of the said Account wafc read.

The said Account is as followeth 5 viz.

31st January, \-] $o.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign* intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the t states forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwent water, and Charles Radcliffe, requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Ar5ificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a workman-like and substantial manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively 5 the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth;

There has been received by the Treasurer, between 1st December, 1749. and the 30th November, 1750, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate, viz.

/. d.

- 5-972 14

- 2,827 5 3i

| 3,048 9 6

1^848 9 6

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

In King William*s Court:

Taking off the Lead, and repairing the /. s. d. % Roof of; the Painted HalJ, and new laying the Lead again

In Queen Mary9s Court:

Finishing the new Chapel, Vestibule, and Stair-cases to the Galleries; making a Pulpit, Reading-desk, Clerk's Desk, Communion-table, Forms and Organ-case, with Furniture; making Doors and Door-cases; paving, and finishing the Stone-work and Iron-work of the great Stair-case at the South-weft Corner of the Building; setting Coppers, put-

H ting

On Account of the annual Rents On Account of the Lead Mines On Account of the Timber fold the Court of Exchequer -

v

’VPeftnTmfter

Election.

16 310 Januarii — i ° Februarii.

A. 1750.

d. had done fd; and did utter disrespectful Words, in Contempt of the Authority of this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth j

Tellers for the Yeas, [ JJ; j 181.

Tellers for the Noes, j \\ } I2*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Crowle bt now brought to the Bar of this House, and be, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, for his said Offence.

He was brought in accordingly, and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, and discharged, paying his 7 Fees.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Charge made by the High Bailiff of the City of Westmrvfter, be adjourned till To morrow Morning.

ting tip Sink-gates, and other Furni- /» s. ture, in the Building; and finiffiing the Colonade

Out-works:

In Fence-walls, Necessary-houses, Waffi-houses, Drying-grounds, Sewers, Drains,

Reservoir for cleansing the Sewers, tfc. making a Vault in the Burying-ground, and finiffiing the Addition to the Brew-house

All which Works have been brought to Account, and amount to the Sum of Six thousand Seven hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven Pence ... 6*757

The Ordinary Works done this Year, in keeping the Building in Repair, and other necessary Works, for the Service of the Hospital, amount to One thousand Four hundred Ninety-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven-pence 1,494 10 7

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

£.8,252 7 2

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on Account of Repairs, between the (ft December, 1749, and 30th November,

1750 - - - *7 1 5

By Order of the Commissioners,

Rd. Horne.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Richard Crowle Esquire, the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire, Gibson, Upholder in Covent-Garden, and the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, being read;

The High "Bailiff of the City of Westminster was called in; and acquainted, That he might now proceed to make good his Charge against the several Persons by him named to the House, upon Monday last;

And Richard Crowle Esquire, one of the said Persons, was called in:

And the High Bailiff proceeded to state his Charge against the said Mr. Crowle;

And Mr, Crowle was heard to the said Charge.

And the High Bailiff having been heard to what had been alledged by Mr. Crowle:

They were both directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster be again called in, and directed to produce his Evidence upon his Charge against Richard Crowle Esquire;.

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j 204.

Tellers for the Noes, j \dwlrd Wtlles: } 13*'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The High Bailiff, and Mr. Crowle, were again called in: And the High Bailiff examined several Witnesses, in Support of the said Charge.

And Mr. Crowle was heard; and examined aWitness, m Answer to the said Charge.

And the High Bailiff was heard, by way of Reply.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That k appears to this House, that Richard Crowle Esquire, during the late Scrutiny of the Poll for the City of Westminster, after he had full Notice of the Orders of this House given to the High Bailiff of the said City to expedite the said Scrutiny, did, wilfully and designedly, protradt the fame; and, when he was reminded of the said Orders by the High Bailiff* did publickly avow and declare he

Vzneris, i° die Februarii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIai Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by $tamfonJ* an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of his present &c. Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Road. Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cust,

Mr. West, Mr. Potter, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Bathurst,

Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Faney Mr. Mellifhy Mr. Prowse, Mr. Barbory Mr. Salusbury, Colonel Leighton,

Sir Nicholas Bayly, Mr. Moretony Mr. Tor he, Mr. Carter,

Mr. Fellowesy Mr. Hill, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Selwyn, General Onslow, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Sandysy Mr. Proby, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Elliot, the Marquis of Granby, Mr,

Allgood, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Leigh, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Madan, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Barnc, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Boone, Mr.

McKenzie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Rutland\ Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Lieutenant-General James St. Clair was Sutherland^ presented to the House, and read; complaining of an R^ion-undue Election, and Return, for the Shire of Sutherland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Earl of Panmure, Sir James Carnegie, Sir Henry Erskine, Colonel Abercrombie, Sir Daniel Campbell, Mr. Andrew Mitchell, Mr. Erjhine, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elfc&ipns.

A Petition of the acting Trustees, whose Names are St. Alban* thereunto fubscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Road, appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways through the Parishes of St. s Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mimms, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and also an Act. made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing, and making more effectual, the said Act; was presented to the House, and read setting forth, That by the first-mentioned Act several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the Highways, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing from the First Day of September 1715; and that by the last mentioned Act, the said Tolls and Powers were continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and thar, the better to answer the

Intention



24 Geo. II.

lb Februar

27

Intention of the said Acts, the Trustees have borrowed upwards of One thousand Seven hundred Pounds upon the Credit thereof (which remains unpaid), and have applied the fame, together with the Tolls*, in the Repair of the said Roads; which are, notwithstanding, in a ruinous Condition, by reason of the great Number of Waggons and Carriages continually passing thereon; and alledging, that the said Highways cannot be effectually repaired, and the said Money repaid, unless some of the said Tolls be enlarged, and the Term and Powers continued, and made more effectual; and therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, the said Acts; or that such other Relief may be granted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fane, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Proby, Mr. Sel-wyn, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Frederick, Sir John Cust, Mr. Nugent, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Gore, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Hale, Sir Fra. Poole, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Turner, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Belcbier, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Torke, Mr. Nefbit, Ccloncl Bofcawen, Mr. Geo. Selwyn, Mr. Young, Sir Francis Drake, Mr Phillipson, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Neale, Mr. Walpole, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Clev-land, General Onslow, Mr. Laroche, Lord Parker, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mitchell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bedford, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-, ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

I . Records.

Account ef Ordered, That the proper Officer do lav before this

offounoaV an Account of the neat Produce of the Subsidy

m ’ of Poundage, upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, granted by an Act of the Twenty-first of his present Majesty, from the Commencement of the Act, on the First of March 1747, to Mi-ehaeimas 1750, dist each Year.

Liofanh.ifc, A Bill for naturalizing John Liotard and Daniel Richard,

| was read a second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Win-: ntngton, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Carter, Lord Middlesex, Mr.

Reynolds, Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Mar ton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Robinson, Lord Cobham, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Pow-ney, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Coke, Sir V Thomas Robinson, Sir Nicholas Bayly, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Proby, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Conyers, Lord Downe, Admiral Vernon, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Wittes, Lord Egmont, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Cust, Colonel Stewart, Sir JoAw &j-w7/r, Mr. Anson: And they to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Latirefpcft- Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be xngFelonies, appointed to revise and consider the Laws in being, which relate to Felonies, and other Offences against the Peace; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Ord, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Potter, Mr. Pitt, Dr. Lee, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Powney, Mr. Wilbrabam, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bathurst, General Oglethorpe, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyf-ter, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Jodrell, <Mr. Attorney General, Mr. West, Mr. Legge, Mr. Wal-polt, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Martin, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Vol. 26.

Popham, Mr. Alderman Ja’nfen, Mr. Plurtiptre, Mr. Beckford, Admiral. Vernon, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Compton, Mr. Willes, Mr.

Douglas, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Wenman, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Boone, Mr. Gore, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Bocland, Colonel Bofcawen, Captain Montague, Mr. Robinson, Lord Bury,

Lord Limerick, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Pelham, Lord Dun-tannon, Mr. Gajhrey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr.

Lloyd 1 and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Members who serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to adjourn from time to time, and to what Place or Places they shall think fit.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned WelimihfUr Consideration of the Charge, made to the House, upon Election. Monday last, by the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster.

And the High Bailiff was called in; and directed to proceed to make good the rest of his said Charge.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

He was again called in:

And the Honourable Alexander Murray, Esquire, On$ of the Persons named in the said Charge, was also called in:

And the High Bailiff proceeded to state his Charge against the said Mr. Murray.

And Mr. Murray having been heard to the said Charge 5 and having denied the fame; and desiring to make his Defence thereto by Counsel; 1

They were both directed to withdraw.

The House was moved* That Part of an Act made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Misprision of such Treason, to make their full Defence by Counsel, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Mr. Murray was again called in:

And beingafked, Whether his Counsel were ready to proceed: He acquainted the House, that he had sent for them: That he was ready hirpfelf; but did not know whether they would be ready to proceed this Day.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Mr. Murray be admitted to be heard at the Bar of this House, by his Counsel, upon the Matter of the Charge made against him, by the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster.

Ordered, That the High Bailiff of the City of W$ft-minster be admitted to be heard by Counsel, in Support of the said Charge, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Murray be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House:

And that, when he shall be in such Custody, the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take such Bail of the said Mr. Murray, as shall be approved by. Mr. Speaker, for the said Mr. Murrays Attendance upon this House, from time to time, as often as he shall be required there-, unto.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of that Part of the said Charge, which relates to the said Mr. Murray, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Charge made by the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster against the said Mr. Murray, be, by him, put into Writing, and delivered to the Clerk of this House: And that a Copy of the said Charge be delivered to the said Mr. Murray.

The High Bailiff was again called in:

And Gibson, another of the Persons named in the Charge made to the House upon Monday lait, by the said High Bailiff, was also called in.

The High Bailiff proceeded to state his Charge against the said Mr. Gibson.

' And

8

And Mr. Gibjon having been heard to the said Charge, and having denied the fame;

The High Bailiff examined several Witnesses in Support of the former Part of the said Charge.

And having called another Witness;

The High Bailiff, Mr. Gibjon, and the said Witness, were directed to withdraw.

The High Bailiff and Mr. Gibjon were again called in: And the High Bailiff having acquainted the House, that he had called the said Witness in Support of the latter Part of his said Charge;

The High Bailiff and Mr. Gibjon were again directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the High Bailiff was directed to confine himself to the former Part of the said Charge:

And he having acquainted the House, that he had gone through his Evidence, in Support of that Parc of the said Charge;

Mr. Gibjonwas heard, and examined several Witnesses in answer to the said Charge:

And having referred to a Member of the House, as having been present at the Time mentioned in the Charge;

The said Member did, in his Place, inform the House of what he knew concerning the Matter of the said Charge;

And Mr. Gibjon having gone through his Evidence; The High Bailiff was heard by way of Reply:

And having referred to a Member of the House, as having been present at the Time mentioned in the Charge;

The said Member did, in his Place, inform the House of what he knew concerning the Matter of the said Charge.

And then the High Bailiff and Mr. Gibjon were directed to withdraw.

And several Members did, in their Places, inform the House of what they knew concerning the Matter of the said Charge.

The House was moved. That the Entry of the former Part of the said Charge, made by the High Bailiff against the said Mr. Gibjon, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it appears to this House, that the said Mr. John Gibjon, is guilty of an high Contempt of the Authority and Privileges of this House, by reflecting on the Proceedings of this House, and of the Legislature;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

j 63.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said John Gibjon be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 4.0 die;

Anno 24® Georgii II41 Regis, 1750. Prayers.

weitminster rr^HE House being informed that Mr from

Bridge. I the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the

River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the

1750.

opposite Shore in the County of Surry> attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament:

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from 5th December 1749, to 14th December 1750, both Days inclusive: And also,

Contrafts made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from December the 5th, 1749, to December the 14th, 17jo, both Days inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from 29th September 1749, to 25th December 17 50, both Days inclusive:

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State,

Contracts, and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the ether Papers of this Session.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Serjeant Mr. Murny at / rms attending this House had informed him, that, in taken into pursuance of the Order of this House of Friday last, he Cafto<ty* had taken into his Custody the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire; and when in his Custody, had taken Bail for the said Mr. Murray's Attendance upon this House, from time to time, as often as he should be required thereunto: And that the said Mr. Murray was now out upon such Bail.

Mr. Speaker further acquainted the House, That the said Bail was such as had been approved of by him, as the said Order directed.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Murray do attend this House, upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards,

Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ms Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimare of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1751, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land-Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-Pay, in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That tta Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Feme took the Chair of the Committee.

Mn

i° — 46 Februarii.

14 Geo. II.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Reflations 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Westminster Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday the 28th

Eic&ion. Day of January last, for hearing, Tomorrow, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster> whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday the 28th thy of January last, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sir George Vandeput Baronet, at the same time that the Matter of the Petition of the Feveral Burgesses and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of ll'estminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several other Burgeflfes and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, was appointed to be heard, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard

at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis* 50 die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1750.

PR AYERS.

Owe \ Petition of the Mayor, CapitaLBurgefles, and Com-Navigatifn. monaltyof the Borough of Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; and of the Land-owners, Farmers, principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Navigators, living in and near Thetford aforesaid, and trading upon the River Brandon, Commonly called thzLeJftrOuze, between Thetford and a Place called the White House near Brdndon-Ferry, in the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Wave-ney, divers Persons, therein named, were constituted Commissioners for determining all Controversies which might arise,in relation to the making of the said Rivers navigable, in maintaining the Navigation thereof, for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods on the said Rivers, and for ascertaining the Satisfaction for Damages done to the Banks of the said Rivers, by hailing and drawing of Vessels navigated thereupon; and Power was given to the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, to chuse other Per* fons, residing in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to be Commissioners in the (lead of such Commissioners as should from time to time die; and that all the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act, have been long since dead; and that no new Commissioners have been appointed in their (lead; and that some Disputes have of late arisen between the Owners of Lands and Banks adjoining to the said River, commonly called the Lesser Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House near Brandon-Ferry, relating to the Haling-Ways there, and other Matters concerning the said Navigation; and that the said Differences cannot be adjust-Vol. 26.

29

ed and settled by any other Means than by expends and tedious Law-Suits, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament, for appointing new Commissioners, and inverting them with the like Powers and Authorities as were granted by the said former Act, for determining all Disputes relating to, or occasioned by, the Navigation oil the said River: And therefore praying, That the House ' will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in, for appointing new Commissioners for putting in Execution the Purposes of the said Act, so far as the feme relates to the Navigation of the said River, commonly called the Lesser Ouse, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House near Brandon-Ferry 5 or that such other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Wodt-house, Mr. Fane, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Charles Townshend, Mr. Boone, Mr. Solus bury, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cocks, Mr, Leveson Gower,

Admiral Vernon, Lord Parker, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bankes,

Sir Francis Drake, Lord Hilsborough, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir John Saville, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Hale, Mr. Lyster, Sir Edmund Thomas, Colonel Boc* land, Mr. Hill, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Carmichael, General Onslow, Sir John Cust, Lord Egmont, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Colleton, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilklnfon, Mr. Neale, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Leigh, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Williams, Mr. Dowdef well. Colonel Leighton, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Hen. Finch,

Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Poore, Mr. Harris, Mr. Brooksbankr Lord Petersham, Mr. Watson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That iWfgn Pi*. Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize Foreign testants Nat. Protestants;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Tclte for heY<a,.$[;££r J-J*

Teller* for ,he

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent, Mr. Proby, and Mr. Alderman Baker, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth, viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, announcing to Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men, commission and non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 17 jt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Twelve thousand Three hundred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-four thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced 1 Officers

4* — 50 F.


3°

Officer* of his Majesty’s Land-Forces and Marines, for the Year 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-ttvo thousand Five hundred Sixcy-seven Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty upon Account, for Out-Pensioners of Chejea Hospital, for the Year 17$ i*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Penfiotis to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land-Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishmenc of Half-Pay, in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, for the Year 1751.

RJolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Surrij not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred Forty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1751.

The first Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time

A Motion was made, and the Questiofc being put, That the said Resolution be recommitted;

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth:

Telltre for the Yeas,; (

Tellers for the Noes, [{Jj; . } >75-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

and Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow-Morn-. ing. Nine of the Clock.

Mercuric 6° die Februtirii;

Anno 340 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1750.

Pk AY EItS.

Kramer's TV/I ^ayrePortec*f*r0<nl *he Committee, to whom the Nat. 1VI Bill for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Krauter was committed, Thatjhc Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Thames and Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, to whom the

J&s Naviga- Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the non. several Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Berks, Oxford,

Gloucester, and Wilts} whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Persons interfiled in the Navigation of the Rivers of Thames and Ifiss from the City of London, West ward, to the Town of Crick-lade, in the County of Wills, was referred, That the Commitrefc had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place ind afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table*' Where the same was read* and is as followed!; viz.

A. 1750.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of King James the First, for making the River Thames navigable for< Barges, Boats, and Lighters, from the Village of Bercotf in the County of Oxon, unto the University and City of Oxon: And also.

An Act passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty, for reviving an Act made in the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the said River of Thames, Westward, and for ascertaining the Races of Water-Carriage upon the said River: And also.

Several subsequent Acts; by which the said last mentioned Act had been continued till the id Day of June 17$ 1, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefo lion of Parliament* were severally read:

Whereby it appeared, that several Regulations were made by the said Acts, in regard to the Navigation of the said River; and the Power of the Commissioners, by the said Acts appointed, was extended as far as the Town of Cricklade, in the said County of Wilts.

Then the Committee examined Mr. Wm. Peace; who informed the Committee,

That he was a Barge-Master, and Inhabitant of the Towh of Reading; and has been employed in navigating Barges from thence to London for 40 Years last patl; during which time, the Banks in several Parcs of the River have beetl washed away; insomuch, that he knows several Places which w ere (in the Memory of the Witness) used for Paths for the Horses, and are now Ten Foot under Water: Thisobliges the Navigators to takefrelh Ground for their Towing-Paths; and the Owners of such Ground force them to pay what Sums they think proper, for the Liberty of Towing:

That he apprehends such Decay of the Banks is to be attributed to the Sett of the Stream, and not to the Track of the Horses, or Towing of the Barges.

That the Owners of Locks have rendered the Naviga- tion more dangerous, by letting the Sills, or Bottom of the Lock, Where the Tackle is fixed, in order to Unit? it, lie too high; and from not (hutting or drawing their Locks in a reasonable time:

That the Witness had a Barge in great Danger of sinking, about Six Weeks ago, by running against the Sill of a Lock; by which Ihe broke off all her Steerage: And other Barges have received considerable Damage at the same Place:

That the Lock, where this Damage was done, had been newly laid, and was placed higher up the Stream; and by that means was more prejudicial to the Navigation than formerly; though it had been always bad.

But, being aiked the Question, lie said, That the placing the Lock in <that manner was convenient for the adjacent Mills.

He further said. That the Barges now in Use draw no more Water than those -used 40 Years ago; that those Barges were as wide as the present, but not quite To long; and that the largest of the modern ones would carry 300 Quarters of Malt more than those Formerly used:

That the Barges draw four Foot Water; but by putting up what they call Wash-Boards, they can load them so as to draw Two Inches more; and he believes it has always been the Practice to put up Wash-boards; that he had them up at the time he received the Damage, as aforesaid; nor does he think the Navigation lafe without them; but at that time his Barge did not draw more than Four Foot Water; nor was it his largest Barge, he having One that would carry 1,400 Quarters of Malt; whereas that which was damaged, would carry no more than 900:

That 10 Quarters of Malt weigh about Twenty-Five hundred Weight; so that the largest Barges will carry 3,500 Weight, and are 125 or 126 Foot long, or thereabouts; but the length of the Barge does not render the Navigation more dangerous; on (he contrary, he appre-6 / hsnds

£b — 6° Fe

24 Geo. II.

6° Februarii.

3*

bends a short Barge to be in greater Danger than a long one:

That the Navigators pay greater Prices for passing the Locks, than formerly; that at the First Lock on the Thames at Sunning, the full-sized Vessels, which used to pay no more than j s. 6 d. now pay I2J. 6 d. and the idler Vessels in Proportion; that there has been nothing done to the Lock, to cause this increase of the Duty, it being rather in a worse Condition than formerly: But tinlel’s the Navigators will comply with the Demands of the Occupiers, the Matters of the Locks won’t supply them with Flalhes of Water in the dry Seasons.

Being asked the Question, he laid. That the Bargemen had lometimes sent their Servants to pen and draw the Locks, on such Occasions; but that those Proceedings were unwarrantable.

He further said. That a Barge would often lie aground, and other Barges running foul of her, would frequently obstruct the Navigation of the River; but if, when there 'arc many Barges in Company, they were obliged to keep in a right Line, one after another, it would prevent that Inconvenience:

That the Price of Water-Carriage is already advanced i s. for everyTwenty-five hundred Weight; whichisaboue 10 per Cent.: And if the said Act should not be continued, andfomefurtner Regulations made, it will be greatly detrimental to the Navigation of the said River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers of Thames and Isis, from the City of London, Wtftward to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Pcwney, Sir James Dashwood, Sir George Oxenden, the Lord Barrington, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Moreton, and Mr. Pye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay be-

Duty un fore this House, an Account of the annual gross Produce

Hops. of the Duty oh Hops, for Eleven Years lait-past, distin-gtiishing each Year, and each County: Asalfo, an Account of the increase, or Diminution, of the Plantation of Hops, in the several Years, and Counties, within that time: As likewise, an Account of the Number of Acres of Hop Grounds now in being, so far as the same hath been transmitted to them by their Collectors, or other their Officers, in the respective Counties where Hops are planted.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Liotard’s^c.

Nat.

Debtors

Petitions.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the BiH for naturalizing John Uotard, and Daniel Richard, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tfue; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be iogrofifed.

A Petition of the Prisoners Confined For Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read complaining.of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Af ican

suant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament; Settlements.

N°. i. Copy of a Letter from Captain Pye, of his Majesty’s Ship the Humber, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the itfth March, 1749.

2. Copy of a Leter from the Chiefs of the Blacks, at Cape Coajl, to Captain Pye, dated the 10th February,

1749.

3. Copy of a Letrer from Mr. Stockwell and Company, to Captain Pye, dated at Cape Coajl Castle, the 18 th January, 1749.’

4. Copy of a State, and Plan, of the African Company's Fort of Cape Coajl Castle.

5. Copy of aState, and Plan,of the African Company’s Fort of Whydab.

6. Copy of a State, and Plan, of the African Company’s Fort of Tantumquerry.

7. Copy of a State, and Plan, of the African Company’s Fort of Wtnnebah.

8. Copy of a State, and Plan, of the African Company’s Fort of Accra.

<9. Copy of a State, and Plan, of the African Company’s Fort of Succondee.

10. Copy of a State, and Plan, of the African Company’s Fort of Dick’s Core.

\ 11. Copy of a State, and Plan, of the African Com-

pany’s Fort of James, and I (land in the River Gambia.

1^. Copy of a State, and Plan, of the African Company’s Fort of Commenda.

13. Copy of the State and Condition of the Fort of Cape Coajl Castle, and of all the Forts in general.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Murray

Ways and Means.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane, reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Vol. a6.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Westmi&aer adjourned Consideration of that Part of the Charge made Election; to the House by,the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, Complaint which relates to the Honourable Alexander 1

Esquire;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of that Part of the said Charge.

And the High Bailiff, and the Counsel for Mr. Murray, were called in.

And the Charge of foe High Bailiff against the said Mr. Murray was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Charge of Peter Leigh, High Bailiff of Westmin-Jier, against the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire.

That the said Mr. Murray on foe 15th of May lad, being the Day of the Return of a Member for the City of Westminster, did, before the Return was made, come to the House of Mr. Baldwin, the Deputy High Bailiff, attended by a Mob; and then and there declared, in a menacing and insulting manner, that he, and a Thousand more, had sworn that the High Bailiff should make his Return in the Middle of Covent-Garden, and not in the Portico; that he was a Fool he had not ordered the Iron Rails before the Portico to be cut down foe Night before^ that he had advised with Counsel; that if he had done it, and had nottaken the Rails away, it would have been only a Trespass, and that fot 100I or 150/. they might

have


3*

66 Februarii.

A.

*75°'

Wefhmnltcr Election; Complaint against Mr* Murray*

have been made good again; and that, had it not been to humour some faint-hearted Fellow, it would have been done; or he used Words to chat or the like Elfed: And that the said Mr. Murray, soon after the Return was made, and while the said Peter Leigh, the Returning Officer, was in the Vestry-Room, appeared in Bedford-Street, near the said Vestry, and encouraged a Mob, or Multitude of People, there assembled, to proceed rp Acts of Violence against: the said Peter Leigh^ after which the said Mr. Murray went into Covent-Gatden Church Yard, at the Head of a large Mob, and did persuade the said Mob to break the Windows of the said Vestry; which they accordingly did, and endeavoured to break into the Vestry-Room, while the said Peter Leigh was in the Vestry-Room 5 and that soon afterwards as the said Peter Leigh, the Returning Officer, was going from the Vestry-Room to the House of the said Mr. Baldwin, the said Mr. Murray did, at the Head of a Mob, again endeavour to persuade them to Acts of Violence against the said Peter Leigh; saying, with Imprecations, " Will no body knock the Dog down? u will no body kill the Dog i" or Words to that Effed; and that a few Days after, the said Mr. Murray avowed his said wicked Designs; and declared, that if his Advice had been followed, the High Bailiff durst not have returned Lord Trent bam; for that he, the said Mr. Murray, would have had the Rails tore down, and laid the Portico open, and then the High Bailiff durst not have returned Lord Trenthami or he used Words to that or the like Effect.

Pr. Leigh.

" Will no bod/ kill the Dogr" 01 Words to that £ffed;

The House divided j The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, J

(Mr. Thomas Gore:

r

10.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being rhade, and the Question being proposed. That the said Alexander Murray be, for his said dangerous and seditious Practices, in Violation and Contempt of the Authority and Privileges of this House, and of the Freedom of Elections, committed clofc Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " dole;"

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House, of the Twenty-third Day of February, 1741, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, for the Punishment of William Myddeltm Esquire, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Word cf close* Hand part of the Question

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, J ^0rd£"‘

9 ( Mr. El/ts;

1169.

S2‘

And the High Bailiff examined One Witness, in Support of the said Charge.

And then the High Bailiff, the Counsel, and the said Witness, were directed to withdraw.

The High Bailiff, and the Counsel, were again called

in.

And the High Bailiff examined several other Witnesses, in Support of the Charge.

And having gone through his Evidence;

The Counsel for Mr. Murray were heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Answer to the said Charge.

And the High Bailiff was heard, by way of Reply.

And the said Mr. Murray was heard at the Bar.

And then the High Bailiff, Mr. Murray, and the Counsel, were directed to withdraw*

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it appears to this House, that the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire, on the 15th Day of May last, being the Day of the Return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the City of Westminster, attended by a Mob, did, before the Return was made, come to the House of Mr. Baldwin, the Deputy High Bailiff of the said City, and then and there declared, in a menacing and insulting manner, that he, and a Thousand more, had {worn that the High Bailiff should make his Return in the Middle of Covent-Garden, and not in the Portico; that he was a Fool he had not ordered the Iron Rails before the Portico to be cut down the Night before; that he had advised with Counsel; that if he had done it, and had not taken the Rails away, it would have been only a Trespass, and that for 100l. or 150/. they might have been made good again; and that, had it not been to humour some fainthearted Fellow, it would have been done; or Words to that Effect: And that the said Alexander Murray, immediately after the Return was made, appeared in Covent-Garden Church-Yard, while the Returning Officer was in the Vestry, near the Place where the Return was made, at the Head of a Mob, who appeared to be on the Part of Sir George Vandeput-, and did then utter Words, exciting and inflaming the said Multitude to assault and murder the Raurning-Officers and that afterwards, as the Return-

THfc- forth. N.«,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " his Majesty’s Gao! u of Newgate" and inserting the Words tf the Tower of " London," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate" stand Parc of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Alexander Murray be, for his said dangerous and seditious Practices, in Violation and Contempt of the Authority and Privileges of this House, and of the Freedom of Eledions, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That

the said Alexander Murray be now brought to the Bar

of this House, to receive his Sentence there, upon his

Knees;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth 2

r-r* r . v $ Sir John Mordaunt.

Tellers for the Yeas,?


163.

ing-Officer was going away, the said Alexander,

(Mr. ‘Tracy

Tellers for the Noes, I *>-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

He was brought in accordingly; and by Mr. Speaker directed to kneel.

And he having refused to be upon his Knees, as required by the said Resolution;

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, That it having been resolved by this House, that the said Alexander Murray should receive, upon his Knees, at the Bar of this House, the said Sentence of this House against him; and he having, in a most infolenr and audacious Manner, at the Bar of this House, abfoiuccly refused to be upon his Knees, as required by the said Refutation, is guilty of a high and most dangerous Contempt of the Authority and Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Alexander Murray be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, in order

persevering in his wicked Purposes, did, at the Head of the to his forth-coming to abide such Orders as shall be made said Mob, again incite them to Acts of Violence; saying by this House, in relation to his said Contempt, with Imprecations,of Will no body knock the Dog clown ! Ordered, That the said Alexander Murray, while in the

' ’ > ' *..... said

24 Geo. II. 6° — 8°

33

said Gaol (by virtue of the said Order) be not allowed the Use of Pen, Ink, or Paper; and that no Person be admitted to have Access unto him, without the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to Confide^ and report to the House, what Methods may be proper to be taken by the House, in relation to the said Contempt:

And a Committee was appointed, of Sir Wm. Yongeu9 Lord Dupplin, Mr. Legge, Colonel Lyttelton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cust, Mr. Robinson* Colonel *fownJhend) Lord Howe, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fane, Lord Harrington, Sir Richard Uoyd\ Mr. Plumptre, Alderman Baker, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Charles Fownjhend, Sir Francis Drake, Colonel 7'orke, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Proby, M r. Lowndes, M r. John Gore, Colonel Madan, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. ArimdeU, Mr. Sandys; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. a6«

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit, notwithstanding afiy Adjournment of the House.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Yhurjday Morning, half an Hour after one of the Clock, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Februarii J

Anno 24° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

V/IR. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their Surplusses A Address to his Majesty, Surplusses dated at Lady-day 1750: And also,

Surplusses dated at Michaelmas, 1750L And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The Abdradt of the said Surplusses dated at Lady-day, 1750, is as followeth; viz.


D

cq'

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

eg

FT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund -

To Surplus-Momeaarifen in the Half-Year ended at Lady-day 1750; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 1.

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Fo. %. Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 3.

Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and undervalued, brought to this Fund, pursuant to the Act 11° Georgii Jmi, Page 146

To Monies granted out of the Supply, 1750, for the Purposes following, per

Act 23d Georgii IT1, Page 418 and 419; viz

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Stamp-Duties at Christmas 1748 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1749 "*

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines, at Mtdsummer 1749 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1749 To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel, on Sweets, or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1749 To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to answer a Year’s Interest, due at Michaelmas 1749, after the Race of 3/. 10s. per Cent, per Ann. on the principal Sum of a Million, lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which Vi ere continued for Six Years from Lady-day 1757, towards the Supply of the Year 1745 _ \ 35,000 o o

iff-

£ S. d.

191,419 18 8i

28,079 7 6

192,223 8i

— 18 7

L s. d.

f»l83 *7 8

5 >72+ 3 9

7,196 4 5

21,564 2 io£

13.361 10 1

Per Contra -

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Christmas 1749, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent. on the principal Sum of 6oo,oco/. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii IIdi, Page 492, in that Behalf By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Lady-day 1750, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, on the principal Sum of 300,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act 11° Georgii IP1, Page 642, in that Behalf By the Uffier of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying the aforesaid Annuities - -

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Christmas' 1749* being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent. on the principal Sum of 8co,oooo/. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 15° Georgii IIdi, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Allowance, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf -By Cash, taken to answer Half a Year’s Interest, due at Lady day 1750, being after the Rate of 4/. per Cent. per Ann. on the principal Sum of 3,072,472/.

10 d. the Amount of the Navy, Transporcs, and Victualling Bills, and Ordnance Debentures subscribed for Annuities chargeable on this Fund, pursuant to the Act 22* Georgii Ildi, Page 515, in that Behalf

By Caffi, taken to answer Half a Year’s interest, due at Lady-day 1750, being after the Rate of 3/. ior. per Cent, per Atm. on the principal Sum of 1 >000,oqo/. lent on Credit of the Salt-Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year 1745* pursuant to the Act 180 Georgii IIdi$ which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 212, in that Behalf

By Cash, caken in full of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1749, pursuant to the Act 22° Georgii

11 \ Page 867, in that Behalf -

By Cash, taken in PartoF 900,000l. for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act 23* Georgii Jidi, Page 403 and 404, »n that Behalf -

iff.

4*

£ d.

9.000 o o

4,500 o o 67 1 5

12.000 o o

00

225 o or o

I*

61,449 8 gi

1:

17,50a o o

130.7S3 19 ici

364,158 13 3}

599*75+ 3 S

- k

fir

This being the Five and Fiftieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9* Im!, Page 367, is humbly presented, this Eighth Day of February 1750, by me,.

The Abstract of the said Surpluses, dated at Michaelmas 1750, is as followed,

7. Scrcte. Lr,

O

t*

KJ

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund,

To Surplus Monies arisen in tke Half-Year ended at Miehoelmat 1750} Surplui of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 1.

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 2. Surplui of the.General Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 3*

£ 355*29 3M7S *37*971

8

7i

604,679. 16 8{

D

cq'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

c§

FT

1

Per Contra? ....

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1750.' being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, ter Annum, on the principal Sum of 6co,oooo/..lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act g° Georgii JIdl, Page 492, in that Behalf -

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due Michaelmas 1750, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent. per Ann. on the principal Sum of 300,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act il° Georgii Ildl, Page 64a, in that Behalf - -

By the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necefiarics furuished the Office, for paying the aforesaid Annuities By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Midsummer, 1750, being after the Rate of 31, per Cent, per Ann. on the principal Sum of 800,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742,

pursuant to the Act 150 GeorgiillAi, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf....

Bythe Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf -By Cacti, taken to answer Half a Year’s Interest, due at Michaelmas 1750, being after the Rate of 41, per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 3,072,472/. 10d. the Amount of the Navy, Transports, and Victualling Bills and Ordnance Debentures subscribed for Annuities chargeable on this Fund, pursuant to the Act 22" Georgii Iidi, Page 515, in that Behalf -

By Cash, taken to answer Half a Year’s Interest, due at Michaelmas, 1750, being after the Rate of 3/. 10s. per Cent, per Ann. on the principal Sum of i,oooo,oco/. lent on Credit of the Salt Dudes, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year 1743, pursuant to the Act 180 Georgii lldi; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 21a, in that Behalf ——

By Cacti, taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 6d. per Ounce oa wrought Plate, at Lady day 1750, pursuant to the Act of 6° Georgii Iui, Page 294, in that Behalf -

By Cacti, taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp-Duties, at Christmas 1749, pursuant to the Act 4° Georgii Iidi, in that Behalf; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the Firit Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 464 -

By Cacti, t/iken to make good the Deficiency of the Dudes payable to his Majesty for Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day. 1750, pursuant to the Act 190 Georgii Udi, to answer 4/. per Cent, per Annum, Interest on 986,80c/. charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 16r, in that Behalf ——

By Cacti,. taken to make good the Deficiency of the addiuonal Dudes on Wines, zi Midsummer 1750, pursuant to the Act 18° Georgii II*1, to answer Annuities on single Lives, and other Annuities, at 3/. per Cent, per Ann. on 2,000,000l. charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 358, in that Behalf - -

By Cacti, taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1750, pursuant to the Act 19° Georgii IIdl, to answer Annuities at 4/. per Cent, per Ann. on 3,000,0001, charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sicking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 291 and 292, in that Behalf - -

By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweet9, or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1750, to answer 3/ per Cent, ptr Ann. Interest, on 500.000l. charged ' thereupon, pursuant to the Act 10° Georgii Udi; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 351, in that Behalf -By Cacti, taken to make good the Deficiency of the Rates and Dudes upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Michaelmas 1750, to answer Annuities at 4/. per Cent, per Annum, on 4,400,000l. charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 20° Georgii IIdl; which Sura is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament as per Clause in the said Act, page 142, in that Behalf ——

By Cacti, taken to make good the Deficiency at Michaelmas 1750, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes, imported into this Kingdom since the ill of March 1747, to answer Annuidcs at 4/. per Cent, per Ann. on 6,930,000l. charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 210 Georgii Ildl; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 66, in that Behalf By Cacti, taken in further Part of 900,000l. for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act 23° Georgii Udi, Page 403 and 404, in that Behalf -

This being tbf Six and Fiftieth Half-yearly Accost, made of pursuant to the Act ‘90 Georgii I®1* Page 367, is humbly presented, this Eighth Day of February 1 750, by me*

£ s. d.

9,000 0 0

4,500 142 0 0 6 10

12,000 0 0

225 0 0

61.449 S 9}

17,500 o o. 3,764 18 9

6,461 1 1

7,880 17 I

4,59216 9

30,422 6 3.

2

70,097 14 8

5 59 12 7l

34»549 11

624,679 16 Si

J. Scrope.

Cn

24 Geo. II. 8°

Stamford,

&c.

Road*.

3$

8° FebruariL

A. 1750.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The laid Surpluttcs are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Sherard Wimberley, Post-Master of Post Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and others, whose Names are thereunto set, being Inhabitants, Land-Owners, an<d Occupiers of Land there, was presented to the House, and read* setting forth. That by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln; alleging, that the same is the ancient and great Northern Road, arid common Post Road, the Commissioners therein named are impowered to erect Turnpikes, and take certain stipulated Tolls of all Traveller?, Carriages, and Cattle, passing through the fame, towards the Repair of the said Road; and to the End that no Dispute might arise, touching what Part of the Road, intended to be repaired, should be first amended, the Trustees were to order and direct the Road, from a certain Place or Close called Butchers Piece, on Wish am Common, and so through the said Common to the North End of Stretton Lane (being the most ruinous), to be repaired in the first place; and after such Part of the Road shall be sufficiently amended, the Trustees, cr any Seven or more of them, are impowered and required to order and direct the Money, arising by the said Act, to be laid out and applied in repairing the other Parts of the said Roads; and that the Money arising from such Toils has not only hitherto been insufficient for the Repair of the said ancient and great Northern Road, and common Post Road, but even fallen short for a sufficient Repair of that Part of it only from Butchers Piece, on Witham Common, to Stretton Lane\ and that Pattengers travelling with Coaches, Chaises, or on Horseback, go daily upon the Common both Winter and Summer, equally the same as before any Turnpikes were erected, to the great Loss and Damage of the Petitioners, and all ocher the Inhabitants of Post Witham aforesaid; and that Post Witham is, and always has been, the Post Road, and the Post Office kept there by the Petitioner Sherard Wimberley, and his Ancestors, ever since the first Commencement of it; and thactheBu-finess there is very considerable, the said Petitioner having a great many Letters to disperse about the Country to -Gentlemen of Distinction and large Fortunes, with Six Mails every Week, Three of which are always in the Dead of the Nights, and cannot be carried without both Hazard and Difficulty, which, notwithstanding the Petitioner’s greatest Care, must sometimes occasion Delays in his Majesty’s Business, besides other Lottes and Inconveniencies, for want of some Repair of the Post Road, which has hitherto been done nothing at, save only what the Petitioners have been able to do by a Levy, laid yearly for that Purpose, and Four Days Statute-Work out of Six; the Petitioner, and all other the Inhabitants of Post Witham aforesaid, have been obliged to work Two Days yearly upon that Road leading from Butchers Piece^ on Witham Common, to Stretton Lane End aforesaid, to their great inconveniencies and Hardships: And therefore pFaying, That a sufficient Part of the said Tolls may be appropriated towards the Repair of that Part of the ancient great Northern Road, and common Post Road, which leads through Post Witham aforesaid, and has hitherto been n.eglefted; and that, in case of an Application to the House, for an Enlargement of Term and Tolls, and a Law is made to establishthe fame, that such Word's may be inserted in such new Act, as more plainly to declare that Part of the ancient great Northern Road, and common Post Road, leading through the Village of Pbftr Witham aforesaid, to be Parc of the Road intended to b$ amended; and that a Sum sufficient (to be raised out of the said Tolls) may be immediately applied to that Purpose, and a Clause inserted for the speedy Repair thereof;, and that the House will give Limits and Bounds, a*. to>

the House shall seem most convenient, for the Road made over the said Cow-Commons of the Petitioners, that they may not entirely lose the fame, or otherwise aft in the Premifea, as to the House shall seem most equitable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the i 2th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual, is committed; and that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fempeft have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. AbfeiKe#

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Way* and Wednesday last, for receiving, Yefterduy, the Report from WcaUi' the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, might be read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Fane accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his PJacey and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foJlowech; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-third Year or his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1751, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* from the 23d Day of June 1751 to the 24th Day of June *7$2-

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Mr*.Faney Mr. Westy Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell oL Calder, Mr. Grenvilky Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Scrope> do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and that Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Thomas Goret% do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Army r Mutiny and Dciertion.

Ordered, That the Lord Elibankhzve Leave to resort to £cavc g|rnt his Brother, the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire, to comraom-now a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate > com- cate Wltil mitted to the said Gaol by an Order of this House. Mr‘ Murra>'-

The House being informed. That a Person from rife Keeper of Newgate attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the Mr. Murray House, That the said Mr. Murray is ill, and dcfircs that desires the a Physician and an Apothecary may have Leave to resort to him; And that the Name of the Apothecary is Cooke; Assistance. and that the Name of the Physician he did not know, but had sent to esquire.

And then he wixhdiew.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Liotard and Liotard’s,*c. Daniel Richard, was read the Third time. Nat.

Refolvsd; That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing John Liotard and Daniel Richard.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords> and desire their Concurrence-

; The

24 Geo. II.

8° — ir° Februarii.

37

The House being informed. That the Physician desired by the said Mr. Murray to attend him, was Doctor La-mond i

Ordered, That the said Doctor Laritond, and the said Mr. Cooke, have Leave to resort to the said Mr. Murray in the said Gaol.

Westminster The House was moved. That the Order, made upori Election. Monday the 4th Day of this instant February, for hearing, Yesterday, at the Bar of this House, the Matters of the Petition of the several BurgefiVs and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, and of the Petition of Sir George Vandepul Baronet, federally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Westminster, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard at the bar of chis House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve iifclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ihcn the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednifday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce u° die;

Anno 24* Georgii II-1 Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

Lavington, A federal Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

&c. JlIl and other Persons, living in and near the Road lead-Road.. ing from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend.y in the County of Wilts,vj?is presented ro the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road (being Nine Miles, or thereabouts), by reason of the Soil thereof, and of many heavy Carriages frequently paflingthrough the fame, is become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are almost impassable for Wheel Carriages, and also for Horses laden, to the great Prejudice of the Woollen Manufactorics: And therefore, in regard the Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm (for repairing the Highways), be effectually amended and kept in Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, praying, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill, for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as k shall appear to them, to the Houie.

V01. 26.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mitchell,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr, Geo. Townshend, Mr Fane, Mr.

Kynaston, Colonel Leighton, Mr Willes, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Garth, Mr. Pro by, Mr. Hir-dinge, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Laroche, Sir John Cufl, Mr, Hamilton, Mr. Pytts, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Powney, Sir Wm Codrington, General Onslow, Mr. Colleton, Mr Locke,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Boone, Mr. Rowney,

Mr. Beagban, Mr. Morris, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Knightley, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Townshend, Lord Luxborough,

Mr. Ridley, Admiral Vernon, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr.

Trencbard; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mf.Hordinge be added to the Gen- Thames and demen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Isis Naviga- Bill for the better carrying on and regulating the Navi- "on. gation of the Rivers of Thames and Isis, from the City of London, West ward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according to Army; mu. Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and tiny and Defer the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: ft«ion.

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according toOrder^ Supply Bills, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Malt Duties. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one i And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town-Council, and Queensferty, orher Inhabitants, of the Burgh of Zpueensferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and of the Freeholders, Heretors, °a and others, residing and having Interest near and adjoining to the said Burgh, whose Names are thereunto fob-joined, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the said Burgh of Quecnsferry to Cramond Bridge is very much frequented by Travellers from the Northern and Western Parts of Scotland towards Edinburgh; and that the same is now become so bad and ruinous, that it is extremely difficult for all Wheel Carriages, and even dangerous for Persons travelling on Horieback; and that the ordinary Means, already provided by the Laws now in force in that Parc of the United Kingdom called Scotland, have proven in-effectual for putting the said Road into fofficient Repair:

And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Haldane, Sir Wm. Tonge,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Salusbury, Sir John Cust, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Turner, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Hill, Sir John Peachey, Lord Egmont, Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Mitchell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Plumptre, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fairfax, General Campbell, Lord Hobart, Lord Barrington, Mr. Thornton,

Mr. Myddelton, Lord Parker, Mr. Neale, Mr. Geo.

Townshend, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Willes,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Lyfier,

Mr. Locke, Mr. Thomas Pitti Mr. Dowdeswell\ Mr. Hot.

Walpole, Mr. Taylor, Mr, Willey, Lord Geo. Sackville,

L Sir

Edinburgh

Roads.

Account of Ships in Commission.

Supply.

38

11

12

Februarii.

j. 1750.

Sir Francis Poole\ and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the* Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the justices of Peace of the Shire of Edinburgh, met at their Quarter-Sessions by Adjournment the 21 ft January 1751, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads and Highways, leading through the County of Edinburgh to the City of Edinburgh, are become deep and ruinous, and in many Places impastable for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, and even dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback 3 and that the same cannot be put in sufficient Repair by the ordinary Means, already provided by the Laws in Force in that Parc of the United Kingdom, called Scotland, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee 5 and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Andrew Mitchell, Mr. Colic* ton, Mr. Ker, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hill, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. West, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Torke, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Willey, Sir Robert Long, Sir John Turner, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Drax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Fane, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Torke, Mr. Powney, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Willes, Mr. Mel/ish, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Elliot, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Neale, Mr. Cary, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Northey, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Martin, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Laroche, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. An-Jon; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

TheLord Barrington (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Ships and Vessels of War have been in Commission from the ill of April 1749 to the ift of November 1750; dist their Rates and Number of Men.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

OrderedyThzt the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved u.nongst the other Papers of this Session.

Staff Officers for his Majesty’s Land Forces for the Year 17J1.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be recommitted.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

~ n c u xT ( Lord Geo. Sackville,

Tellers for the Noes, JMr

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

88.

s

}*°s

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock.

till To* morrow

Martisy 1 2° die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750. Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of the Prisoners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, confined for Debt in the County Gaol of Montgomery, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committee*.

Debtors Petition.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-six thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 17 51.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty for the Pay of the General and

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, LudlowRoad. of the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and of several Freeholders, Landholders, and others, residing in or near the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Road, leading from the said Town of Ludlow, through fVoferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County of Salop (being the great Road from Ludlow to the City of Worcester)’, and also the high Road, leading from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orlton, in the great Road from Ludlow to the City of Hereford; is in many Places thereof very ruinous, and much out of Repair, and in the Winter Season is so very bad that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the same without great Difficulties and Dangers; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course of the Laws now in being, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hawkins Brown, Mr. Bod-ville, Mr Torke, Mr Lloyd, Mr Gore, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. WilkinJon, Mr. Fane, Lord Deerhurst, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Morton, Mr. Pytts, Sir Robert de Cornwall, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Townshend, Colonel Leigh, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fellowes, Colon 1 Leighton, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Ly/ler, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mydde.ton, Mr. C cks,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Legge, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Wigley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cary, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Medlicat, Mr. Neale, Mr. Compton, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Jodrell, Sir Cor del Firebrace,

Mr. Carmichael-, and all che Members who serve for the

Counties

24 Geo. II. 120

Counties of Salop, Hereford, Worcester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Honey or. Mr. Legge (Treasurer of the Navy) presented to the NavalHouse, purluanc to their Order, An Account of what iices. Money has been ordered by the Commissionc rs for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and received by the Treasurer of the Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st December 174J to the 3111 December 1750, dilVmguishing the Times when toe same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by che Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

tater’s An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Kraukr was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Krauter.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Februarii. 39

Refohed) That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes be added to the Gentle- Thames and men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill IfisNaviga-for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation tion* of the Rivers of Thames and Isis, from the City of London,

West ward,to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts*

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Army;Mu-the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was tiny an<* De-read a Second time. fmion*

Refohed\ That the Bill be committed.

Refohed) That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,.That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to in- Offices and demnify Persons, who have omiited to qualify themselves Employ-for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by mcm8*

Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

And that Sir William Tenge and Mr. Bayntun do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

T. Smith’s A Petition of Thomas Panuwell, heretofore called Tho-Name. mas Smith, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Thomas Panuwell, late of Tunbridge, in the County of Kent, Esquire, deceased, made his lad Will and Testamcnr, bearing Dare on or about the 17th Day of January 17495 and thereby, after giving several pecuniary Legacies, gave, devised,. and bequeathed, all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Tunbridge and Speldburst, in the said County, and all and every his real and perform! Eft ate, in the Kingdom of England) to Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to support the contingent Estates, in his said Will limited; and then gave, devised, and bequeathed, all the before-mentioned Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premiies, to the Petitioner, for and during the Term of his natural Life, and from and after the Determination of that Estate, to the First and other Sons of the Petitioner, lawfully begotten, severally and successively, and of the Heirs Male of the Body or Bodies of such First or other Sons reflectively issuing, the elder of such Sons, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take before the younger, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and, for want of such Ifilie, to the First or other Daughters of the Petitioner, lawfully begotten, ieverally and successively, the elder and her Heirs to take before the younger and her Heirs; and did exprelsly direct and appoint, that the Petitioner, and the Heirs ol his Body, should, when they respectively were inPossession of the said Estates, take and use the Surname of Panuwell) in all Deeds and Writings, and on all Occa-, fions whatsoever, and should also endeavour to fix and

establish the same by an Act of Parliament; and that, since the Death of the Testator, the Petitioner, in Gratitude to him, and in Compliance with, and in Performance of, his said Will, hath taken upon himself and used the Surname of Panuwell, and is desirous that the Surname, and also che Arms, of Panuwell, should be established upon him and the Heirs of his Body, by an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. lyjler and Mr. Pytts do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

5 Hjpply Bill; A Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-- i ^Duties. tajn Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and j: Fifty-one, was read a Second time.

| Refclvcd) That the Bill be committed,

i J Refohed) That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

'! VOL. 26.

Otdered) That Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Dan- Laws re-vers Ofbome, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Luxborough, spe&ingFe- Mr. Mellifo; and all the Members who serve for the lon*es’ Counties of Middlesex and Surry, be added to the Committee, who are appointed to revile and consider the Laws in being which relate to Felonies, and other Offences against the Peace; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment of the said Laws.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report ^aws. their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Salusbury, Sir John Cujl> Sir John Turner, Mr. Torke,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gray, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Finney, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hay, Dr. Lee,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Townshend, Lord Inc biquin, Mr.

Tracy, Sir Francis Drake, Mr Oswald, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Hunter, Mr. Bathurji, Lord Lipierick, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Walpole, Mr Charles Townshend,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Fellow es, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Comptroller, Mr, Medlicott, Sir John Saville, Mr. Anson, Mr. Neale, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Powney, Lord Gage, Colonel Boc-land, Mr. Ly/ier, Com. Mitchell, Mr. Boone, Mr. Mar-ton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Lynch Cotton,

Colonel Griffin, Mr. Torke-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of Westminster the City and Liberty of Westminster, who petitioned this Ele lon’ House on behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Westminster, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition.

Ordered, That the Order made for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the said Petition, be discharged.

Ordered, That Sir George Vandeput Baronet, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Keturn for the said City.

Ordered, That the Order made for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the said Petition, be discharged.

Ordered,


Lavington,

See.

Road.

St. Alban’s Road.

12° — 130

40

Ordered, That the Order made for hearing, at the Bar of this House, this Day, the Matters of the said Petitions, be discharged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii* 130 die Februarii }

Anno 240 Georgii lldi Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in and near the Road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz, *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for^ repairing the Road leading from West Lavington, to Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the Chuntf of Wilts-, and that Sir Robert Long, Mr. Popham, Mr. Garth, and Mr. Willy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, whose Names are there-!-unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, appointed to put in Execution, an Act, made in the First Year of che Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways through the Parishes of St, Michael, St, Alban, St, Peter, Shenly, Ridge, and South Minims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and also an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing and making more effectual the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The before-mentioned Acts of Parliament were produced; whereby it appeared, that by the firtt-mencioned Act, several Toils and Powers were granted for the Term of ai Years; and, by the Second Act, were continued from the Expiration thereof for the farther Term of 21 Years.

Mr. John Smith, Treafupr to the said Trustees, being examined, said. That to answer the Intentions of the said Acts, the Trustees borrowed upwards of 1,700l. upon the Credit of the said Tolls; which had been duly applied, together with the Tolls, in repairing the said Roads:

Then he produced an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements for Seven Years past; whereby it appeared, that the Money, now due on the Credit of the Tolls, amounts to 1,180/. as also a Debt owing for Materials, and for Work done upon the Roads, amounting to above 550/.; so that the whole Debt now due and owing is 1,73°/.

Mr. Wm. Kentish, Surveyor of the said Roads, being examined, said, That many Parts of the said Highways are in a ruinous Condition, by reason of the great N umber of Waggons and Carriages continually puffing thereon: And both the Witnesses further said. That che said Highwigs cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, aiSf the Tkbt paid off, unless same of the Tolls be enlarged, and further Powers given to oblige the Inhabitants

A, 1750.

of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads lead, to scour their Ditches, and to do their Statute-work thereon, and the Term further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by Two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St, Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenly, Ridge, and South Mimms, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and that Mr. West, Sir Peter Fbompfon, Mr. Charles Gore, and Mr. Hale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Povtney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation 01 the Rivers of Thames and Jfis, from the City of London, Westward, to the Town of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts \ and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, be now read.

And the lai^ Order being read accordingly; Qr44ttd,j£%9it it be an Instruction to the said Com-}ittee*. T{|Jfe they have Power tp receive a Clause of wre$T

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1751, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1749, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1751.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment! thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Heath Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Richard Duke, late of Otterton, in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, did, in and by his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date the Thirty-first Day of March 1736 (amongst other Bequests and Devises), give, devise, limit, and appoint unto, or to the Use of the Petitioner, his Nephew, all his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and real Estate whatsoever, for Life, Remainder to the First, and every other Son of the Petitioner, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; provided that the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, respectively, when he or they should respectively come to the Possession of his said Estate, or any Parc thereof, by virtue of the Limitation aforesaitl, should, from time to time, and at all times thenafter, rake upon him and them respectively the Surname of Duke, and also bear the Arms of the Family of Duke, of Otterton; and should, in all Deeds and Writings, Letters and Instruments, set and subscribe his and their Surname Duke, and be called and known by that Name, and not by any other Surname whatsoever; and that the said Richard Duka is fmee dead; and the Petitioner did, by virtue of his said Will, enteiycto and upon the Premilcs, so devifecj to him as aforefa*Bhd is now failed and polLffed thereof, and is desirous cnatthe Surname and Arms of Duke may be con^ firmed on him, and his issue Male, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for chat Purpose*

13 Ordered,

241

iA

fcnio

Secret

scan

«lP

/ifcif

inwl

(fie

Ilf

ftnn

Thames and gib Ills Navig*. £ uon.

Supply Bin5 Male Duties,

Heath’s

N&itie.

24 Geo. II.

13° — 140

4i

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Huntingdon A Petition of the Inhabitants of several Towns, Parishes,

Und Tax. anc] p|aces> within the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Mr. Philip Chapman was, for many Years, General-Receiver of the Land and Window Tax for the said County, before Lady-day 1747; and having acted as such from Lady-day 1747, until after the next Michaelmas following, the Petitioners did, as they thought they might safely do, pay to the said Philip Chapman the several Sums of Money set against the several Towns, Parishes, and Places, thereunder written, on account of the Land and Window Tax for that Year, the same having been first demanded of them by the said Philip Chapman, as Receiver-General at that time; but that the Petitioners have been lince well informed that the said Philip Chapman then imposed upon the Petitioners, and received such Sums of Money as aforesaid, without any Warrant or proper Appointment, and that the present General Receivers of the Land and Window Tax for the said County, have returned the Petitioners in Arrear, into his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, for the same Sums of Money which were paid by the Petitioners to the said Philip Chapman as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Hardships of their same into due Considerajjon,iandgrai^ them such Relief, as to the House shall feenr meets so is the Petitioners may be exonerated from such Sums of Money, returned in Arrear as aforesaid.

OrderedThat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Proby, Mr. Pitt9 Mr. Fel-kvoes, Mr. Grenville, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Trentbam, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Edward Leering, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Powney, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Laroche, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Amyand, Lord Parker, Mr. /Jay, Admiral Byng, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mitchell, Lord Bourne, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Bap. Lev. Gower, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Hodgskinfon, Mr. Pytts, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. fVodehouse, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hardinge, General Oghthorpe, Lord Gage, Mr. Tracy, Wit. Lowndes, Mr. Heath, Lord Barrington, Mr. Cooke, Captain SaUnders, Admiral Townshend', Mr. Andrew Mitchell, Mr. Tor he. Mr. Comptroller; and all the Members who serve for the County of Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

l«aTcgiven ^ere^y That the Honourable- Mrs. Helen Murray, tocoaunu- have leave to resort to her Brother. Mr. Murray, now a ihtewith Prisoner in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, committed to Kr.Murrajr., say Qaoj by an Order of this House.

Ordered, That a Nurse, and another Servant, be admitted to be with the said Mr. Murray in the la id Gaol.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 26.

L

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General St. Clair, Mr. Muir, Committee Mr. Stewart, Mr. Ker, be added to the Committee of of Privileges,

Privileges and Elc&ions.

Uc.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 140 die Februarii\ Anno 240 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1750. Prayers.

MR Fane, according to Order, reported from the SupplyBilf;

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Duties. - Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time,one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wayjand The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Menu. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, crickfeyHill, Inhabitants of the Towns of Burford and Witney, in the Ac. Road. County of Oxford, and of other Parishes and Places in the same Counry, and in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Towns of Burford and Witnessare very considerable Market and Trading Towns, where large Corn Markets are weekly kept, and where, and in the Places thereto adjacent, a very useful and profitable Branch of the clothing Manufacture is, and for many Years past hath been, carried on; and that the Road leading from the Top of Crickley Hill in die Parish of Coberley, in the County of Gloucester, to a certain. Place in the same County, commonly called Frogg-Mill, and from therice over certain Common Fields and Downs in the Counties of Gloucester and Oxford, to and through the said Towns of Burford and Witney, and so on through the Parishes of Handborough and Bladen in the same County, into the great Road, leading from Wood-flock to Oxford, at a Place commonly called Campsfield', in the Parish of Kidlington, in the said County of Oxford, is Part of the great direct and nearest Road for Coaches,

Waggons, and other Carriages, from divers Parts gf South Wales, and from the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford, and from the City of Gloucester, and divers Places in the County of Gloucester, to the City of Oxford, and so on to the City of London; and that the Road from Hereford to Gloucester, and from thence to the Top of Crickley Hill aforesaid, and from the said Place called Camps-field, to the City of Oxford, have been, and are, put and kept in Repair by virtue of several Acts of Parliament heretofore for those Purposes made; but chat the said Road f rom the Top of Crickley Hill aforesaid to the said Place called Camptfield, is become so very deep and ruinpus, as to be M almost


4 2

v almost impassable for Coaches, Wnggons, and other Carriages, and very tedious and dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback; and chat the same cannot be put into sufficiem Repair by the Means already provided by the Laws of the Realm, or without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in aBiil for repairing the said Road, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And chit they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir James Dashwood\ Mr. Morton, Mr. Powney, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lysler, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Trcncbard, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Danvers OS-born, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pitt, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Barry, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Torkc, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Pye, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Thomas Pitt,^Colonel Leighton, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Carmichael, Mr, Compton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Tbmhagb, Lord Egmont, Mr. Neale, Mr. harbor, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Willes, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gray, Mr Hay, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Marton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Greathead; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Oxford, Gloucester, and Berks: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five... of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Haaghton's A Petition of James Langston, lately called James Name. Haugbton, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That James Langston, late Citizen and Vintner, of London, made his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 5th Day of June 17505 and after having given and bequeathed several Annuities and pecuniary Legacies to several Persons, therein named, he gave, devised, and bequeathed, all the rest, Residue, and Remainder, of his Goods, Chattels, Estate, and Effects whatsoever and wheresoever, not therein or thereby otherwise disposed of, unto the Petitioner, by the Name and Description of his Nephew Jatoes Haugbton, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for ever 5 and, in Consideration thereof he thereby directed that the Petitioner his Nephew should, within certain Months next after his the said Testator’s Death, take upon him, and use, the Testator’s Surname of Langston, instead of his Surname of Haughtoni and that the Petitioner should bear the Family Arms of Langston, instead of those of Haugbton 5 and fhotild, with all convenient Speed, after the said Testator’s Death, use his Endeavours to procure an Act of Parliament for the doing thereof 1 and he made the Petitioner foie Executor and residuary

Legatee of his said Will; and that the said Testator, James Langston, died soon after the making the said Will, and the Petitioner duly proved the fame, and hath, ever since the Dfeath of the Testator, and in Compliance with, and Conformity to, the Directions in his laid Will, taken upon himself and used the Surname of Langston $ and isde-firous that the said Surname of Langston, and the Arms of that Family, may be established in him and his Heirs for ever, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought irt for enabling him and his Heirs to use the Surname, and bear the Family Arms, of Langston, pursuant to the Will of the said James Langston, his Uncle.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, Belcbier and Sir William Calvert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

debtors Pe- . A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in his

n* Majesty’s Prison of the Marshalsea, in behalf of them-

selves, and ail other Prisoners for Debt, within the several

A. 1750.

Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Bill to pro-granting certain Privileges to poor married Persons, to Mar-promote Marriage, for the Increase of his Majesty’s rnSe-Subjects: And that Mr. Hay and Mr. Nugent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Or- Foreign Pro-der, a Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants: And the tdliIUS Nat. same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir William Tenge, from the Committee who were ap- Report on pointed to conhder, and report to the House, what Me- the Con-thods may be proper to be taken by the House, in relation il!r'

to the Contempc of the Honourable Alexander Murray urr ' Esquire; who being, in pursuance of a Resolution of this House, brought to the Bar of this House, to receive . his Sentence there upon his Knees; and who, being by Mr.

Speaker directed to kneel, refused to be upon his Knees, as required by the said Resolution; acquainted the House, that the Committee have directed him to make a Report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received upon Monday Morning nexti

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the H6ufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folloewth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ninety thousand Three hundred and Two Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-Pay to Sea-Officers, for the Year 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Forty thousand Two bundled and Fifty-seven Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Nine thousand One hundred and Fifty Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year *75J-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office Of Ordnance for Land-Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions bring severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of John Gibson, now Prisoner in Newgate, petitI( was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sor- Gibfo row for having incurred the Displeasure of the House, jKcha, and giving che-strongest and raeft folcran Assurances of gr°"

11 his

140 Februariu

24 Geo. II.

140 — 150 Februarii.

43

his never giving the lead Offence for the future; and praying to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said John Gibson, committed Prisoner, by this House, to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, on the First Day of this instanx. February, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged; and that Mr. Spraker do issue his Warrants ;accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lodlow

Road.

Vienerisy 150 die Februarii;

Anno 24° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750. Prayers.

MR. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and of several Freeholders, Landholders, and' others, residing in or near the said Town, was referred,. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Committee examined

Sir Francis Charlton, who said, That? he is very mell acquainted with the Road leading from’Ludlow^to Bridge, and also the Road leading from Ludlow to a stole called The Maidenhead, at Or It on, both which Roads are very bad and, in his Opinion, the Statute-work, and a Levy of Sixpence in the Pound, on the several Parishes through which the Road leads, would be infafficient to repair the fame.

Mr. Robert Pardoe confirmed the Evidence given by Sir Francis in every Particular; and added. That both the said Roads were impassable for Wheel-Carriages in several Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow in i the County of Salop, through Woferton an$Uttle Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County;, and also, from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orlton> in the County of Hereford: And that Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir Thomas Hales, and Mr. Pytts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Parsons, from.thff> Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Dooj- 5 ,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the , House, pursuant to fbejr Order, an Account of the of Poundage; neat Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, granted by an Act of 21st of his present Majesty, from the Commencement of the Act the ift March 1747, to Michaelmas 17505 distinguishing each Year.

He also presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, an Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid in England, out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from Chtiftmas 1749, to Christmas 17 50; together with the Quantities for which the same were paid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Acc ounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Belcbier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling James Langston, formerly called James Houghton, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, and Vol.

bear the Family Arms of Langston, pursuant to the Will of James Langston, his Uncle, deceased: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Notice being taken that the Petition of the Prisoners, Debtor* confined for Debt,in his Majesty's Prison of the Marshalsea, Petition* in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the.

Table, was not signeg 5

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

And the said Petition was withdrawn accordingly.

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in his Ditto. Majesty’s Prison for the County Gaol of Northampton, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also, /

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in his Ditto, Majesty’s Prison in Stafford, on the behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom:

Were severally presented to the House and read 5 complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Accounts of the Subsidy

Bounties on Linens exported.

tiaughton’s

Name.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing and granting to his Supply Bills Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Malt WryM^crvice dic Year One thousand Seven m;t)d^d®^fty-onc, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be,

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mom, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one. f

Ordered, That" Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their* Concurrence.

John Qfbftm was, according to Order, brought to the Gibson repri-Bar; whfefe he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out d charBed-of Qustody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be- Account of fofc this House, an Account of the several Bounties paid on Importations, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing mpor 0 each Year, and each Species of Goods.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Woodffock subscribed, appionted to put in Execution an Act of Par- Roads, lf&merttjpafftd in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Rdign, rhtitCiled, An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock through Kiddington and Enftone to Rollright Lane; and from Enjlow Bridge to Kiddktgtm aforesaid, in the County of Oxford; and- of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the 1

said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, the said Trustees, finding the said Roads to be very ruinous and out of Repair, soon after, the Commencement of the said Act, borrowed, upon thb Credit thereof, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, at Interest, and applied the same towards repairing the said Roads, which contain in Length Nineteen Miles and upwards; and that the said Petitioners have, out of the Tolls and Duties received by virtue of the said Act:, discharged the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, and so effectually applied the rest of the Tolls and Duties, collected by the said Act, to the Repair of tlieTaid Roads, as to draw divers Carriages and Travellers that Way, who used to pass by other Roads, particularly the Carriages passing from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to London; and that the Tolls and Duties, to be received by virtue of the said Act, were to have Continuance for the Term of One-and-twenty Years only, which Term will expire on the Twentieth Day ot May 1751; and alleging, that notwithstanding the said

Roacjs

i 50 Februarii.

44

Roads are now kept in Repair, without a Continuance of the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, they must fbon become ruinous and out of Repair; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the said Roads may be kept in Repair at a less Toll or Duty than is now collected by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and adding such Clauses thereunto as maybe for the Benefit of this Service,

Onierid, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir James Dashwood, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Belchier, Sir John Cujt> Mr. Hay, Mr. Willes, Sir Edward Dcering, Mr. Rowney, Lord Bateman, Mr. Lyster, Colonel Madany Mr. Cooke, Mr. Affiecky Mr. Yorke, Mr. Morton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Goret Mr. Barry, Mr. Charles Townjhendy Mr. Buller, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Turner, Colonel Leighton, Lord

A.

I75°-

Downe, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Waller, Mr. Tor he. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Colleton, Lord Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Neale, Sir John Rujbout, Mr. Geo. , and ali

the Members who serve for the Counties of tForccfier, Warwick, Oxford, Bucks, and Middlesex: And 'they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.,

Bank; Propofol for paying off certain An-

The House being informed that the Governor, and Deputy-Governor, of the Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door,

They were called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the nuiues House, that they were ordered by the said Company, to lay before this House a Proposal for the public Service.

And they delivered in the said Proposal.'

And then they withdrew.

And the said Proposal was read; and is as followeth viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled s The Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

Humbly propose.

To advance and pay off, at the dated Times, according to the Notices given by the Speaker of the Honourable House or Commons the last Session, the following Sums, in Annuities and Exchequer Orders unfubferibed, in pursuance of the Acts 23 Geo. lldl Regis; viz.

Bank transferable Annuities Ditto for Lottery Ditto for Annuities Ditto for Annuities Ditto for Annuities

1746

*747

*747

1748

*749

unfubferibed

Exchequer Orders charged on Duties on wrought Plate

l. s. d. T 0 be paid off.

*7S>571 7L7*3 6 9 1} 24th June 1751.

211,634 *S O 29th September 1751.

481,321 1 9 25th March 1751.

*°3»97S IX X 29th September 1751.

182,250 0 0 25th March 1751.

1,026,4.76 4 6

That Exchequer Bills be issued to them on or before the Times the said several Sums are proposed to be advanced, and carrying an Intered at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, to be charged on the Sinking Fund from the said Times; that vs to say, /. s.

On the Sum of 463,571 1 9 25 175*.

a47.*94 *5 7 a4 17 51

315,610 7 a 29 17 51.

Amounting in the Whole to the said Sum of 1,026,476/. 4 6 And they further humbly propose, that the said Principal Sum of 1,026,476/. 41. 6 shall be repaid to them out of the first Excesses or Surplusses of the Sinking Fund, that shall be applied to the Payment of the Principal of the National Debt.

By Order of the Court of Directors,

Robert Lewin, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Proposal be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of che Day being read;

Ways and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Means. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. f have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, an Account of the Orders charged on the Duty Duty onPRtu. on Wrought Plate, which were subscribed at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities carrying an interest of 4/. per Cent. per Ann. and what remains unsubscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, an Account of the Old and "New South Sea An- South Sen nuities which were subscribed, pursuant to the Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annul-, ties carrying an Interest of 4/. per per Ann. and what remains unsubscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account» House, an Account of the Annuities, transferable at the An! Bank of England, which were subscribed, pursuant to the Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities carrying an Interest of 4/. per Cent, per Ann. and what remains unsubscribed.

Mr.

N*»ue.

Crickltv

Hill. &c.

Road.

Account of South $ea Annuities.

24 Geo. IL i 50 — 18° Februarii.

45

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Heath Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duke, according to the Direction of the last Will and Ttftament of Richard Duke Inquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was lead the First time.

Rejohedy That the Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the County of Hereford be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Towns of Burford and Witney, in the County of Oxford, and of other Parishes and Places in the same County, and in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunae^ 18° die februarii j

Anno 240 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750.

Prayers*

MR. Savage Mcfiyn, Comptroller of the Navy, pre- Account presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an fented, Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1733 to the 31st December 1750, upon a Medium of each Yean distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muf-tered in the said Service; and the Saving or Exceeding arising each Year, by a lefltr or greater Number having been employed than were provided for by Parliament.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followed!; viz.

Navy Office, 18th February, 1750.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1733 to the 31st December 1750, upon a Medium of each Year 5 distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muftcred, in the said Service; and the Saving or Exceeding arising each Year, by a Itfler or greater Number having been employed than were provided for by Parliament; prepared pursuanc to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 28th January 1750.

Number of Men voted by Number of Seamen. Soldiers aftif

Y KARS* Exceeding.

1 } r s \

Parliament. Borne. Muttered. Borne. Muttered.

£ . S. d £ s. d

1734 - - 20,000 23.247 20,392 - T - - 125,142 II 0

1735 - 30,000 28,8 1 9 25,542 - " 98,812 1 O —

»73& - - 1 5,000 17,010 16,030 - - - 87,191 O 0

173 7 - 10,000 9,858 9.213 - - 14,980 I I 0 — - —

1738 - 1 0,000 10,000 j 17,668 16,817 - O *- O 13 0

1739 - 12, COO 23.604 21,516 - - - - 547,450 16 0

1740 - - 35,000 37.»8i 32,006 - - - 43.830 3 0

1741 - 40,000 43>329 39<oi3 3.972 3,529 - 224,441 15 0

1742 - 40,000 40.479 35.>49 3,804 3>339 - - 65,833 19 0

*74.3 - 40,000 44.342 38,908 5.523 5,106 - 307,372 13 0

1744 - - 40,000 47,202 43.537 6,552 6,307 - - 503.395 2 0

*745 - - 40,000 46,766 42,723 6,732 6,291 - - 480,149 l6 0

17*6 - - 40,000 51,072 46,021 6,939 6,535 - - 687,063 13 0

*747 ' - - 40,000 5M91 48,200 '7>3 !7 6,901 - - 729,537 5 0

1748 - - 40,000 44,861 41,377 5,735 5.496 - - 365,630 17

>749 - - 17,000 I7’5°I 16,4*5 1,101 1,059 - , 43,862 0 0

175° - 10,000 11,691 11»39* 349 317 " " " 89,870 6 0

Memorandum, There was voted by Parliament the Sum of £, 500,000. for the additional Number of io,co3 Seamen, raised for the Service of the Year 1738; but there was received short of that Sum £. 190,000. There was also received short of the £. 3,000,000. granted by Parliament in 1749, towards paying off the Navy Debt, as it stood on the 31st December 1748, the Sum o{£. 157,819. 5s. 3d.

Savage Moftyny Jof Alliny

Dan. Devert, Will. Corbett,

R. Ojhorn, Edward Falkingham.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, and New South Sea Annuities, which were subsci ibed, pur-; to be perused by the Members of the House. suant to the Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament,

for reducing the Annuities carrying an Interest of £. 4. per The House being informed that Mr. Ready Accomp- Centum per Annum -, and what remains unfubferibed.

tant to the South Sea Company, attended at the Door; And then he withdrew.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the And the Title of the said Account was read.

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Old The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the House of Commons,

In Obedience to your Order of the 15th Instant, I now lay before this Honourable House,

AN Account of the Old and New South Sea Annuities, which were subscribed, pursuant to the Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities Carrying an Interest of £.4 per Centum per Annum; and what remains unsubscribed; viz.

Total Sum subscrib- Subscribed to the Subscribed to the Total Sum sub- Sum remaining

able. ift Subscription. 2d Subscription. feribed. unfubferibed.

£. s. £ ' 4 £. 4 D ' £ * 4

Old Annuities - '3.65*.ag9 '7 5 9,022,88 6 8 7 3.550-, 914 19 9 12,373,801 8 4 1,277,298 9 X

New Annuities - 9.98*s3*® 19 7 M77.25716 5 2,663.336 4 4 8,94°>S94 ® 9 1,047.724 18 10

£- *3.639418 17 0 ij^00,^* 5 0 6,014,251 4 1 2,»3X4»39$ 9 1 2'32S,023 7

South Sea House, '

February 18th, 1750. John Ready Accomptant.

Voi,. a6. & The

4$

18° Februarii.

A.

Account presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefehted to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Orders charged on the Duty on Wrought Plate, which were subscribed at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities carrying an Imereft of 41 per Centum per Annumi and what remains unsubscribed.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

108,500

d.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

AN Account of the Orders, charged on the Duty on Wrought Plate, which were subscribed at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities carrying an interest of 4/. per Centum per Annum; and what remains unsubscribed.

Orders subscribed by The Governor and Company of the Royal Exchange Assurance,?

the Principal Sum of - - - -)

Nicholas Mann Esquire - - - 2,500 o

Sackville Bale Esquire - - - 2,500 o

John Scrope Esquire - - - 2,500 o

Sidney Kennon Widow 2,500 o

Elijha Hubert Sifenus - - - 1,500 o

Gerrit Alewynfe Coninck - 2,500 o o

Adriaen Van Swieten Adriaewzoon - 4,000 o o

d.

First Subscription -

Paulus Gevers - -

Clementia Deynoot -

Jacoba Deynoot -

Second Subscription - -

Total subscribed

Annuities unsubscribed.

The Governor and Company of the London Assurance Margaret Laws -

William Laws -

SampJon Gideon -

Thomas Revell -

Elizabeth Van Waart, Widow -

John Edwards -

Catherina Deynoot -

Abraham Gevers -

Geertruyd Noppen -

Adraaen Stoop - -

Elizabeth Ter we -

1,250 o

1.000 o

1.000 o o


164,7.50

2.500

2.500

2.500 1,250 2,000 20°0

500 50 ©

1.500 1,000

750

o o o o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Exchequer, the 18th Day of February 1750.

Total Sum advanced for the Purchase of the said Annuities -

Robert Jennings.

126,500 o 0

3,250 o o

129,75° o o

182,250 O Q

312,000 o o

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account pre- Ordered, That the Account of the Old and New South ented. Annuities, which were subscribed pursuant to the Two AdIs of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities carrying an Interest of 4/. per Centum per Annum; and what remains unsubscribed; be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Jones, Accomp-

tant-General to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Account of House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the An- ^eBAtn^m nuities, transferable at the Bank of Englarti, which were f^ble. subscribed pursuant to the Two Acts of the Jaft Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities carrying an Interest of 4/. per Centum per Annum; and what remains unsubscribed this 18th February 1750.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England\ which were subscribed pursuant to the Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities carrying an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and what remains unsubscribed this 18th February 1750.

First Act of Parliament. Second Act of Pa/iia- Unsubscribed.

ment.

£ d. .£ ' </.

Annuities 174 6 - - - - 2,250,914 13 6 593>5'4 0 5 i75>57i <5 1

Ditto 1747 - - - 3,544,096 16 9 644,268 8 3 211,634 15 0

Lottery 1747 - - - - 738,314 10 6 189,962 0 0 7i.723 9 6

Annuities 1748 - - m - 5>727.471 11 4 921,207 6 ill 281,321 1 9

Ditto 1749 - - - - 2,603,830 6 3 364,666 2 5I 1‘03,975 1® 2

14,844,627 18 4 2,713,617 18 oj 844,226 4 6

Tbeo. Jones,

Accomptanc-General of the Bank of England.

Ordered,

24 Geo. II. 13° Februarii.

47

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, Ip be perilled by the Members of the House.

OficM and Sir William Yonge preferred to the House, according to Employ Order, a Bill ro indemnify Persons who have omirted to

ments* qualify themfcives for Offices and Employmenrs within

the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

CricklcyHil), A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Icc. Roads. Inhabitants of the City of O^r^, and of the Towns of Bur ford and Witney, in the County of Oxford\ and of several other Parishes and Places in the same County, and in the Counties of Gloucester and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefenred to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Town of Witnessafore -said, is an Horse or Bridle Road, leading from thence Through the Parishes of Emsham, Cumner, Wight am, and Both?y, in the Counties of Oxford and Berks, to the City of Oxford, being a Post Road, and Part of the ancient and nearest Road for Horses and Travellers on Horse-back, from divers Parts of South Wales, and from the Cities of Hereford and Gloucester, and from the Lid Town of Burford, to the City of Oxford; and which leads out of the Common Wheel Road from the Places aforesaid to the said City of Oxford, at an House or Inn in Witnessaforesaid, commonly called Staple Haiti and that the said Horse or Bridle Road, for many Years pall, hath been* and now is, in many Places so deep and out of Repair, that Travellers in the Winter Season cannot paf> through the same without great Difficulty and Danger; and thac the same Road cannot be sufficiently repaired by the Methods already prescribed by the Laws of the Realm for repairing of Roads, or without the Assistance of Parliament; and there being a Petition already prefenred to, and now depending in, Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for reoainng that Part of the said Wheel Road which leads from the Top of Crickley, in the County of Gloucester, into the Road leading from Woodstock to Oxford, at a Place called Campsfield, in the same County of Oxford: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to add proper Clauses in the said Bill for repairing the said Horse or Bridie Road, by raising of Monies for that Purpose on the same Road, distinct from that intended to be raised on the said Wheel Road, or by such other Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of Bur ford and Witney, in the County of Oxford, and of other Parishes and Places in the same County, and in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; anJ that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Oxenden be added to the said Committee.

Huntingdon a Petition of the Persons thereunder named, acting ax* Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Year 1747, for Part of the County of Huntingdon, and Land Owners there, on behalf of themselves, and other the said Commissioners and Land Owners of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Process of the Court of Exchequer hath been issued against the Petitioners, or some of them, or they have been threatened therewith, for the several Sums amounting to Three thousand One hundred and Ninety-five Pounds and Seven Pence Farthing, or thereabouts, which have been let in Juper on the several Hundreds of Leighton, Stone, Tofeland, Norman Cross, and Hurjling Stone, in the Account of Original Jackson and fames Harkness, Esquires, Receivers-General of the Land Tax and Window-Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1747, for the said County of Huntingdon \ and that the said several Sums Vol. 26.

were duly assessed, levied, anti paid, by the Inhabitants of the said several Hundreds, to the respective Collectors duly appointed for that Purpose; and were paid over by the said Collectors to Philip Chapman Esquire, Receiver-General for the said County for the preceding Year, or to Robert Mitchell, his Deputy, who paid what he received (excepting 689/. iu. 1 d thereof) to him the said Philip Chapman, who continued to act as Receiver-General for Part of the following Year, though without any Commission (which was unknown to the Petitioners)^ and that the said Philip Chapman was then in full Credit in the County, but soon after absconded, whereby the said several Sums, or considerable Parts thereof, were loft, excepting the said Sum of Six hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny, that remained in (he Hands of the said Robert Mitchell, as aforesaid, and which has been since paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in Discharge of so much of the said Sums returned in super, as aforesaid: And therefore praying,-That forasmuch as the Loss of the said Monies did not arise from any wilful Default or Neglect of the Petitioners, or the Collectors, or the Lid Robert Mitchell, the House will grant such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Inhabitants of several Towns, Parishes, and Places, within the County of Huntingdon, is referred; and that they do examine, and flare to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in chib Petition.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujl be added to the said Committee.

A Bill for the better carrying on and regulating the Thames and Navigation of the Rivers of Thames and Isis, from the liisNaviga-City of London, Westward, to the Town of Cricklade, tIoa-in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

R.efolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powney,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Morton, Mr. Salufbury, Mr.

Brookjbank, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Bathurst, Doctor Lee, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Wodehouse,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lyster, Sir Richard Warwick Bamp~ field, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Pitt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Montague, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Nugent, Sir Hen.

Erjk the, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Townshend, Lord Egmont, Sir Gee. Oxenden, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, Thac Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Tiialsby the better Regulation of Trials by Juries: And that Mr. Juries.’ Bathurfi, Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Fazahrley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Account of before this House, an Account of the gross and net Pro- Duties on duceof the several Duties on Spirituous Liquors extracted bPims* in Great Britain, from Christmas 1746 to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Duties on before this House, an Account of the Produce of Duties LLences. arising from Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, from Christmas 1746 to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, Thac the proper Officer or Officers do lay Dr^Mcks before this House, an Account of all Sums paid as Draw- 0,1 sPint*' backs on Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, from Christmas 1746 to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Sums charged before this House, an Account of the several Sums and on Dutiei on Annuities, with which the Duties arising from Spirituous yints* l o Liquors

18° Februarii. 1750.

Liquors extracted in Great Britain, and from Licences for retailing the lame, stand chargeable.

‘ Account Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

ordered. before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duties on Malt and Hops,from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his

Petition, Majesty’s Prison in Beaumaris, in the County of Arglefea, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Report on the Sir William Tenge, according to Order, reported from Contempt of the Committee, appointed to consider and report to the Mr. Murray. House, what Methods may be proper to be taken by the House, in relation to the Contempt of the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire; who being, in pursuance of a Resolution of this House, brought to the Bar of this House, to receive his Sentence there upon his Knees; and who, being by Mr. Speaker directed to kneel, refused to be upon his Knees, as required by the said Refo-. lution 3 That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s TableWhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appears to your Committee, upon searching the Journals of this House, that many Persons, as well Strangers, as Members, have either, in pursuance of the ancient Practice of this House, or by special Order, been required to receive their Sentence, and in feme Cafes, their Charge, on their Knees, at the Bar (Instances of which appear in the Cafes referred to in the Margin*); and chat r.o Person, as far as your Committee can discover, hath ar any time refused so to do, except David Jenkins, who being, according to Order, 21 Feb. 1647, brought to the Bar by the Serjeant at Arms, to answer to his Charge, and being required to kneel, did absolutely refuse.

Your Commitre observe, that the House hath, by a Variety of Punishments, enforced Obedience to their Orders; and that a Breach of Privilege, committed in one Session of Parliament, hath been, and may be, punished in another; and that, when an Order of the House, made in one Session, hath been difubeyed in the Whole, or in Part (even in Cafes of Contempt, much less injurious to the Honour of the House than the present, such as Absconding or Refusing to pay Fees, &c.) the same Order hath been renewed in the next Session.

Your Committee also observe, that it is a {landing Order of the House, made 4th April 1707, That when any Person, ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, shall either abscond from Justice, or, having been in Custody, shall refuse to pay the just Fees, in either of cnefc Cafes, the Order for Commitment shall be renewed the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament; in consequence of which (landing Order, many Persons were ordered to be taken into Custody in the xufxt Session.

And your Committee observe, that this Handing Order hath lince been executed in several Instances.

Your Committee further observe, that the most usual Method taken by the House, to enforce Obedience to their Orders, against Persons already ordered to be taken into Custody, or to be committed to Prison, hath been by adding to the Severity of their Restraint.

A remarkable Instance of whicty appears in the same of John Trenche, the Warden of the Fleet, who, for his ob-

ftinate Refusal to deliver the Body of Sir Thomas Shirley, a Member of this House, detained a Prisoner in the Fleefl was committed close Prisoner to the Tower* 8th May 1604: Being sent for by the House, was by Mr. Speaker, by Order of the House, terrified with the Prison of Little Eaje\ and (the House finding him (till perverse) received this Judgment (1 1 May 1604) " That, as he did increase his Contempt, fothe House thought fic to increase his Punishment, and that he should he committed to the Prison called Little Eaje, within the Tower f from which Place the House (after having taken effectual Care that theirjudg-ment should be put in Execution 12th and 14th May 1604) did not release him until 17th May 1604, after Sir Thomas Shirley was delivered, and until he (the Warden) had been an humble Suitor to the House for his Liberty, and had expreflfed his Sorrow for his Offence, and his Hope that, upon this Acknowledgment of his Fault, the House would be pleased to pardon his Error, and receive him into their Grace and Favour.

After which Application so made, he was ( t; of May 1604) ordered to be brought to the IJoufe, and acknow-lege his Offence at the Bar, and humbly pray Favour of the House upon his Knees; and in the mean time was ordered to be freed from the Dungeon called Little Eaje.

On the 19th of May 1604, being called in, he, on his Knees, at the Bar, confessed his Error and Presumption; and professed, that he was unfeignedly lorry that he had so offended this House.

Upon which Submission, Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, pronounced his Pardon and Discharge.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee humbly fub-mit to the Consideration of the House, that it highly concerns the Dignity and Power of this House to vindicate its Authority in this Instance; and though your Committee cannot but oblrrve, that, notwithstanding the additional Restraint which the House hath already laid Mr. Murray under, he hath not yet thought fit to make any Submission: Your Committee desire Leave further to propose, that, in Indulgence to him, he be again brought to the Bar, by Order of this House; and that, in Conformity to the Precedent before-mentioned, Mr. Speaker be directed to put him in Mind of the Greatnels of his Contempt, and of his continued Contumacy; and to acquaint him, that if he doth not submic forthwith to the Order of the House, such further Punishment will be inflicted upon him, as this House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Doctor Lamond do attend this House \ upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke, the Apothecary who was admitted to resort to the said Mr. Murray in Newgate, do attend this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the' Ways ani Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Mean*-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Kefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read 3 and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That ic is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of 1,0 :6,476/.

4*. bd. upon such 1 erms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, be accepted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year 1751 upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and

16 Feb. 1626, Sir Chr. Pigot — g May 1621, Mr. Cooke — 4 June 1621, Mr. Damport — 'j July 1625, Mr. Montagu -6 St 8 August 1625, Mr. Clarke — *3 June 1626, Mr. Moore — g May 1628, Mr. BurgeJs — 12 May 1628, the Cornish Gentlemen — 9 & 10 Feb. 1628, Sheriff Aden. — 29 Dec. 1640, Mr. Peirce — g June 1641, Mr. Price and Sir IVm. Widdrington — % July 1641, Mr. Whitaker — zi Fib. 1641, Si- EJ<wurd

Dieting — 7 Feb. 1661, Mr. Chute, 8 & 9 Apr. 31 October, II Sc 14 November, 1670, Sir John Prettyman — 28 Qdobe-, 1680, Sir RJ. Can_

29 Ditto, Sir Francis Wtthens — i^ Sc 1$ December l#8o, Sir Robert Peyton — u Feb. 1694, Mr. Tracy Paunce/ert — i^ Sc 16 April 1701, Mr. Shepherd.

Town

24 Geo. II. 186 — 190

Town of Berwick upon "Tweedy and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Arricle of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year 17 Ji, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pension9, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[^ . } 2i9.

Tellers for the Noes,[ , } 28.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Caldery Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vans, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scropey and Mr. kVeJly do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

hmj: The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

ivuX®* refold itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 'k"0"* the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

kpply# The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Februarii. 49

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane -also acquainted the House, That he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 190 die Februarii;

Anno 24* Greorgii lldl Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Btwen, from* Account of the Treasury, attended ait the Door; Diipofuion

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the of Grants-House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1750, hath been disposed of, distiriguished under the several Heads, until the 18 th Day of February 17 50-1, and the Parts thereof remaining uhfatisfied, and the Deficiency thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 46.


O

AN

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

CD

o

eg

7T

AN Account, ffiewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1750 hath been disposed of, distinguUhed under the feveraX Heads, until the 18th Day of February 1750-1; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereof.

SERVICES.

f For the Visuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Visual ling thereof, for 10,000 Men, beginning, iff January 1749-50 -

> j For the Ordinary of the Navy, and Half-Pay -

£ y Towards the Buildings, Rrbuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships in the Year 1750 - -

Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

For Ordnance, Sea Service - - - - . -

For Ordnance, Land Service, The Sum voted was 109,259/. 16/. 6d.; but there being a Saving on that Head, by Vacancies of the Pods of the Master-General, his Secretary and Clerk, Clerk of the Deliveries, and Chief Engineer, amounting to 3,037/. 6s. lod. that Sum is 4edudledr>and no more charged than - -

For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

'"For defraying the Charge of 18,857 Effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, &c. for the Service of the Year 1750 -

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisionsin Nova Scotia, Newfoundland

Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1750 - -

Upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1750 -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, in the Year 1749, not provided for by Parliament For Pensions for the Year 1750, to Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines -

( For defraying the Charge for the Allowances to the several Officers, and Private Gentlemen, of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1749 - -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1750 - - - -j

For defraying the Expence of Services incurred on Account of the intended Expedition against Canada, and for other Services arising therefrom; and for the Service of Nova Scotia -

To make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the FJeftor of pursuant to Treaty

To make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the Duke of JVolfenbuttle, pursuant to Treaty -

To make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the Elector of Mcntz, pursuant to Treaty - - < - -

f For defraying the Charge of transporting to Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and Private Men, dif-g < miffed his Majesty’s Land and Sea Service, and other his Majesty’s Subjects settled there, and not provided for by Parliament -& (_ For supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, his Majesty’s said Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1750 ~ To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1749 - -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid thereout for One Year’s Interest, due thereon at Michaelmas 1749, for Duties on. Salt, continued Anno 1745

To replace to Ditto Fund the like Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of the additional^tamp Duties, at Christmas 1748 -

To replace to Ditto Fund the like Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences For retailing of Spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1749 " . -

To replace to Ditto Fund the iikeSum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiercy of the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer 1749

To replace to Ditto Fund the like Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of I2r. a BarreFon Sweets, or Wiues made from British or Foreign

Fruit, or Sugar, at Michaelmas -

To replace to Ditto Fund the like Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1749

To make good the Deficiency at Christmas 1749, t^ie duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors -

For making good the Deficiency at Christmas 1749, of the Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for paying the Annuity, and Charges of Management, to the South Sea Company, for Subscriptions into their Capital of Annuities, granted by the Act 1708 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Malt 1748, at Lady-day 1750 *. - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1748, at Michaelmas 1750 - - - -'

Towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge across the Thames, frrm the City of Westminster to the oppefite Shore, in the County of Surry, to finish the said Bridge, and perform the ctner Truth - - - - ': - - -

For the further Settling and Improving the Colony of Georgia, for the Year 1.750 -

Towards the Support of the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa - - ~ "

Paid to Persons lor their Losses, on account of the infectious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle -

For discharging the Sum of 1.000,000l. raised in pursuance of an Ati of the lass Session of Parliament, and charged on the First Aids or Supplies granted in Parliament after 29th September 1749* and Intcrcff thereof -

jor u

C,) r

'^3 [r

t

< *5 O

£ s. d.

494,000 0 0

293,625 5 10

197,896 0 0

10,000 0 Q

26,000 0 0

106,222 9 8

-► 00 *9 10

628,230 4 7

236,420 18

67,000 0 0

65,481 4 7

3*374 0 0

5»I!7 11 8

i 49.84* 7 6

122,246 16 4,

22,372 3

i 29»993 3 7

8,620 0 p

36,476 3 10

39.778 *9 2

275.736 5 3

35.000 0 0

5.183 »7 8

5-7 H 3 9

7.196 4 Si

13.36' IO 1

21,564 2 io k

39.63* 6 io±

94.655 7 4

178,384 4 Si

,114,489 0 0?

1,500,000

750.000 71,116

*M53

29,856

1,000,000

900.000

d.

o

o

6

10

Hi

o

o

The Ways and Means towards supplying the said Services

By n Tax of 5/. per Pound On Land, Uc. 1750.

I y the Malr Duties, continued 1750.

Surplus at Michaelmas 1749, of the Subsidy of Poundage.

Surplus at Christmas 1749, of the additional Subsidies on Wines imported. Surplus at Michaelmas 1749, on Rates and Duties on Houses and Coaches, By Annuities on the Sinking Fund, at 3/. per Cent.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

Sums granted. Sums paid. Remaining to be paid.

£ ' £ ' £ > d

995.521 s 10 981,179 7 14,342 4

167,671 9 6 167,671 9 6

1,238,704 9 11 '.037.05+. r 201,650 4 9

76,255 3 0 76,255 .3 0

790,926 2 9^ 8,000 0 0 3>3<H 3 4 10,000 0 0 *3*37° *7 6 1,030,570 7 5 ' 774,419 '7 7 8,oooo 0 0 3.304 3 4 10,030 O O 13.370 17 6 1.630,570 .7 s 16,506 5

4.334,323 19 3 4,101,825 5 o| 232,498 14

of the Ways and M< ?ans 166,701 5

cjn

o

AO

o

Sj

1

" There remains uniiToed

And then the.Dcficicncy of the Ways and Means is -

.v65.79.7 8 nf

4*26 -1 ' 2 6 10

65,797 8

3 4

111 Deficiency as on the other Side.


4i334*323 *9 3i

This Account, Hated In Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, upon an Addreft of this Honourable Hous^ \ ’ii ttttfltbly prefen ted thil 19th Day oFfthtnay 1750-i# by

Thomas Someth

Cn

O

3-

s

Geo. II.

i oft 'Februarii.

Si

Ordered, That the said Account do fie upon the Table, to be pcmfed by the Members of the tloufc.

Stamford, Sir John Cust reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Road. passed in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual, is committed, and to whom the Petition of Sherurd IVimberley, P oft-Matter of Post- With aw, in the County of Lincoln, and others, whose Names are thereunto set, being Inhabitants, Land-Owners, and Occupiers of 1 and there, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him ro report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners examined Mr John Wimberley, who informed the Committee, That the Road through Post-Witham is, and always has been, the Poll Road; and the Poll Office has always been kept at that Town; that Six Mails come there every Week, Three of which arrive in the Night; and the Badness of the Road makes the Carriage of them both hazardous and difficult; that the Inhabitants of Post-Witham have endeavoured to amend the said Road; and, besides a yearly Rate for that Purpose, have constantly performed Four Days Srarute- Work out of Six, upon the said Road (being obliged to perform the other two Days Statute-Work on the Turnpike-Road); and finding themselves unable effectually to repair the fame, they desire that some Part of the Toils, to be granted by the aforesaid Bill', may be appropriated towards the Repair of the Road mentioned in the Petition.

Being alked, What Sum he thought would be necessary’ ro repair the said Road, and whether, if such Sum were to be detiufted out of the present foils, the Remainder would not be insufficienc to repair the Roads already directed to be repaired; lie laid, he was no'Judge of that; having never made any Calculation of the Eixpence of amending either the one Road or the other.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred back to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

HeitK’i A Bill to enable John Heath Esquire, and his Heirs IW. Male, to tike and ufc the Surname and Arms of Duke, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Richard Duke Esquire, deceased, was read a

Second time.

Rejohcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Secretary1 atW'ar, Mr. Prcby, Mr. Vyner, Niry Elliot, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Bur raid, Mr. Salujhury, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Mellish, Mr. 'Turner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Rrockjbank, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Clift, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Calvert9J Mr Hay, Mr. Lane, Sir H. Hr skint, Mr f Willey, Mr. Torke, Mr. bVilies, Mr. Tovmihend, Mr. Harley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Richards, Mr. Hampden, Mr;. Bankcs, Mr. Hill, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Warburton, Mr.

I f Browne, Mr. Gore, Mr. Myddeltcn, Mr. Hale, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. West, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Pallet, Mr. Colleton, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Coke,

I Sir Richard L'lcyd, Mr. AIoJ:yn, Mr. Prowse, General

I Oglethorpe, Mr. Fracy, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Thornton, Sir

] Bender iVrcy, Mr. Owen, Mr. Carter, Mr. Butler, Sir

brands Dafhwood; and all the Members who serve for ' the Counties of Devon, Somerset, and Cornwall: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

J‘ in the Speaker’s Chamber.

! 'TjuHty Mr. Bathurst presented to the House, according to j< JujKi.. Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1 Vol. z6<

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Bill; & Rill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax Land Tax-to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one: And the same was received.

., A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Mount agu,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lictard's, for naturalizing John Liotard, and Daniel Richard. with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land- Supply Bill; Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Land Tax, Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Bill; a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be Exchequer mentioned* by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Bllls, Sinking Fund: And the same was received; and read the Firit time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, Kennett living in or near to such Part of the River of Kennett as Navigation* runs between the common Landing-Place at Reading, in the County of Berks', and the Mouth of the said River, which adjoins to the River Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by several Acts of Parliament passed in the First and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty.^and in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the River of Kennett, from Reading to Newbury, in the said County of Berks, was, and is, made navigable; but that the said Part of the said River of Kennett, between the common Landing-Place at Reading aforesaid, and the Mouth of the said River, which there joins the Thames, and is about a Mile in Length, i9 not included in any or either of the said. Acts, nor at present under any Law, for the due Regulation thereof, which it Hands much in need of, and is of Consequence to the Navigation of the River Thames: And therefore paying, that Provision may be; made in the Bill now depending-in the House, for the better Carrying on, and Regulating of the Navigation of the Rivers of Thames and Ifts, from the City of London, Westward, to the Town of Cricklctde, in the County of Wilts, for putting the said Part of the River of Kennett,far ihc better Navigation of the River of Thames there, under all the Regulations and Powers as the said Rivers of Thames and ijis are intended to be under, or under Inch other proper Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House iliail seem meet.

Ordered,.That the said Petition be referred to the Con* ' sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine ’ the Matter t^ereof^ and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

A,nd it is referred to Mr. Powney, Mr. Pitt, Lord Bar-: rington, Mr. Rob inf on, Mr. Martin,-.Mr: Wigley, Mr. Pye,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Prowse, Mr. West, Mr. Sandy s,

Mr. Qfwald, Mr. Willey, Sir Nathaniel Carzon, Mr. Tbrke,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Marion,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Harley, Sir John Ctift, Mr.

Colleton, Mr, Barbor, Mr. Sydenham, Mr Conyers, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir H. Erskine, Lord Egmont; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Perks, Oxford, and Wilts: And they are’to meet this Afternoon, ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply, mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

"3i"ze

52 19° — 2°c

consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House* which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Part of the respective Stocks of Old and New South Sea Annuities, as have not been subscribed, in pursuance of Two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities carrying an Intereflr after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per An-num, be redeemed and paid off.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding £.2,325,023, 7 s. 11 d. be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling his Majesty to redeem, and pay off, the like Sum of the respective Stocks of Old and New South Sea Annuities, as have not been subscribed, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

The said Relblucions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Arinyi Mu- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the tiny and De- tyhole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and m.on. Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and

their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 c0 die Februarii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750. Prayers.

Kennctt Ti JTR.Powney reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation. J\jL of several Gentlemen, and other

Persons, living on or near to such Part of the River of Kennctt as runs between the common Landing-Place at Reading, in the County of Berks, and the Mouth of the said River which adjoins to the River Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Committee examined Mr. William Ward-, who said. That he knows that Part of the said River Kennett, between the common Landing-Place at Reading aforesaid and the Mouth of the said River, which is near a Mile long: That there is a Lock on it, called Blake's Lock, and a Wear; the Drawing of which Lock is of great Service to the Navigation of the River Thames:

That the Owners of the said Lock have raised the Price of passing through the fame, from 5/. to 12s. for small Boats, and from 10s. to 19J. for great ones; and can iinpose what Price they please, if it be as they insist, that they are under no Limitation or Restriction, by any Law wharfpever:

That the Witness knows no Reason for raising the said Prices, since the Lock is not more expensive than for-

Februarii. A.* 1750.

merly; nor is it by far so expensive as several others Upon the Thames.

But when it was to be lett,the Proprietors infilling the y were under no Regulation, the Tenants took it at any Price; being ftnfible* they could make the Barge-Masters <f'

pay their own exorbitant Prices; and that no Barge can >[*

navigate the Thames from Reading to London without passing this Lock, and that Part of the River Kennett mentioned in the Petition.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers of Thames and IJis, front the City of London, Westward, to the Town of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, is committed, That they have Power to continue, or make Provisions in, the said Bill for regulating the Navigation of the River Kennett, between the common Landing-Place at Reading and the Mouth of the said River Kennett, where it joins the Thames, for the better Navigation of the River Thames there.

Mr. Lyfier presented to the House, according to Or- T. Smith*! der, a Bill to enable Thomas Smith, now called Thomas Name. Panuwell, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Panuwell: And the same was received; and read the First rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Liotard’* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Liotard and Daniel Richard.

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 4. Leave out " and".

L. 5. After "Paris", insert " Daniel Fcr~ te rand. Son of John Ferrand, by EJlher his Wife, born at 0 Rotterdam, in Holland; Charles Boucher, Son of John <c Boucher, by Susannah his Wife, born at Bergerac, in the Province of Guienne in France; and John Schnely,

" Son of Frederick Schnely, by Anna Barbara his Wife,

" born at Ermatingen, in the Canton of ZurichA

L. 15. Leave out "and," and after " Richardf insert tc Daniel Ferrand, Charles Boucher, and John " Schnely A

L. 27. Leave out <c and."

L. 28. After c<Richard ," insert "Daniel Fer~ a rard, Charles Boucher, and John Schnely.

Pr. 2. L. 22. After " Liotard," leave out " and, " and after €< Richardinfert " Daniel Ferrand, Charles " Boucher, and John Schnely."

L. jo After " Liotard," leave out " and, " and after " Richardinfert " Daniel Ferrand, Charles " Boucher, and John Schne'y."

In the Title of the Bill, leave out "and," and after <( Richard," insert " Daniel Ferrand, Charles Boucher,

C( and John Schnely."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wimington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Offices ao<f qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoJve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money therein to be Exchequer mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the jjiiis, &c.

Sinking Fund, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

24CrFO.lL 20° Febrn st

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the who|e House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole house, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for grantine an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land-Land Tax. Tax> tQ rajfecj jn Great Britain, lor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House*

Resolved, That this House will, uppn Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of the Names of such Persons as they shall think proper, with the Commissioners for executing the Land Tax Act of the last Session of Parliament, to be Commissioners for executing this Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian Names, and Surnames, of such additional Commissioners, be written at length.

foreign Pro- The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the tehnts Nat. £jty of attended at the Door;

They were called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; alleging, That the Petitioners think it their indcfpenfible Dity, to represent the Mischiefs which they apprehend will flow from the Bill, depending in the House, for a general Naturalization of foreign Protestants, if pa fled into a Law; and that the Petitioners, as Citizens of London, will be particularly affected by such a Law, in the Decrease, if not total Loss, of the Duties of Package, Scavage, Portage, and Balliage, of the Goods of foreign Merchants, granted by many Royal Charters, and confirmed by several Acts of Parliament; and expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, that a general Naturalization of foreign Protestants is more likely to increase the Poverty, than make any Addition to the Wealth, of this Nation; for that neither the Rich, nor the Industrious, amongst them, need any such Inducement 5 as the latter never want Encouragement, nor the former the very Privilege in question, when they apply to Parliament for it: And further alleging, that a like Law being attempted in the Reign of the late King William, it was rrjefted, on such national Considerations, as is presumed can new escape the Attention, nor lose the Regard, of this House; and that when the Experiment was actually made, by paffmgaLaw for that Purpose, in the Reign of the late Queen Anne, it was found so detrimental to the publidk Interest, that it was shortly afterwards repealed, and not without some Reflections on the Mischiefs it had produced; and that the Petitioners apprehend the fame, if tiot greater, Mischiefs, may accrue by this intended Indulgence to Foreigners; who, being unacquainted with the legal Rights /ind Liberties peculiar to the British People, and though Protestants, yet differing from the established Church of this Nation, and bred under arbitrary Government, may not only want that Zeal and Affection necessary for the Support of our Civil and Religious Rights, but may be more easily tempted to invade them: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Trials by A Bill for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, was Juries. read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 26.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Yuefday Morning next revive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and torefoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order b ing read accordingly j

Ordered, That the Account of the Old and NW South Sea Annuities, which were subscribed pursuant to ihe Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuities carrying an Interest of 4i per Centum per Annum, and what remains unfubferibed, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- , . mitcee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane t >ok the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lie again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy* Wendover Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Buckings &c.Road. bamy was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Roads leading from Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, to and through Beconsfield, in the County of Bucks, and from the Eighteen h Mile Stone, upon the Uxbridge Road, through Amersham and'Mijfendeny to the further End of the Town of Wendover, in the said County of Bucksy are common high Roads, and are become very ruinous and founderous in many Parts thereof, and in several Places so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass e^ch other, without great Inconvenience and Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary course appointed by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Stanhope, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hampden, Colonel Mad an. Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Boone, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cookes Sir John Custy Lord Dupplin, General Onslow, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Harley, Mr. Poore, Mr, Bayntun, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Wm. Calvert z, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Cobbam, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Stuart, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pye, Lord Gage, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Barry, Mr. West, Colehel Leighton, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Stuart, Mr. Colleton9 Mr. Carmichael, Lord Geo. SackviHe, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr.

Lpfcelles, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.'

Edwin, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Turner, yixJVilfon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Oxford\ Worcester, Gloucester, ' and Hereford: And they are t&meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

P Ordered)

54 20° — Febr

Exchlf u yi5 Or foe#, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to

BUh rf w^onl1 the Billfor railing a certain Sum of Money therein ’ to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on

the Sinkipg-Fund, is qnnominee}, That tl^ey have P^wer to receive a Clause^or Clauses, to obviate any Doubts that may arifeconcernihga(|ministering the Oaths and Affirmation, and subserftiing the i)ecI^rati,oh appointed by the Charter of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) Jlhd also to enable them to hold General Courts, and.tourts bfDireftors, in the Absence of the Governor and‘Deputy Governor of the said Corporation, to prevent, by the said Provisions, any Obstructions or Delays, in transafling the Affairs of the Corporation with the Publick, or otherwise.

SflfpJy- TTie'Order of the Day being r£ad, for the Mouse to

jrefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of thp Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, retfoJve itself into the said Committee.

The other Or^er of the Day being read;

Army: The House resolved itself into a Committee of th£

w 'e to consider further of the Biy for punish -

c c °n‘ ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Arpny, and their Quarters.

|Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, speaker resumed the Cfoiir.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Pro^refs in the BiH; and that he was directed by the Committee m'mpve, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refotyed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

‘ resolve jcfclf into ? Committee of tfye whole House, to copfider further of the said Bill.

- t

And fhrn the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,' Nine of the Clock.

fhT h - r^r^rrr r , MT

Jovify 2X*di$J?ebfiiarii\

Anno 24* Georgii IP* Regis^ 1750.

PRAYJEK5.

Champion’s \ JPecmon of Wtjliayrf Champion, of the City of Bristol, Manufk&ure Merchant, was presented to the Hou(e, and rcadj

of Spelter. fitting forth, That the Petitioner has closely applied himself, for the greatest Part of his Life, to the Study of Mineral Produ£lioas, and Metallick Operations^ abd also, in Profecurion of those Studies, travelled into mpfl Parts of Europe, where Wojrks and Manufactures were to be seen, fox the further improving hiss Knowledge therein^ and that the petitioner,. at his Return to England, found the supplying of Toutonege, commonly called Spelter, depended chiefly upon the Importation from the Eastt In-flies, which rendered it a fluctuating Commodity; so rhar tpo frequently those Manufacturers, requiring the Use of Spelter, were distressed>\and the Manufacturers embar-faffed, from the exceffiye Prices the Ingrossc/s, at Times, advanced it to, particularly in or aboitt the Year 1731, wh^n Speller v/as got so high in Price as 260 /. per Ton; and tha? the Petitioner was thereupon led to try for a Difcpveryr of the Art and My fiery of making Spelter, iq pxdef tp have a regular and constant Supply thereof within oqr owx\Country, on moderate Terms and Prices; and that tfo.^Petitioner, apprehending that Spelter might be produced an<I made from Ores in England, in or abouj the Year; 17/K? entered into along Series of pxperiments, and pyrlued the same for Six Y?ars successively, with gre^t Expence, Study, and Application, but [o little PurppJc, till the Year 1737 wh,yn the Petitioner having overcome the principal Difficukie^, wa^s encouraged to apply to his present Majesty for aj^grenr, ^rhidiyv# granted.in July 4738, for. making of Spdtyr.or Toucpnege^ for the T^rqfi of Fouctieri..Y/ear^ap$ jhat chercupop the Petitioner erected large Buildings, For effectually carry-

o*

fng on the making of Spelter, so as at least to supply the whole of our Home-Cqnfuraption; and made about Twohundred Tons, which he expofod from time to time to Sale, having the Preference inMarket to any imported* but that the Importers of Spelter seeing now there was a regular and conftam Supply at Home (they having, from the high -Price, brought into this Kingdom much larger L Quantities than could be consumed for Years), Spelter was offered for Sale at any Rate it would bring,; so that it fell in Price from 2601, to 4ZL per Ton; which is supposed to be 22. or 25/. per Ton Loss to the Importer; and rhac the Petitioner, not being able to procure such Prices for his Spelter as would admit of Profit, is a great Sufferer by this well-intended Undertaking, having funk or loft many Thousand Pounds in bringing this considerable Branch of Spelter-making to Perfoftion in our own Country: And therefore .(as Spelter-making is all Profit to the Nation, it being made wholly from the Produce of this Kingdom, and many Hundreds of Poor employed in the foveral Articles thereto belonging; and as the Petitioner’s Spelter Js allowed to be as good in Quality as what comes from the East Indies, and the Petitioner is capable of supplying the Whale of the Deipand in Great Britain, on more moderate T^rms than it has been usually fold for, to the effectually preventing all future extravagant Advance of Prices; and as the granting of Patents proceed from the Wisdom and Justice of our Legiflarure, to encourage and reward the Author of such new Discoveries as bring a Credit and Advkntage xo their own Country, more eljier jcially such as are beneficial to their FJ’ome Mantifaflures; and as the Petitioner has been, and will be, a great I for by this Discovery, unless the fobfifting Term granted by the pnefent Letters Patent be enlarged); praying, That the House will be pleafedto take the IVemifes into Consideration; and grant the Petitioner such Rcfiefchcrcin, as to the House shall foem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petit ioh be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and.report the fame, as it shall appear \o them, to the House:

f And it is referred to Mr. Southwelly Mr. Walpole, Mr. Yownjhendy Mr. Lockey Mr.’ Gybbjn, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Rankesy Sir John Cujl, Mr. Fellawes} Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Hume\ Mr.' Gorey Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bond\ Mr. Hill, Mr,

Neale, Mf. Larocbf, Mr. Kynaston% Mr. Ockenden, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Gilharty Mr. Han bury y Mr. Alderman Jcnfetiy Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir John Mojlyn, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Kern, Tynte, Mr. Chcjler3 Mr. Bathurjly Mr. West, Sir John Turner, Sir iVm. Calvert, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Archer, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. _Qoiletony Mr. Belch!er, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Charles Tovonjlfeiid, Mr. Carmichael, Colonel Leighton,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Pitt, Mr, Gore, Mr. Sar.dys, Mr. Gca. Tospijhend, Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Pop ham, 'Mr. liayniun, Mr,

Bond, Mr. Walpole, Mr. lidrsdUon, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr.

West, Mr. Chetwyndf #Mr. Compton, Mr Alderman Baker

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Noyd, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Great heed,

Mr. Beckford; and all the Members who serve for roe Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Dorset, and Somerset; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:) And have Power to fond for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Ordered, That Lord Harry Beauclerk, Colonel Edict, Ouze Navi, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Burrell, ga* on. Eord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. Farrington, Colonel Bofcaiven, yip.Powlett, Colonel Conway, Mr. Richards, Sir William Beauchamp Proffer, Mr. Selwyn, Colonel Mojlyn, Mr, kVatJon, Lord Ropert Manners, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Herbert,

Lord Bury, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgdrcsjafid Commonakv,

Boroughof Thetford\ in the Counties-of Ncrfo k and Suffolk, and of the Land-Owners, Farmers, principal Inhabitants, Merchants* and Navigators, living in a iii jpear PThctfordaforesaid, and trading upon the River Brandon, commonly called the Lesser Ouze^ between Thetjwd

*nd

24 Geo. II. 21° Februa gj;

and a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the said Counties of Norfolk and Sufftilk, is referred.

Extending A Petition of John Thomlinfon was prdented to ihfc Time for fub-House, and read; letting forth, That the Sum cff Annilitfei 1*328 /. in Bank Annuities, at \l. per Cent, when fhb Subscription for the Reduction of the Interest took place was, and is Hill, in the Names of Charles Ap thorp and John Erving. both redding in Boston, New England, viz* 5,328/. in the Name of said Apthorp, and 6,000l. in the Name of laid Erving', and that the Memorialist purchased the lame, and had Powers to accept and to receive the fn-terest, but not to fell 3 and that the Memorialist offered to subscribe the said Annuities on the First Subscription, but was not admitted, because his ‘said Powers were not thought sufficient, and an Entry was made, by way of Memorandum, of such his Offer, in the Dubious Book3 and that he, by the first Conveyance for New England^ acquainted the said Apthorp and Erving the rewith 3 who, in Return, not only approved of the Subscription, but lent him Permits directly for subscribing the fame, which the Memorialist has ready to produce 3 but the same not arriving in Time (as it was impossible at that Season for them to know of such Subscription, before the Time for subscribing was expired): Therefore praying the House, to take the Premifcs into their Consideration 3 and that the said Sum of 5,328/. of 4I. per Cent. Bank Annuities, belonging to, and Handing in che Name of, Charles Ap-thorps -of Eoften, in New England, and the said Sum of 6,000l. belonging to., and Handing in the Name of, John 'Erving, may have che Benefit of the Offer made the Annuitants, by the Vote of this House of 29th November 1749, or that the House will grant such other Relief, as jo the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in ihc said Petition;

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Martin, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Fane, Mr. V eft, Mr. Mel-lish, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Bynafton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Locke, Mr. Walpole, Mr. BeUbier, Mr. Colleton, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Pitt, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Willey, Sir jehn Cust, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Satusbury, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Lrme, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Egment, Mr. Morion, Mr. Cooke, Lord HUfuorcugh, M r Mar ton. Sir John ‘Turner, Colonel Elliot, Mr. Trenchard, Lord Downe, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Montagu, Sir Hm. Mar shall. Colonel Bojcawtn, Sir IVm. Blachet, Mr. Waller, Mr. Drake, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gray, Mr. White, Mr. Dowde/well, Mr. Hay, Mr. Tu:kfield, Mr. Comyn, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Henley, Mr. Fazakedey, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bond, Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Powney, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lyttenon, Mr Grenville, Mr. Wtiles, Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Cwh, Mr. Haw. Browne, Mr.

Mr. Legge, Mr. Potter, Mr. Finch, Sir’ John Saville, Mr. Neale, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Conolly: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Fcrfons, Papers, and Records.

ExcdGveUfe The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the of Spinis. £jfy of pon(lon attended at the Door j

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common , of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read 3 Complaining of the common, habitual, and exedfive Use of Spirituous Liquors,which prevails amongst the lower Rank of People, to a Degree unknown to any former Times 3 and repre-ienting to the House, that £.is standalous and pernicious practice is not only a Reproach to our Religion and Civil Vol. 2,6.

Polity, but destroys the Health, Strength and Industry of the Poor of both Sexes and of all Age?, inflames them with Rage and Barbarity, and (fixations frequent Robberies and Murders in the Streets apd Avenues of this Metropolis 5 and, what is yet a more affecting Circumstance, that the Petitioners have the.greatest Reason to Apprehend, that lLmuft unavoidably tend to prevent the y Supply of a most lifefbl Class^of his Majesty's SubjectV " and thereby threaten Destruction to Ehe Trade, Navigation, and Power of this Kingdom: And praying the House to apply such Remedy to this growing Evil, fcs to'this House shall seem meCc. -

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cott-sideration of a Commitcee of the whole House.

Resolved, That fhis House will, upon this Day Pdrt-night, resolve icfelfinto a Commitcee of the VholcTfdlile, to consider of the said Petition.;

A Message from the Lords, by ML Saivyer and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lord* have failed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Copley’s dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Divorce. Anna Maria Brace, has now Wife, and to Enable him to marry again 3 and 'for other Purposes therein mentioned j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com’- Ways and mittce of the whole House. to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which thJe Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read 3 and is as Folioweth 3 viz.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Million One hundred Thousand Pounds be raised by Lottery and Annuities, at a.Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament,

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney-General,

Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Scropc-, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Foreign Reading of the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants 3 ProJ*stantt

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Upon at* Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read 3

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Army: whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Dcfcrtl0°* Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of che Commitcee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progrefi in the Bill 3 and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fie again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-rporrow Morning, Nine of che Clock.

4y<

56

22° Febru

Veneris, 2 20 <//*;

> Anno 24.° Georgii 11" Regis, 1750.

Prayers*

Crofiford ' A Petition’of’the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Bridge Road. Land-Owners, and Inhabitants, of the County Pa-

latine of LancaJUr, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the same County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the said County of Lancaster, is a common high Road, and Part of the Post Road from Larden to the said Town of Manchester; and by reason of the Nature of the Soil, and the many and heavy Carriages passing through the fame, the said Road is become so exceedingly deep* and ruinous, that in the Winter Season, and frequently in Summer, Travellers cannot pass without great Danger and Loss of Time; and that some Part of the said Road, lying next to Crofsford Bridge, is many times overflowed with Water and impafiable, whereby the Post is delayed, and several Persons, in attempting to pase through the fame, in the Times of high Floods, Tiave lost their Lives; and that the said Highways and Roads cannot, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in being, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, nor unless some Provision be made by Parliament for raising Money for that Purpose: And Therefore _ praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying a Toll thereat; and that with the Money to arise therefrom, the said Road may be amended and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bold, Sir John Rushout, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Sir John Cust, Mr. Barry, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hami'ton, Mr. Lytter, Mr. Allgsod, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Ridley, Mr Thornton, Lord Downe, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Protter, Lord Limerick, Mr. Pitt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Egmont, Mr. Waller, Mr. Palmer, Colonel Madan, Mr. Codeton, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr: Gough, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Torke, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Willes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wifon, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hay, Mr. John Torke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fox’s Name. A Petition of George Lane Esquire, heretofore called George Fox, was presented to the House, and read; set-> ting forth, That James Lord Vifcounc Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, the Petitioner’s lace Uncle, made his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Fifteenth Day of October 1722, and thereby gave and devised unto several Trustees therein named, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, all his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, in the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in Tfuft, for the Use of several Persons fmee deceased; and afterwards to the Petitioner, for and during :his natural Life, and, after his Decease, to his First and every other Son successively, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and directed that the Petitioner, and the others, as he and they should respectively be in possession of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof in con-

j. 1750.

fcquence of his said Will, should, from time to time, constantly use the Name of Lane only, for his and their Surname, and bear the Arms in Chief of him the said Lord Viscount Lanesborough; and that the Estate of the said late Lord Viscount Lanesborough hath lately come to the Petitioner, who hath hflumed and taken upon himself the Name of Lane, and is desirous that the same may be established by Parliament, with Allowance of bearing the Arms of the said Lord Viscount Lanesborough in Chief; and that the said Will hath been duly proved in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and remains there of Record; and that the Petitioner hath Occasion to make use of the said Will in Ireland; and the same cannot, as Occasion may, from time to time, require, be carried from one Kingdom to another, so as to be produced on any Trial at Law, without great Hazard, neither can the Persons, who are Witnesses thereto, be compelled by any Process to attend in the Kingdom of Ireland., to give their Testimony in any Trial at Law, in such Manner as by the strict Rules of Common Law the same ought to be: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of the said James Lord ViA count Lanesborough; and that the said Will may be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery for safe Custody -f and that such Inrollment may he deemed good Evidence of the said Will, in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland\

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: A»nd that Mr.

Tiamilton and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put Selby, &c. in Excution an Act for repairing and enlarging the Roads Roads. from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence in Two several Branchesyone through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding; and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants,' and other Trades-men, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the said County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, Ditto, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Mer- Ditto, chants, and other Traders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally setting forth, That several Turnpikes were, in pursuance of the said Act, erected in chat Parc of the said Road which lies between Selby and Leeds; and ' that One of the said Turnpikes was erected near West Garforth Bridge, which is at the Distance of above Five Miles from the Town of Leeds, and by that means the greaceft Part of the Tolls, which might have been collected upon that Part of the said Road, have been loft, and the good Purposes intended by the said Act in a great measure defeated, and the said Road between Selby and Leeds remains in a most ruinous Condition, very dangerous for Travellers* and in the Winter Season almost impassable; and further setting forth, That the Road leading from Tadcaster, in the said West Riding of the County of York, over Brambam Moor, through Kidhall Lane . over Winn Moor, and through Seacroft to the Town of Leeds, which is Part of the high Road from the City of York to Leeds, and between which Two last mentioned Places there is a considerable Intercourse of People, Trade, and Merchandize, is united with the said high Road fro* Selby to Leeds, at or near a

Place

Account of Duty on Hops.

Mercers

Company*!

Estate.

24 Geo. II, 220 Februarii. 57

Place called Halton Dyed, at the Distance of* Two Miles from Leeds, and great Part of the said Road between Fade after and halton Dyal aforesaid, from the Narrowness thereof in several Places, and frorri the Nature of the Soil, and by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is become very deep and ruinous, and in some Seasons of the Year impaflablefor Wheel Carriages, and dangerous for Travellers; and that the same cannot, by the ordinary course appointed by the Laws now in bt;ing, beeffectually amended and kept in good Repair; and alleging, that the Gentlemen, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands lying near and contiguous to the said Roads, and the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country, are satisfied and convinced, that the said Roads from Selby and Tadcaster respectively to the Town of Leeds aforesaid, might be cffcftually amended and kept in Repair, in case competent Tolls were to be granted, and properly collected and applied to both the said Roads; and that the Repairing and Amending of the said Roads would tend greatly to the Improving of the Trade and Commerce, and to the Eafc and Benefit of the Inhabitants of that Country: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That the said Pttiiions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Downe, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Wilson, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Gray, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Cust, Mr. Compton, Lord Egmont, Mr. Hill, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Fane, Sir John Turner, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Pye, Mr. Cary, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Neale, Mr, Sydenham, Mr. Tracy, Mr. HarJingo* Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Vane, Sir Wm. Ycnge, Mr. West, Mr. Wilies, Mr. Vane junior, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Lev. Gower,. Mr. Salusbury, Mr. OJkvald, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Williams., Mr. Trot chard. Colonel Bocland, Lord Cake, Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Boone, Mr. Peachy, Mr. AUgood, Sir Laid. Grant; and all-the Members who serve for the Counties. of York, Durham, Northumberland, Westmorland, Cumberland, and Lancaster; And they are ro meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Commissioners of hxcise, attended at the Door

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the annual gross Produce of the Duty on Hops for Eleven Years, ending at Midsummer 1750, distinguishing each Year; with a further Return made by the Commissioners of Excise.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account, and the said Return at the End thereof, were read.

Ordered, That the Paper, containing the said Account and Return, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and of Alexander Stewart, of Newtown, in the County of Down, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-first Year of his prefect Vol. 26.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mergers in the City of Londonreciting, that the Trustees, in whom the legal huereft of the Estates, comprised in certain Indentures of thejd and 4th of October 1699, and of the id and 2d of June 1741, in the said Act mentioned, was then veiled, might refuse to act j and that it might be for the Benefit of the said Annuitants, that building and repairing Leases should be let of the several Estates that are within the City of London, and County of Middlesex-, and allb, that for a Term of Years, or for Lives and a Term of Years, such of the said Estates, as are in the Kingdom of Ireland, should be let; it was therefore enacted, That it should be lawful for the Petitioners, the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors, from time to time, to demise and leafeall or any Part of the said Estates (except as therein is excepted) for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years absolute, in Possession, and not in Reversion, reserving the most improved Rent that could be got for the fame, without taking any Fine, or other Thing, by way?of Income, for granting any Lease or Leases thereof, and foas no such Lease or Leases be made difpunish-abkpfWafte, and the respective Lessees do seal Counterparts thereof; with aProvisoin the said Act contained, that it should be lawful for the Petitioners, the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors, to demise and lease the Manor of Mercers, Part of the said Estates in the Kingdom of Ireland, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Sixty-one Years, in Possession, or for Sixty one Years in Possession,. and for the Lives of any Three Persons, and jthc Life of the longest Liver of them; and should and might take such Fine or Fines, or other Consideration, for granting such Lease or Leases, *nd reserve such Rent or Rents thereon, as could be reasonably obtained, so as thereserved Rent upon such Lease or Leases be not less than the Rent then reserved; and also, that it should and might he lawful to and for the said Wardens and Commonalty to demise and lease the several Messuages an4 Tenements, Part of the said Estates, situate in or near JLong Acre, in the County of Middlesex, and all other the Messuages or Tenements belonging to the said Estates, which they should deem necessary to let upon building or repairing Leases, according to the common or usual Method of letting such Leases; viz. the building Leases for £ny Term or Number of Years not exceeding Sixty-one Years, and the repairing Leases, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Forty-one Years, to comr mence from the Date or Dates of such Lease or Leases; and should and might take such Fine or Fines, or other Consideration, and such yearly and other Rent or Rents, -for granting such Lease or Leases, as they should think fit; in which building Lease or Leases Power should be given to the respective Lessees, or their Agents, to pull down and demolish the old Buildings, and to dispose of the Materials, as they should respectively think fit, with a Proviso that no Lease or Leases of any Part of the said Estates, except the Estates in Ireland and Long Acre, should be granted, till within the Space of Three Years next before the Expiration of such Lease or Leases as were then in being; and that the Lease of the Irish Estate, which the Petitioners, the said Wardens and Commonalty* had granted for Forty Years, being to expire the ift Day of November 1755, and the Petitioners, the said Wardens and Commonalty, conceiving it to be for the Interest of all Parties concerned, that the said Estate in Ire'and, should be leased intirely,or in Parcels, for Three Lives,anaSixty-one Years,to commence from the Expiration of the Lease in being, caused Advertisemeutstobepub-lished of such their Intention, and a Particular of the said , Estates to be printed and dispersed, with the Condition on which such Lease or Leases would be granted; and also appointed the 26th Day of September lait past, to consider of such Proposals as should be offered; and that, on the said Day, the Petitioner Alexander Stewart propofijd

to


8 12 ° Februariu . 175 0,

to take a Lease of the Estate mentioned and described in ing the Trusts in them reposed, as shall be so agreed to the said Particular, for the Term of Three Lives and by their Annuitants and Creditors.

Sixty-one Years, to commence from the ift Day of No- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

vember 1755, at the yearly Rent of 420/. English Money, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the payable, half-yearly in London, without Deduction, and to Matter thercofj and rejtore the fame, with their Opinion give, as a Fine for such Lease, the Sum of 16,500l. thereupon, to the House:

Fnglish Money; viz. 5,5°°/. being One-third Part there- And it is referred to Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Mr. of, upon the Acceptance of his Proposal by the General Hardinge, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Torke,

Court of the said Company, and his signing a Contract Lord Harley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Northey, Mr. Which-in consequence thereof; and the Sum of 11,000l. Refi- cote, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gray, due of the said Sum of 16,500l. within Three Months Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Poore, Lord Egmont, Sir John Rujb-from the Date of the said Contract, upon the Company’s out, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Car-sealing such Lease to him, a Counterpart of which Lease michael, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Mr. Gajhry, Sir V/m.

he Jikewife promised to execute; and that no other Person Stanhope, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Charlton, Lord Mr.

having bid so much, the said Alexander Stewart was, by Comptroller, Mr. IVHies, Mr. Boone, Colonel Bocland, a General Court of the Petitioners, the said Wardens and Sir James Dafhwood, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Commonalty, approved of as the best Bidder for the Cocks, Mr. Peachey, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Clayton, said Lease; and the Petitioners, the said Wardens and Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Williams, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hen. Finch, Commonalty, were thereby authorized to put the Com- Mr. Willey, Mr. Greatbeed, Mr. John Gore, Sir Edmund pany’s Sea! to the said Contract with the said Alexander Thomas, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Stewart; and that the Petitioners, the said Wardens and £. Robinson, Mr. Turner, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Vane, Lord Commonalty, are willing and desirous to carry the said Dupplin, Mr. Archer, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Agreement into Execution, and the Petitioner; the said Curzon, Mr. Harrtfon: And they are to meet this After-Alexander Stewart, is willing to accept the said Lease, and noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; pay the said Fine; but inasmuch as the Trustees named and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, in the said Deeds refule to act, and the said A# only authorizes the Petitioners todemife and lease the Premifesin APetition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and otherlnha- iflingtoa

Ireland, so contrafted for as aforesaid, for Sixty-one bitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County Church. Years in Possession, or for Sixty-one Years in Possession, of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was and for the Lives of any Three Persons, and the Life of presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the longer L.iver of them, it is apprehended, that the the Church of the said Parish is a very ancient Fabrick;

Contract and Agreement, made with the said Alexander and that the Parishioners have, for many Years, been at a Stewart, cannot be carried into Execution, nor a good continual Expence in repairing the fame; and that the Lease made to him of the Premises so contrafted for, said Church, by length of Time, is now become so very unless the Power of leafing be explained, amended, and ruinous, that it is incapable of Repair, and, in the Opi-rendered more effectual, by the Force and Authority of nion of several able Workmen (who have surveyed the an A# of Parliament: That the Petitioners, the said fame) mud necessarily be rebuilt, and made more common Wardens and Commonalty, are advised, that the Power dious for the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And there-granted them by the said Act, for lettinj* their Estate in fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Long Acre upon building arid repairing Leases, is defec* Bill, to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to re-

vive; and that the Petitioners other Effaces in the City of build the said Church, and to make the same more com-London, and County of Middlesex, comprised in the said modious, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the Deeds, consist chiefly in Houses* many of which are out House shall seem meet.

of Repair, and others require to be rebuilt; and it may be . Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confer the Benefit of the said Estates that the said Company lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the foould be enabled, not only to grant Leases for Twenty- Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear.to one Years, but also to grant repairing Leases for Forty- them, to the House;

One Years, and building Leases for Sixty-one Years, as And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ockenden, Mr.

Occafibn may require, without taking any Fine for the Thomas Gore, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Alderman Betbell, Mr.

fime; and it is conceived, that there are not sufficient Lowndes, Mr. Drake, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr.

Powers given by the said A# for that Purpose, and that Willes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hampden, Mr. the managing the said TrUft Estates, for the Benefit of Gray, Mr. Colebrook, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Mar-Hot Annuitants and other Creditors of the said Com- daunt, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Cuji, Mr. pany, and receiving the Rents, and paying the Anrtui- Vyner, Mr. Morton, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Martin, Mr. West, cants, and keeping the Variety of Accounts of and relat- Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Powney, Mr. Vernon, Mr Town- - . ing thereto, is necessarily attended with a considerable Ex- fhend, Mr. Greatbeed, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Roger Newdb-pence, which the Petitioners, the said Wardens and Com- gate Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Potter, Mr. monalty, are not in a Condition to defray any other ways Lev. Gower, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Colleton, blkf. than out of the Rents and Profits of the respective Estates; Lyttelton; and all the Members who serve for the County and the Petitioners, the said Wardens and Commonalty, of Middlesex, and for the City of London: And they are willing to accept of such Allowance in respect thereof, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the as shall be, from time to time, annually settled and agreed Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-to at an Assembly of the Annuitants and Creditors of the fons, Papers, and Records.

Petitioners, to be held, pursuant to publick Notice in

the Gazette, for that Purpose: But in regard such Al- Mr. West presented to the House, according td Order, St. Alban* lowance cannot be made effectual without the Aid of Par- a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Road, liament, Therefore the said Wardens and Commonalty, A#s of Parliament for repairing the Highways thtough rind the said Alexander Stewart Esquire, pray, That Leave the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St, Peter, may be given to bring in a Bill, to confirm and make Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of effectual the said Agreement, with respect to the said Irish Hertford and Middlesex: And the same was received; and Estate; and the said Wardens and Commonalty also pray, read the First time.

That the said Act of the 2 ift Year of his present Majesty Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, may be explained and amended, with respect to the Power of the Petitioners to grant Leases of their respective Estates A Petition of Robert Mitchell was presented to the Huntingdon in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, com- House, and read; setting forth. That several Sums, Land Tax. prised in the said respective Deeds of Trust, and for amounting to 3,195/. os. 7 d{, or thereabouts, have allowing the Petitioners the necessary Expences forexecut- been set insuper on the several Hundreds of Leightonftone,

' 12 Tqfeland,

P

I*

w

In

for

ft I. If W

n!i

5f

Si

ill

b

u

1

fl

24 Geo. II.

fytland, Nor master ofs, and Hurftingstone, in the County of Huntingdon, in the Account of Original Jackson and James Harkness, Esquires, Receivers-General of the Land Tax and Window-Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1747, for the said County of Huntingdon; and that the said several Sums were duly assessed, levied, and paid by the Inhabitants of the said several Hundreds, to the respective Collectors duly appointed for that Purpose; and the said Collectors paid over the same to Philip Chap* man Esquire, Receiver-General for the said County for the preceding Year, excepting 1,139*. 11 1 d- Part

thereof which was returned insuper for the said Hundred of Normancross, and was paid by the said CoHcftors to the Petitioner, as the said Philip Chapman\ Deputy; and that the Petitioner paid over 450/. Part of what he had so received from the said Collectors, to the said Philip Chapman, who continued to act as Receiver-General for Part of the following Year, though without any Commission (which was unknown to the Petitioner), and the said Philip Chapman was then in full Credit in the County; and that the said Philip Chapman soon after absconded, whereby the said several Sums, returned insuper, were loft, excepting the Sum of £.689. 11 s. id. Residue of the said Sum of f. 1,139. Hi. id. that had been paid into the Petitioner’s Hands, as aforesaid, and which the Petitioner has since caused to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Discharge of so much of the said Sums returned insuper, as aforesaid, on the Hundred of Normancross: And therefore praying. That forasmuch as the Lois of the said Monies, so paid into the Hands of the said Philip Chapman by the said Collectors and the Petitioner, did not arise from any wilful Default or Neg-Icd of the Petitioner or the Collectors, the House will be pleased to grant such Relief to the Petitioner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of several Towns, Parishes, and Places, within the County of Huntingdon, is referred: And that they do examine, and ftaieto the House, the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

CricklcyHli Sir James Dafhwood reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Towns of Burford and Witney, in the County of Oxford, and of other Pari&es and Places in the feme County, and in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the City of Oxford, and of the Towns of Burford and Witney, in the County of Oxford, and of several other Parishes and Places in the same County, and in the Counties of Gloucester and Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred,; That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House *, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First Petition;

Mr. Henry Walker said. That the Towns of Burford and Witnessare very considerable Market and Trading Towns; and where, in the Places thereto adjacent, a very useful and profitable Branch of the cloathing Manufacture is carried on:

That the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the Parish of Goberly, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called Frogg Mill; and from thence through the Towns of Burford and Witney, and the Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, into the great Road leading from Woodstock to Oxford, at a Place called Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, is Part of the nearest Road, by some Miles, for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, from divers Parts of South Wales, and from the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford, and from the City of Gloucester, and divers Places in the County of ... Vox.. 26.

59

Gloucester, to the City of Oxford, and to on to the City of London:

That the said Road is very deep and ruinous, and almost impassable for Coaches, Waggons, and ocher Carriages, and dangerous to Persons travelling on Horse-back; and that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said Roads lie:

And to prove the Allegations of the Second Petition;

Mr Henry Walker said, That there is a Horse or Bridle Road from the Town of Witney, through the Parishes of Enfham, Cumner, Wightam, and Botley, in the Counties of Oxford and Berks, to the City of Oxford, which is a Poll Road, and Part of the ancient and nearest Road, by about Four Miles, from divers Parts of South Wales, and from the Cities of Hereford and Gloucester, and from the said Town of Burford, to the City of Oxford, and which leads out of the common Wheel Road* from the Places aforesaid, to the said City of Oxford, at a House in Witnesscommonly called Staple Hall:

That the said Horse or Bridle Road, for many Years pall hath been, and now is, in many Places, so deep and out of Repair, that Travellers, in the Winter Season, can-nor pass the fame, without great Difficulty and Danger; and that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said Road lies.

Mr. Edward Chavajfe, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Henry Walker.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill; and through the Towns of Burford and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington fm the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Enfham, Cumner, Wightam, and Botley, to the City of Oxford: And that Sir James Dafhwood,

Mr. Palmer, Lord Wenman, Sir George Oxenden, Me.

Berkeley, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

STir William Stanhope reported from the Committee* to Wendover, whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them^ to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Whfcre thfc fa<me was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitidft, the Committee examined,

Mr. Berry Roufewelh, wKo said, He was well acquainted with the Road from Uxbridge, in Middlesex, to Beconsfield, in the County of Bucks, which is very bad, and in several Parts of it so narrow that'two Carriages cannot pass one another. A

Mr, Matthew Davis confirmed the Evidence of Mf.

Roufewelh, and added, That that Part of the said Road, from Gerrards Cross to Beconsfield, is in many Parts extremely narrow,

Mr. William Wilson, being examined as to that Part of the Road, said. That it is so bad that Carriages are frequently overturned on Gerrards Cross Heath, and obliged to lie there all Night. .

Mr. Charles Serjeant said, That the Road through the Parish of Denham is very bad, and almost impassable’:

That he likewise knows the Road from the Eighteenth

Mile Stone, on the Uxbridge Road, to Charlefont, which' is so narrow that Twq Carriages cannot pass: ..%f r

And the Road to Amersham and Wendover is so narrow, that Gentlemen are obliged to fend their Servants, before their Carriages, for fear of Obltruttiop in the said ^Qaq,

Mr. Charles Harris, who had been Surveyor of the said Road, gave the same Evidence with Mr. Serjeant, as to the Road from the Eighteenth Mite $W*e to Qhbrkfont, r . j, _1:.

and

22° Febru.

6o 2 i° — 250 Februarii. 1750.

and thence to Amersham; and added, that the Road from Wendover to Great Mijfenden isin the same Condition: And, Mr. William Wilson, being again examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Harris, as to the Road from Wen-dover to Great Mijfenden.

And all the Witnesses agreed, That it was impossible to amend the said Roads by the ordinary course of Law;

And that great Part of the Obstruction arises from the Narrowness of the Road; which Inconvenience cannot be removed without the interpofuion of Parliament. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from West Lavingtcn to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received j and read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Navigation. Inhabitants, in the Towns of King's Lynn, Swaffham, Narford% Westacre, Narburgh, Lexham, Cajlleacre, Great Maffingham, Little Majftngbam, Weajenbam, Rougbam, Sporle, and Nefiton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the River Nar, which runs from the said Parish of Westacre to the said Parishes of Narford, and Narburgh, and Setchey, and from thence to King's Lynn, is capable of being made navigable for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, from the Parish of Westacre aforesaid to the Port of Kings Lynn aforesaid; and that the Making of the said River navigable would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Towns and Parishes of King's Lynn, Swaffham, Narford, Westacre, Narburgh, Lexham, Cajlleacre, Great Maffingham, Little Maffuigham, JVeaJen-bam, Rougbam, Sforle and Nefiton, and other adjacent Parishes, and tend to the Improvement of Trade and Cornmerce, and the publick Good: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for making the said River navigable from the said Parish of Westacre to the Port of King's Lynn aforesaid, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet. r Ordered, That the find Petition be referred to the Confide? ation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Townshend, Mr. Willes, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Laroche, Lord Downe, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Salusbury, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Potter, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Prowje, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Walpole, Mr Sydenham, Lord myborough, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gray, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Ellis, Mr. White, Mr. Locker, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Beauchamp Profit or, Mr. Turner, Mr. Ockenden, Mr.

.Reynolds, Lord Charles Douglas, Mr. Scrope, Mr. West, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Sir Peter Tbcmpfon, Colonel Rostand, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wilson, Mr. //^ Colonel Haldane, Mr. Shirley, Mv. Bond-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties bf Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at "Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power,to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lavington,

&c.

Road.

Nar

to resort to Mr Murray, now a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, committed co the said Gaol by an Order of this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and, their High Mightineffcs the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Parr; and his most Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria, on the ocher Part; concluded at Hanover on the of August 1750, and Translution, be referred to the said Commitcee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Declaration, signed by the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and of the Elector of Bavaria; Hanover, August 44 1750, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, dated at Lady day 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, dated at Michaelmas 1750, be referred co the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please co receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno 240 Georgii IP* Regis, 1750.

Queensferry, Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin and Mr. Belchier be &c added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Road. Magistrates, Town Council, and other Inhabitants of the Burgfi*of ueensferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and of the; Freeholders, Heretors, and others, residing and havfag 1 nterdd hear and adjoining to the said Burgh, wHofe^ Names are thereunto subjoined, is referred.

Mr. Murray Ordered, That Nix<Goldingi an Apothecary, be admitted allowed to

Prayers.

MR. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County { and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford; and ch$ same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved,

communicate with his Apothecary.

Offices and

Employ-

meats.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills, &c.

Supply.

Lud1

Ho;

24 Geo. IL

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; Mr. Fane presented ro the House, according tb Ofdel*, Lottery, &c. a Bill for granting to his Majesty d certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annui-k ties and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Aberbro- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

thock Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Aberbrotbock, Aberdeen Montrose, Brechin, and Inverbervie, in the room of Charles Maitland Esquire, deceased.

Huntingdon The House being informed that Philip Chapman, late Land Tax. Gf Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, Esquire, now a Prisoner for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, is proper to be examined before the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of several Towns, Parishes, and Places, within the County of Huntingdon; and al.fi> the Petition of the acting Commissioners of the Land Tax, for the Year 1747* for Parc of the County of Huntingdon, and Land-Owners there 5 and also the Petition of Robert Mitchel, are referred.

Ordered, That the Keeper of his Majesty *s Gaol of Newgate do, upon Wednesday Morning next* bring in safe Custody the said Philip Chapman to the said Committee; and also do bring the said Philip Chapman in safe Custody to the said Committee, at any other Time or Times as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Bill to pro- Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, mote Mar- a j$jj j for granting certain Privileges to poor married Per-Iiage* fons to promote Marriage, for the Increase of his Majesty’s Subjects: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Smith’s A Bill to enable Thomas Smithy now called Thomas Pa-

Name. nuwell9 and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the

Surname and Arms of Panuwelly was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Mr. Willes, Mr. Clevland\ Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Turner, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Torke, Mr. West, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lane, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hill, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Cust, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Curzon, Colonel Leighton, Mr ..Bold, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Popham, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Pytts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fox’s Name. Mr. Hamilton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable George Lane, heretofore called George Fox, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased;»and for inrolling the said Will, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Copley’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Anna Maria Brace, his now Wife, and to enable him to

Vol. 26.

6i

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned i was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be cbrhmitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole Houft: upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* fnittee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, ' for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce WitnesseS. f

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the City SiercerS . of London be added to the Committee, to whom the Pe- Comply* tit.ion of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery te* of Mercers, of the City of London, and of Alexander Stewart, of Newtown, in the County of Doidn, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, is deferred.

Ordered, That Mr. Edwin and Mr. George Montagu riutitiiigdod be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Land Tax* Inhabitants of several Towns, Parishes, and Places, within the County of Huntingdon; and also the Petition of the Acting Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Year 1747, for Parc of the County of Huntingdon, and Land-Owners there; and also the Petition of Robert Mitchel, are referred.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Sujsply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutioris which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to T reaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds* be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to answer One Year's Interest, due at Michaelmas 1750, after jthe Rate of 3 A 1 ox per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of One Million, lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years from Lady-day 17 j3, towards the Supply for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand tour hundred Sixty-one PoundsOne Shilling and One Penny, begranted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Eight hundred Eighty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum* paid* out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 17 jo.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Five hundred Thirty-four Pounds Two Shillings and One Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 17JO.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Ninety-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the R Deficiency

2 50 Februafii.

62

25° — 16° Februarii.

A. 1750.

Deficiency of the additional Duty on Wines at Midsummer 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Four hundred Twenty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence, be granred to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass, and Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy thousand and Ninety-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Rights, at Michaelmas 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty two thousand Five hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- offices md ing next, resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole Employ -House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have merits, omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Laws and for allow- . ing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morping, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 24° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750.

Prayers. '

THE House being informed that Mr. Needier, from Accounts of the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; Dudes on _ He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Sinking Fund the like S;im, paid out of the same to make Ap Account of the gross and net Produce' of the fe-good the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1750, of the Subsidy verai Dutjcs on Spirituous Liquors, extracted in that Part

Spirituous

Liquors.

of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported into this Kingdom, since the ift Day of March 1747.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

j 77-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Further proceedings respecting Mr. Murray.

The Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Doctor Lamond, and Mr. Cooke, the Apothecary, who were admitted to resort to Mr. Murray, now a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, committed to the said Gaol by an Order of this House, being read;

Doctor Lamond was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the State of the Health of Mr. Murray, during the Time he had attended him in the said Gaol.

And then he withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That no Person, allowed by this House to resort to the said Mr. Murray, in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, have, without fresh Leave of this House, any further Access to the said Mr. Murray, white in the said Gaol, by virtue of an Order of this House, made upon the 6th Day of this instant February, except his Physician, Doctor La-jwoni, and his Apothecary, Mr. Cooke> and also the Nurse, who has been by this House allowed to be with him in the said Prison;

/ The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

of Great Britain called England, from Midsummer 1746, to Midsummer 1750, distinguishingeach Year: And also. An Account of the Produce of Duties arising from Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, from Lady-day 1746, to Lady-day 1750, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of all Sums, paid as Drawbacks on Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Midsummer 1746, to Midsummer 1750, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the several Sums and Annuities, with which the Duties arising from Spirituous Liquors, extracted in Great Britain, and from Licences for retailing the fame, stand chargeable: And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Duties on Malt and Hops, from Midsummer 17 20, to Midsummer 17 j o, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Trite for

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

166.

81.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Army; Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at

Mutiny and Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Desertion. of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Fiizroy Scudamore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and of the Land Owners, Farmers, principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Navigators, living in and near 'Ihetford aforesaid, and trading upon the River Brandon, commonly called The Lesser Ouze, between 'Thetford and a Place called The White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Part of an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of King Charles the IP. for making the Rivers Brandon and Wa-veney navigable, was read; whereby it appeared, that Commissioners were appointed, with Power to determine all Controversies relating to the Navigation of the said RiveFS respectively; and also, from time to time, as any of them should die, to cleft other Commissioners, being Persons. resident in the Counties of Norfolk or Suffolk. Then Mr. Henry Cockfedge was called; who said. That all the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution so much of the said Act as relates to the Navigation of the said River, commonly called The Lesser Ouze, between Thetford and a Place called The White House, near Brandon Ferry, have been long since dead, and no new Commissioners have been since chosen.

1J Mr.

Ouze

Navigation*

24 Geo. II. 26° Februa63

Mr. Robert Dade said, That Disputes frequently happen between the Proprietors of the Banks of the said Rivers and the Masters of Vessels, in relation to Haling upon the said Banks; thattheWitness had a Lighter (lopped bybAv.Birch, and detained for the Space of Six Days, who obliged him to pay Three Pounds, for the Liberty of Haling.

John Hookham and John Kidd severally confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Dade, as to frequent Disputes on account of Haling. And John Kidd further said, he was Servant to the said Mr. Dade, and, upon his Account, paid the Three Pounds before mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act made in the 22d Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney, so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the River commonly called ‘The Lejfer Ouze, from Tbet-ford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called The White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And that Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Jenynsy the Lord Dupplin, the Lord Harry Beauclerk, and Sir John Turnery do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

elby, &c. A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders,

Roads. and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Tadcaster, in *the West Riding of the County of Torir, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in pursuance of an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, to Halifax, in the said Riding, several Turnpikes were erected in that Part of the said Road which lies between Selby and Leeds, and One of the said Turnpikes was erected near- West Garforth Bridge, which is at the Distance of above Five Miles from the Town of Leeds, and by that means the greatest Part of the Tolls and Duties, which might have been collected upon that Part of the said Road, have been loft, and the good Purposes intended by the said Act in a great measure defeated; and the said Road and Highway between Selby and Leeds remain in a ruinous Condition, very dangerous for 1 ra-vellers, and in the Winter Season almost impassable; and that the Road leading from Tadcaster aforesaid, over Bramham Moor, through Kidhall Lane, over Win Moor, and through Seacroft, to the Town of Leeds, which is Part of the high Road from the City of York to Leeds, and between which Two last mentioned Places there is a considerable Intercourse of People, Trade, and Merchandize, falls into, and is united with, the said high Road from Selby to Leeds, act or near a Place called Halton Dyal, at the Distance of Two Miles from the Town of Leeds; and that great Part of the said Road between Tadcaster and Halton Dyal aforesaid, from the Narrowness thereof in several Places, and/from the Nature of the Soil, and by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is become very deep and ruinous, and, in some Seasons of the Year, impassable for Wheel-Carriages, and dangerous for Travellers; and the same cannot, by the ordinary Course and Method authorized and appointed by the Laws now in being, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair; and alleging, that the Gentlemen, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, lying near, and contiguous to, the said Roads, and the Merchants and Trades-men inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country, are satisfied and convinced, that the said Roads from Selby and Tadcaster respectively, to the Town of Leeds aforesaid, might be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, in case competent Tolls and Duties were to be granted, and properly collected and applied, and communicated to both the said Roads; and that the Repairing and Amending of the said Roads would tend greatly to the Improving of the Trade and Commerce, and to the Eafe and Benefit of the Inhabitants of that Country: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem

I meet.

Vol. 2.6*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act ibr repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the WTeft Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Ha-lifaXy in the same Riding, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, and other Tradesmen; and other I nhabitants, of the W eft R iding of the said Coun- . ty of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of TV*, whose N ames are thereunto respectively subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Merchants, and other Traders; and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame; as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton ber added to the Committee, Expiring who are appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or Laws, near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

Mr. Allgood reported from the Committee, to whom Stamford, kc; the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted byan Roadi*

Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Clause in the said Act made in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, which appoints the Qualification of the Trustecs for putting the said Act in Execution, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for repealing the said Clause in the said Act.

And the same was twice read, and amended.

And the Question being piit, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Colohy of count of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by trans- Novi Scotia* porting to his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and private Men, dismissed his Majesty’s Land and Sea Service, and other his Majesty’s Subjects, settled in the said Colony in the Year 1749* and by supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty’s said Colony in the Year 1750.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1751.

A Petition of John Smith Esquire, of Norwich, foie Extending Executor and Residuary Legatee of Samuel Horsley Time for fn!K Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; nultit*

setting

Extending Time for subscribing Annuities.

64

26° FebtU

setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Month of January 1749* adding on the behalf of the said Samuel Horsley y then confined to his Bed, and prevented from managing his own Affairs, having delivered to Ijd&c Preston, of the said City, Esquire, general Powers of Attorney, duly executed by the said Samuel ‘Horsley, to act for him in the Management of Eleven thousand Pounds in Old, and Eleven thousand Pounds in New, South Sea Annuities* then (landing in the Name of the said Samuel Horsley, but intended, and since, by virtue of the said Powers, transferred to, and now tianding in the Name of, the Petitioner $ the said Isaac Preston did, before the Twenty-fourth Day of February 1749, offer to subscribe the said Annuities, pursuant to the Notice given by this House of the Twenty-ninth Day of November 1749, but was refused by the Clerks, for want of a Power for that particular Purpose; and that upon Notice of such Refusal, the Petitioner sent up a particular Power to Thomas Preston, Merchant, which came by the Pod the last Day of subscribing, but was not received by . the said Thomas Preston till the Day following; and that the Petitioner was by this means, contrary to his Inclination, precluded the Benefit of the said First: Subscription; and in consequence thereof did, by his said Agent, the said Thomas Preston, subscribe the said Sum of Twenty-two thousand Pounds, on the Second Subscription, with an Entry in the Books at the same time, reserving to himself a Claim, if allowed of, on the First Subscription: And therefore praying the House, That, in Consideration of the particular Hardship of the Petitioner's Cafe, he may be allowed to subscribe on the Terms of the First Subscription; or to have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiderarion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Thomlinjon is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

A Petition of Samuel Baker was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Daniel Huger Esquire, of South Carolina, is now, and long has been, possessed of Eight thousand Pounds Old South Sea Annuities, (landing in his own Name, the Dividends for which the Petitioner has constantly received, by virtue of a Letter of Attorney; and that immediately after the passing of the Vote of this House of the 29th of November 1749, whereby such of the Publick Creditors as should, on or before the 28th Day of February 1749, signify their Consent to the Terms then proposed, were not to be liable to be redeemed till after the 25th December 1757, the Petitioner applied to the South Sea Company, in behalf of the said Mr. Huger, that he might be a Subscriber to the Terms then proposed; but as the Petitioner had only Power from Mr. Huger to receive the Dividends, he could not be admitted thereto $ and that Mr. Huger being informed of the said Vote, which the Petitioner had transmitted him by the very first Opportunity, he signified to the Petitioner his Desire to be admitted to the Terms thereof; and at the same time sent a Memorial to the Lords of his Majesty’s Treasury, requeuing the fame, and annexed thereto an Affidavit, purporting, that he, the said Mr. Huger, had no Knowkge of the said Terms, until the 3d Day of April last, when he drew up and signed the said Memorial; and that the Petitioner laid the said Memorial and Affidavit before the Lords of his Majesty’s Treasury; to which the Petitioner has received for answer, that they can give Mr. Huger no Relief: And therefore (forasmuch as Mr. Huger, had he been in Great Britain, would have accepted the Terms offered the publick Creditors, and did actually signify his Desire to be admitted thereto, so soon as he knew thereof), praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the said Eight thousand Pounds Old South Sea Annuities, belonging to, and (landing in the Name of, Dairiel Huger Esquire, may have the Benefit of the Offer made the Annuitants, by the Vote of the House of 29th November 1749; or that the House will grant such other Relief, as they shall fee meet.

A. 1756.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fa<ft contained in this Petition.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Supply Bill; Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of LottCfy> &c.: Annuities, and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, was read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to d Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants of London, trading to his Colonial Bill* Majesty’s Colony of Rhode Island, whose Names are oi Credit* thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of many of the most considerable of the Inhabitants of the said Colony, was presented to the House, and read; alleging,

That the Currency, or Medium of Commerce of a Country, being the Standard and Measure by which the Worth of all Things bought and sold is estimated and determined, it ought to be fixed invariably; otherwise Property can neither be ascertained nor secured, by any Plan or Method whatsoever; and setting forth. That the Currency of the Government of the Colony of Rhode Island \s so far from being fixed, that it has funk in its Value above One-half within these last Seven Years; whereby the Petitioners, and all the other Creditors of the Colony, have been greatly defrauded; and all those who reside in the said Colony, whose Effects or Estates have confided in Money, or Bills of Publick Credit, so called, amongst whom are Numbers of Widows and Orphans, have been grievously injured, oppressed, and almost ruined; and that the said Colony of Rhode Island hath now outstanding the Sum <^525,335/. in Bills of Publick Credit, emitted at several times, partly upon Loan, and partly to supply the Colony Treasury; and that the Sum upon Loan is 390,000l. the Value of which, at the Times of issuing, was 78,111/. Sterling, and the present Sterling Value is but 35,445/. as appears by a particular State thereof, to the said Petition annexed; and further alleging, that the Bills emitted to supply the Treasury, by Acts of Assembly, ought to be funk, or drawn in by a Tax; but that the Government of the said Colony hath hitherto delayed the Execution of these Acts, no Tax having yet been levied for that Purpose:

And further setting forth, That several Petitions for a new Bank, or another Emission of Paper Bills of Publick Credit, have been lately preferred to the present General Assembly of the said Colony, and the House of Deputies there, though a Number of Petitions, from the most considerable Inhabitants of the said Colony, were presented against it; and the same were strongly opposed by some of the Deputies in the said House, as being totally unne-ceflary, and in no respect wanted, as tending to depreciate greatly the large Quantity of old Bills then outstanding; and as the same might be destructive to the Privileges and Interestof the Colony, and subject them to the Royal Displeasure; notwithstanding all which, and notwithstanding the Address of this House to his Majesty, in the Year 1740, in relation to the large and frequent Emissions of Paper Currency in the Bricifh Plantations in America, and the Royal Pleasure signified thereon to the Governor of Rhode Island, by the then Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations; whereby they were acquainted, that his Majesty, in pursuance of the said Address of this House, had sent circular Instructions to the several Colonies, more immediately under his Government, not to pass any more Bills for the issuing of Paper Money, without a Clause inferred therein (as proposed by the said Address) to suspend the Execution till his Majesty’s Pleasure should be signified thereupon; and were at the same time admonished and advised to pay all due Regard to his Majesty’s Intentions, and to the Sense of this

House,

4 Geo. ll. 26° Februarii. 6$

House, in this Matter 5 and notwithstanding this House, Fife of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have on the 30th of May 1749* presented another Address to Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, his Majesty, to have a particular Account laid before this

House, at their then next Session, of the Tenor and Mr. Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom NarNavfgi-Amouht of all the Bills of Credit, which had been created -the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, a!ncl tion. and issued in the several British Colonies and Plantations Inhabitants of the Towns of King's-Lynn, S waff bam, Nar* fc America, as well those under Proprietors and Charters, ford, Westa&e, Narburgh, Lexbam, Castleacre, Great Maf-as under his Majesty’s immediate Commission and Go- ftngbam, Little Maffingham, Weafenbam, Rougbam, Sporle, vernment; and which Address had been likewise signified and NeElon, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Norfolk, to the Governor of the said Colony of Rhode Island; yet whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That notwithstanding the se, and all other Remonstrances to the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-the contrary, and in Defiance and Contempt of the tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap-Royal Pleasure, and of the Authority of this floufe, peared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in the said Deputies did, at their Session in August last, his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s pass a Vote for emitting 50,000l. in Bills of a new Tablet Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Tenor, to be let out on Loan, which are equal in Value viz.

to 400,000l. in Bills of their present Currency of the old To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Tenor, and exceed in Value the Whole of their present Cur- Spehnan Esquire, said, He kno’w$ the River Mar, mentioned rency, upon Loan, by 10,000l.; and that the said House in the Petition; that it may be made navigable from West* of Deputies appointed a Committee of Four of their Mem- acre to King's-Lynn; and that the same will be of the ut-bers to prepare and bring forward, a Bill for that Pur- most Ad vantage to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Towns, pose, which the Petitioners have no Doubt was soon after as it mu ft greatly increase the Commerce thereof, passed; and further alleging, that the Value of Bills of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the old Tenor has been reduced much more than One- making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and half since its Emission, and by this new Emission will Port of King's-Lynn \.o Westacre, in the County of Nor* be still further reduced, so as not to be worth One-fourth folk: And that Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir John of the Value it was originally issued for; and yet these burner, and Mr. Horatio Walpole of King's-Lynn, do pre- Bills are made a legal Tender in all Payments whatsoever, pare, and bring in, the fame, let the Stipulation of the Contract be what it will; and

that the Landholders of this Colony, having generally A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by St. Alban’* mortgaged their Farms or Plantations, as a Security for Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways the Bills of Credit they have taken upon Loan, have through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. found it their Interest to multiply such Bills, that they may Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims* in the Counties of depreciate and lessen in Value, and which they have Re- Hertford and Middlesex, was read a Second time, course to, as a legal Expedient of wiping away their Rtjolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. West,

Debts without Labour; whereby the laudable Spirit of Mr. Fonereau, Sir Peter Tbcmpfon, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hale,

Industry is greatly extinguished, and his Majesty’s trading Mr Hay, Mr. Gore, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Braffey,

Subjects, inhabiting in the said Colony, greatly difeou- Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Torke, Lord Dupplin, raged for want of Produce and Remittances, and the Mr. Palmer, Mr. Colleton, Mr. EUis, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Petitioners, the Merchants of London, defrauded of at Alderman Baker, Mr. Morton, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Custf kaft Three Parts in Four of the Sums real iy and bond Mr. Potter, Mr. Neale, Mr. Walpole, Mr John Gore, fde due to them: And therefore praying the House to Mr. Wodehouse, Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and to Lockyer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lane, Mr. Martin, provide such Means as shall be effectual to prevent and Mr. Feltowes, Mr. Thornton; and all the Members whp restrain the Legislature or Authority of the Government serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlfex, and Bed-of the said Colony of Rhode Island, from making or emit- ford; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of ting any more Bills of Publick Credit, without his Ma- the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, jesty’s Royal Permiffon; and to cause the said intended

Emission to be flopped or recalled; and to prevent them Mr. Bold reported from the Committee, to whom the Crofsford from circulating or being offered, or taken in Payment of Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Land- ’ bridge

Debts; and to {Srevcrit and restrain them from passing any Owhers, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Lan* oaci‘

Acts, whereby any extant Bills of Publick Credit may be taster,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of

either debased in Value, or postponed in their Period of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the same County,

being drawn in; and that the House will be plea fed to was referred, That the Committee had examined the Mat-

interpose in this Matter, in such manner as shall ieem ter of the said Petition; and had directedhim to report the

meet to relieve the Petitioners from the Injury and Op- fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he

predion of such a Flood of fluctuating sinking Paper Bills read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in

of Public Credic. at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- as followeth; viz. federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion Houghton said, That he knows the Road leading from thereupon,to the House: Crofsford Bridge to the Town of Manchester, extremely

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir John Bar- well; that the Nature of the Soil is such, that from the nard. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fane, Mr. Alderman Baker, many heavy Carriages passing along the said Road, it is Mr. Grenville, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Lyttelton, impossible to be kept in good Repair, by the Laws now in Mr. West, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Selwyn, Lord being; that frequently, in Winter-time, the Witness has Egmont, Mr. Legge, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Nugent, Lord known it impassable; and particularly remembers, about Strange, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fane, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ten Years ago, Three Persons, in attempting to pals, all Nor they, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Sir John lost their Liv«.

Cust, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gray, Mr. Alder- Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

man Bethel/, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Vane, Mr. Sydenham, Ad- repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the miral Vernon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Boone, Mr. Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Man-Geo. Bojcawcn, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. John chester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Torke, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lane, Mr. Beagban; Mr. Bold and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and bring in, and all the Members who serve for the Cities of London and the fame.

Bristol, and the Town of Liverpool, and all the Merchants

of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at A Bill for repairing the Road leading from West La- Lavingtbn, Vojl. 26. S vtngton

Pebruarii* 1750.

66 16° — 70

tnngtoH to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Willey, Mr. Popham, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cttft, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Garth, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sleper, Mr. Townjhtnd, Mr. Potter, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Legge, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Pye, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hill, Lord Gage, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fazakerley, Colonel Tmnjhend. Sir Nathanael Curzen, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Delme, Mr. Boone, Mr. Dowde/well, Mr. Beaghan, Colonel Leighton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Gore, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. IVhichcot, Lord Egmont, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Laroche; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Southampton, Somerjci, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Account of The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for exe-Ships of War cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, employed, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac-

c* count of his Majesty’s Ships of War, which have been

employed fmee the ift of April 1749 to the ift of November 1750, for the Protection of Trade, and of our Settlements; the Stations of such Ships, and how long ordered to continue thereupon; with the Times of their going to Sea, and their returning into Port; together with Copies of the Orders given by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to the several Commanders of such Ships.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That these Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Duties on House, an Account of all Sums which have arisen from

Brandy. the £)uties on Brandy, and other Spirituous Liquors, im-

ported into this Kingdom from Christmas 1746 to Chrifi-mas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

MeHurii, 270 die Februarii j Anno 24* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750.

PrAVers.

A Petition of the Mayof, Aldefmen, Sheriffs, Citizens, Uncofo and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, in Com- Small Dcbl,< mon-Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the City of Lincoln is an ancient Corporation, and a County within itself, of considerable Extent; and having navigable Rivers to the Towns of Hull and Boston, carries on a Trade to those Parts; and that great Numbers of Artificers, and Handicraft People, are employed within the said City, and County of the said City, who cannot support themselves without Credit; and great Numbers of Dealers, from the adjacent Counties, attend the Fairs and Markets held in the said City, and rent Stalls therein, and seek their Livelihood; by vending their Wares and Merchandizes in the said City, and from thence are obliged to give Credit to many of the poor Inhabitants and Refiants within the said City; and that the said Artificers, and Handicraft People, are frequently put to great Difficulties, irt obtaining Credit; and the Dealers, who frequent the Fairs and Market^ lie under great Discouragement, from giving Credit for (mail Sums to the poor Inhabitants and Refiants within the said City, and Liberties thereof; by reason that many Persons, obtaining such Credit, evade the Payment of their just Debts, presuming on the Expence and Delay which attend the Recovery thereof, being confined to the ftrifl Rules of die Common Law; and suggesting, that the Petitioners apprehend that the giving of such Persons as enconirage the said Artificers, and Handicraft People, and such Dealer* and others, an easy nd speedy Method for recovering their just Debts, at a small Expence, will greatly tend to the promoting Industry, supporting useful Credit, and be of great Utility to the said City: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said City, and County of the said City, and the Liberties thereof.

Foreign Pro- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second testams Nat. Reading of the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning nexc.

Trials by Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Jury. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Army: TheHouse resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

Mutiny and House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mu-Desertion. tjny ancj Dcfcrtion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas, Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bitu. Tradesmen, Householders* Shopkeepers, and Refiants* within the City of Lincoln, and County of the said City, whose Names afe thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others inhabiting within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the course of their Dealings, frequently advance Money, and give Credit to the poor Artificers and Manufacturers, who seek a Livelihood within the said City, who would often be otherwise subject to great Distresses, and totally unable to carry on their different Occupations; and that the Petitioners very often suffer great Lofies, by reason that many Persons decline the Payment of the Debts they contract, as the Petitioners cannot obtain the Recovery thereof unless by due course of Law; which hath been found of little Advantage to the Creditors, and greatly burthen* feme to the poor Debtors; and alleging. That if *' proper Court of Judicature should be creeled for the Recovery of small Debts in a summary way, it would be of great Service to the said Artificers and Mami-fadurers, and many other industrious poor Persons, who, by having their Wants timely relieved, by finding Credit, might be preserved from utter Ruin and Destruction:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said City, and County of the said City, and Liberties thereof; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And they arc referred to Mr. Monson, S i r Peter Thompson,

Mr. Sibtborfe, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Secretary ar War,

4

Mr.

nwce.

14 Geo. It; 270 Februarii. 6

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Tounge, Mr. Poore, Mr. And the House being informed, that the said Gascoyni Hardinge, Mr. Law, Mr. Colleton, Mr. 2to/&r, Mr. C*r- FiJiVA was attending at the Door; michael, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Egmont, Mr. Sir JFiw. He was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Middleton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bold, Mr. Fane, Mr. Alder- Account of the Allegations contained in the said Petition, man Jansen, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Fy;/£r, Mr. Lloyd, And then he withdrew.

Mr. Harrison, Sir Francis P00U, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Ordered, That Service of the said former Orders of this Palmer, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Gray, Mr. House arid of this Order, ripon the said EUJha Bi/coe, arid Wiljon\ Mr. Which cot, Mr. Beagari, Mr. Thotnhagb, Mr. leaving an attested Copy of the said ingrossed Bill with Wilkinson, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mack- him, be deemed good Service of the feme, upon the salt} worth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Torke, Mr. Anna Maria,

Pophajn, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Scrope 5 and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for' Preventing Fork: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of better securing the Property of the Owners of Mines from Robbery of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power Theft and Robbery: And that Mr. Banks, and Sir Mi- Minc#-to fend for Feffons, Papers* and Records. ihanael Ctirzon, do prepare, and bring in, the feme;

A Petition of Gascoyne Pinch, Agent for Godfrey Copley, of Sprotbrough, in the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; reciting, an Order of this House, nrrade upon the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act todiffolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Anna Maria Brace, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry sfgaln j arid fbt other Purposes therein mentionediThatitbeanlnftru&iorr to the Committee of the whole House, to whom tlio feid Bill was then committed, that they do hear Coririfel, arid examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also* that they do hear Courifel, and exariiine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses; and setting forth, That; the Petitioner hath made diligent Enquiry, after the said Anna Maria 1 and he is credibly informed,- and believes/ she is now in Itdly, or some Parts beyond the Seas j fb that (lie cannot have perforial Notice of the said Order of this House, to be heard by her Counsel, arid examine Witnesses against the said Bill, if she fftould think fit so for* do -. Arid therefore praying the House to' give Leave* that Service of the Order of this House, and dellvering a Copy of the said Bill, now depending, signed by the Clerk* of this House, so Mr. EUJha Bifcot, Trustee for the Aid Anna Maria, may be as effectual Notice to the said Andes Maria, of the Order of this House, and of the Time of the Commitment of the said Bill, as if she Was personally served with the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Account 0i before this House, an Account of the Com, diflingpishing Corne*-the Species thereof, exported from Great Britain, from porte ' Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1750, efiftinguishing each Year? together with an Account of the Bouhty paid thereupon 5 and also the Names Of the Torts frorh and to frhfch the same were exported.

The Lord Dupp/in, from the Com mi (Boners for Trade Colony of arid Plantations, presented to the House, purfoant to their Novi Scot% Order,

Account of Money paid and Charges incurred, by transporting ro his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, a Norinber of reduced Officers and private Men, dismissed his Majesty’s Land a'nd Sea Service, and otherp hrs Majesty’s Subjects, settled in the said Colony in the Year 1749; and by supporting,' maintaining, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty's said Colony, in the Year 1750: And also.

An Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Province of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1751.

And the Titles of the said AdCotfrit and Estimate Were read.

The said Account is preserved amiongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and also the said Eftirnate, are as followeth viz.

ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by transporting t6 his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, arid supporting and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers, and private Men, dismissed his Majftey’s t Land arid Sea Service, and ocher his Majesty’s Subjects, settled in the said Colony in the Year 1749 i and by sup-porcing^maintarning, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty’s feid Colony, in the Year 1750.

- /. s. d.

To Blankets, Woollens, and Shoes, for the Seeders; and Prefects to the Indians -To Tools for Husbandry and Artificers; Lines, Nets, and Hooks, for Fishery/ Stationary, Surveyors Instruments, Bricks, and Garden Seeds - -

To Medicines, Sugar, and live Stock, for the Voyage and Drugs, InftrUments, and Necessaries, for the Hospital -

To Lighterage arid Shipping off the Settlers ? Package and Charges on Hospital Stores; a Surgeon, with Medicines, by the Transport from Liverpool; and Fafiengers, by the Union Snow To French Bibles ——

To Calli paid for VidtuiaHing the Settlers ——

To the Treasurer of the Navy, for Bedding arid Victualling for the Voyage -To Ditto for a Bill from Liverpool, on Accourit of the Sarah Transport -

To the Treasurer of the Ordnance, for Field Pieces, Swivel Guns, Small Anris, arid PoWder To Printing* and incidental Expences, by Directions of the Lords CommifiToners for Trade and

Plantations -----....

To Ventilators in Six Transports ——

To Two Fire Engines - - - . -

To Cash paid Captain Ive's Bill of Exchange, for a Boat -

To Cash paid for Scales and Weights -

To Thomas Hancock, for Boards, Plank, Schooner arid Salt, and Moriey to purchase Materials for Mills - -

To pay of Surgeons, Apothecaries, and Nlidwife - -

To Treasurer of the Navy, on Account of Transport Sefvice/by Warrant -To Fees thereon ——

To Fees on Money received from the Receipt of the Exthequer, exfclulive of the Sums charged on the foregoing Articles - -

i>3?5 4 8 2,729* 12 8

680 14 8

336 0 3 102 17 10 *2,068 5 6

7>354 19 0 67 18 8

*59* 4 4

445 19 IC> 102 11 6

72 16 b 1 4000 21 7 o

*,51# 15 O 860 6 o 23,672 I i

nr 9 47 ‘i4 6

VOL, 26,

lor

68

i Fehruariu

A. 17So

T°jrFrCIr8hi ®ft Bcdd,n§’ a"d Rabbins, for 514 Passengers, on board the Alderney, Nancy, Fatr Lady. and Two Friends, Transports, and incidental Expences attending their Imbarkation Accommodation, and Dispatch - - . _ _ _

T° Drugs Medicines, SurveyorS Instruments, Nails, Iron-Wart, and Shoes, for the Use of the SetJers -

To Expences repairing and refitting the Sloop New - "

To Gratuities to 3 22foreign Protestahts, sent from Holland - - - I . ‘

To Hire of the Baltimore Transport,retained in the Service ----- I

To Cash paid on Account of Victualling for the Seders - - _ ’

To Calli paid the Treasurer of the Ordnance, per Bill of Exchange drawn by the Governor I To Governor Cornwallis, for the Purchase of Stores, Payment of Officers, Artificers, and Labourers, and contingent Expences, inclusive of 2,500l. paid to his Regiment for the Four-pences flopped for Provisions, from the Commencement of the Settlement to the 10th of September

*75° - -

To Lieutenant Martin's Disbursements, at Boston, for the Purchase of Materials and Stores

To Apthorp and Hancock's Disbursements, at Boston, for Materials, Vessels, and Stores -To Thomas Gunter's Bills, remitted him to Boston, on Account of the Expedition to ChigncElo -

To Benjamin Green, Treasurer,by his Account from September ao, 1750, to November 30th To Richard Bulkley, Paymaster of the Works, from August ift 1750 to November 30th - -

To Hire of Transports, retained in the Service, and not paid by the Navy - -

To Victualling supplied the present Year

To foreign Seders, employed in the publick Works, at izd.per Diem, till the Money advanced

is thereby reimburfod - -- -....

To Colonel Phillip/s, now Cornwallis's Regiment, to replace to them the Day, deduced from their Pay for Provisions, from 25th of August 1749, to Christmas 1750 -

To Provisions supplied Colonel War bur ton’s and Colonel LafceUe's Regiments, Artillery Company, Independent Companies, Seamen in Vessels, Labourers, and Artificers - -

To the Charge of Victualling and transporting Colonel LafceUe's Regiment from Ireland To the Office of Ordnance for Timber, Materials and Tools, sent from j Hire of

Vessels i Magazine for Powder, and Payment of Officers and Artificers, employed by that Board ——

d.

3 A 44 4 4

833 *9 6

203 0 10

3-3 8 2 0

«57 *3 4

4,500 o' 0

1,000 0 0

35^68 0 si

6,503 18 2

6,924 *4 6

2,600 0 0

3,62t *4 0

4,073 3

4,002 a 4

12,590 12 6

1,005 0 0

3,9*9 5 8

7,832 3 8

8,581 3 9

10,417 1 18 3i

£.173,838 2

; I

ACCOUNT of Money granted by Parliament, and received from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, towards the Charge of settling, supporting, and maintaining, his Majestys Colony of Nova Scotia.

1748, Granted, upon Account, towards the Charge of transporting to his Majesty’s Colony March 23. of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, for a certain Time, after

their Arrival, such Reduced Officers, and private Men, lately dismissed his Majesty’s Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty’s Subjects as shall be willing to settle in the said Colony, under such Regulations as his Majesty.shall judge proper - 40,000 o o

1749. Granted, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by transporting to his March 19. Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re a Number

of reduced Officers, and private Men, dismissed his Majesty’s Land and Sea Service, and other his Majesty’s Subjects, settled in the said Colony, and not provided for

by Parliament - - — - .*

Granted, upon Account, for supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Neva Scotia, for the Year 1750 -

*74 9

March 19

36> 476

39-778

10

*9

116,255 3 o Exceedings - - 57,582 19

Whitehall, February 7, 175©. Errors Excepted.

n ESTIMATE of the Charges of fopporting and maintaining the Setdement of his

_ Nova Scotia for the Year 1751.;

a Victualling aoooo Seders, for a

wLCTiriCokMl WarTuruJt Regiments offoot, ronlifting of I jda Men, to replace rotliem a Deduction of so chmade ^Z^Z^ofTooLwnfiftfog of 404 Commission and Non-CVoSS Officerwmd private Men! and Ttoee Complies of Rangers, confdting of ajo Men, being 620 Men, at 6d. fZJhnffooooforeign Protestants,in Alleviation of their Freight

> the P^ofCaptain

ffbePay of Captain'?^ GerW. Independent Comply of Rangers, cttnfflling of d.e l,ke

JfRaogers, confiffing of5. Men, for

j a Months

£. 173,838 2 3(

Chris. Kilby.

’’s Colony of

I. s. 13,687 10

d.

o

9,50a 4

6,027

1,050

1.500

1.500 750

o

o

o o

O o

O O

To

Go

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills, &c.

Supply.

Supply Bill; Lottery, Sec.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties'

24 Geo. II. 2 70 — 28°

To the Hire, Seamen’s Wages, Repairs, and other Expences, of Six Sloops, employed in the Service of the Colony - - *’ -

To the Salaries of the Civil Officers, Surveyors, &V. -

To the Pay of Two Surgeons and Two Apothecaries, at 10 s. and Four Mates, at $s.per Diem; and Midwife, at 50 I. per Annum -

To Materials, Tools, &c. for the Use of the Settlers to be sent over this Year,- the Wages of Artificers and Labourers (including the Sum of 2,400l. to be advanced to 300 Swils Protestants, to defray the Expence of their Passage to I Nova Scotia* and for which the Publick is to be reimbursed by their Labour, at 1 s. per Day) and other incidental Expences attending the carrying on and compleating the publick Works

£ s. i.

2,000 0 0

1,766 0 0

1.145 0 0

15,000 0 0

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Yaifing a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House. according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.’ Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven' hundred and Fifty-one, without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 26.

Total - £. 53,947 14 4

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Krautery without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Smith Esquire, to take and use the Sur* name of Holworthy only, and bear the Court-Armour of Matthew Holworthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased: To which , the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of thd whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Batburjl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Batburjl reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report* when the House will’please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mdrrbvfr Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 8° die;

Anno 24® Georgii IIdi Regfs, 1750.

Prayers.

QRDEREDy That Mr. West do make the Report;

which was Yesterday ordered to be received this Day, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. West accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which he was directed to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, his Majesty be enabled to borrow a Sum not exceeding £.225,023. 11/. 7</. at an Interest of 3/. per Centum per Annum; to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thaj it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That Mr. West do make the Report, which was, Yesterday, ordered to be received this Day, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annuities and a T Lottery,

Krauter’s

Nat.

S. Smiths Name.

Trials by Jury.

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Lottery, &c.

68

tj° Februarii.

A.17S&

To Freight, Beds, Bedding, and Cabbins, for 514 Passengers, on board the Alderney, Nantyi Fair Lady, and Two Friends, Transports, and incidental Expences attending their Imbarkadon, Accommodation, and Dispatch ——

To Drugs, Medicines, Surveyors Instruments, Nails, Iron-Warfc, and Shoes, for the Use of the Setlers ——

To Expences repairing and refitting the Sloop New Cajco - -

To Gratuities to 322 foreign Protestahts, sent from Holland -

To Hire of the Baltimore Trznfyott, retained in the Service -

To Cash paid on Account of Victualling for the Seders -

To Cash paid the Treasurer of the Ordnance, per Bill of Exchange drawn by the Governdr To Governor Cornwallis, for the Purchase of Stores, Payment of Officers, Artificers, and Labourers, and contingent Expences,inclusive of 2,500l. paid to hisRegiment for the Four-pences flopped for Provisions, from the Commencement of the Settlement to the 10th of September

5°....

To Lieutenant Martin's Disbursements, at Boston, for the Purchase of Materials and Stores To Apthorp and Hancock's Disbursements, at Boston, for Materials, Vessels, and Stores To Thomas Gunter's Bills, remitted him to Boston, on Account of the Expedition to Chigneffo -To Benjamin Green, Treasurer,by his Account from September 20, 1750, to November 30th To Richard Bulkley, Paymaster of the Works, from August 1 ft 1750 to November 30th - -

To Hire of Transports, retained in the Service, and not paid by the Navy - -

To Victualling supplied the present Year

To foreign Setlers, employed in the publick Works* at 12 d.per Diem, till the Money advanced

is thereby reimbursed....

To Colonel Phillip/s, now Cornwallis's Regiment, to replace to them the 4d.per Day, deducted from their Pay for Provisions, from 25th of August 1749, to Christmas 1750 -

To Provisions supplied Colonel Warburton's and Colonel Lqfcelle's Regiments, Artillery Company, Independent Companies, Seamen in Vessels, Labourers, and Artificers -

To the Charge of Victualling and transporting Colonel Lqfcelle's Regiment from Ireland To the Office of Ordnance for Timber, Materials and Tools, sent from Annapolis', Hire of Vessels i Magazine for Powder, and Payment of Officers and Artificers, employed by that Board -

1. r. d.

,3.144 4 4

*33 *9 6

203 O 10

33 8 2 6

857 13 4

4,500 0 0

1,000 0 0

35>2$8 O

6,503 18 2

6,924 14 6

2,600 O 6

3,621 *4 6

4.073 3

4,002 2 4

12,590 12 6

1,005 0 0

3>9I9 5 8

7,83a 3 8

8,581 3 9

10,417 18 3i

i73>838 2 3i

d.

ACCOUNT of Money granted by Parliament, and received from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, towards the Charge of settling, supporting, and maintaining, his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia,

1748, Granted, upon Account, towards the Charge of transporting to his Majesty’s Colony March 23. of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, for a certain Time* after their Arrival, such Reduced Officers, and private Men, lately dismissed his Majesty’s Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty’s Subjects as shall be willing to settle in the said Colony, under such Regulations as his Majesty shall judge proper Granted, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by transporting to his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re a Number of reduced Officers, and private Men, dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and other his Majesty’s Subjects, settled in the said Colony, and not provided for by Parliament ——

Granted, upon Account, for supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, die Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1750

*749-March 19.

*749* March 19.

40,000 o o

36>47*

39»778

3 10

19

Exceedings -

Whitehall, February 27, 1750. Errors Excepted.

116,255 3 0

- 57>582 >9 3i

I- »73.«38 2 3i

Chris. Kilby.

An ESTIMATE of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of

Nova Scotia for the Year 1751.

To Victualling 2000 Setlers, for 12 Months, after the Rate of 4d{.per Person per Day To 4 d. per Man per Diem, to the Non-Commissioned Officers and private Men of Colonel Com-wallis's and Colonel Warburton's Regiments of Foot, confiding of 15 6 2 Men, to replace to them a Deduction of so much made from their Pay for Provisions To Victualling for Colonel Lqfcelle's Regiment of Foot, confiding of 404 Commission and Non-Commission Officers and private Men, and Three Companies of Rangers, confiding of 250 Men, being 620 Men, at 6d. per Man per Diem - -

To an Allowance of 1 /. 1 s. o d. to each of 1,000 foreign Protestants,in Alleviation of their Freight To the Pay of Captain John Gorham's Company of Rangers, confiding of 100 Men, for Twelve Months . ——

To the Pay of Captain Joseph Gorhams Independent Company of Rangers, confiding of the like Number, for 12 Months - -

To the Pay of Captain Clopbam'% Independent Company of Rangers, confiding of jo Men, for 12 Months ——

I. s. d.

13,687 10 0

9,50a 3 4

6,027 1 0

1,050 0 0

1,500 0 0

1,500 0 0

750 0 0

To

Ways and Means.

Sopply Bill;

Exchequer Bills, &c.

Supply.

Supply Bill; Lottery, 8cc.

Supply Bill; Male Duties'.

24 Geo. II. 270 — 28°

To the Hire, Seamen’s Wages, Repairs, and other Expences, of Six Sloops, employed in the Service of the Colony - - " -

To the Salaries of the Civil Officers, Surveyors,

To the Pay of Two Surgeons and Two Apothecaries, at 10 s. and Four Mates, at 5 s. per Diem; and Midwife, at 501, per Annum -

To Materials, Tools, tfc. for the Use of the Settlers to be sent over this Year,' the Wages of Artificers and Labourers (including the Sum of 2,400l. to be advanced to 300 Swils Protestants, to defray the Expence of their Passage to Nova Scotia, and for which the Publick is to be reimbursed by their Labour, at 1 s. per Day) and other incidental Expences attending the carrying on and compleating the publick Works

£ s. i.

2,000 0 0

1,766 0 0

I>145 0 0

15,000 o o

69

Total - £. 53,927 14 4

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Vailing a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act krauter’s for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Krauter, without any Nat* Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to s* Smith’s enable Samuel Smith Esquire, to take and use the Sur- Name, name of Holworthy only, and bear the Court-Armour oif Matthew Holworthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trials whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of by Jury' Trials by Jury.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bathurst took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mdrrovfr Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 8° die Februarii;

Anno 24® Georgii IIdi Regfs, 1750.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House. according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane re ported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. IVaple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven' hundred and Fifty-one, without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 26.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. West do make the Report* ways which was Yesterday ordered to be received this and Means. Day, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. West accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which he was directed to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, his Majesty be enabled to borrow a Sum not exceeding >£.225,023. 11s. 7</. at an Interest of 3/. per Centum per Annum; to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thaj: it be an instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That Mr. West do make the Report, which Supply Bill; was, Yesterday, ordered to be received this Day, from the Lottery, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annuities and a T Lottery,

jo %8° Februariu A. 1750.

Lottery, and charged oh the Sinking Ftind, redeemable by Parliament, was committed;

Mr. West accordingly reported from the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and Which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

S. Smith’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. to enable Samuel Smith Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Holworthy only, and bear the Court-Armour of Matthew Holworthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Honiton Ar- A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto

rear of Taxes, subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being great Sufferers by the late Fire in the Town and Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was presented to jthe House, and read ? setting forth, That on Sunday the 19th Day of July 1747, a hidden and most dreadful Fire happened in the Town and Borough of Honittn aforesaidi whereby great Part of the said Town was burnt down, which bccafioned a great Deficiency both in the Land Tax, House-Tax, and Window-Tax, within the said Town and Parish; and that a great many of the said Houses, which were burnt down, are not yet rebuilt, and many of those that are built are under some Mortgage or Mortgages, or some other Incumbrance, but notwithstanding which are liable to be rated to the Land Tax, Church, and Poor, and have been so rated ever since the said Fire; but that this House, upon a former Petition prefenced to them, commiserating the unhappy Circumstances of the Petitioners, remitted their Land Tax, and House and Window-Tax, from Midftummer 1747 to Christmas 1748; and that from Christmas 1748 to Lady-day 1751, there will be due and in Arrear for the Land Tax the Sum of £.128. 14J. o d. and for the House and Window-Tax, for the farqe Time, the Sum of £.31. 5s. 3d. as appears by the Schedule to the said Petition annexed, which the Petitioners are not well able to pay, for the Reasons before-mentioned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the unhappy Circumstances of the Petitioners into Consideration, by once more commiserating their great Calamity and Sufferings, and by ordering a Clause in such Bill, as the House may think most proper, whereby the Petitioners may be forgiven home to Lady-day 1751; and alluring the House, that the Petitioners will not again, upon this Occasion or Misfortune, any further trouble the House, but will, for the present Concdlion, be extremely thankful.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1751, is committed.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Ciaufes for the Relief of the Petitioners, as to the Arrears of Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, as desired in the said Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, °*d‘ and others, the principal Inhabitants of the County of Durham, and of the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Road leading from the Town of Darlington, in the County of Durham, through the South-East End of Cockerton to Swan House, thence up Broom Dikes Lane

through the East End of the Town of West Aukland, over the River Gaundlejs; and from thence through Saint Helen's Aukland\ leading up the common Coal Road, to ' the Coal Mines at Greenfield, in the said County of Durhamr, belonging to Sir Robert Eden Baronet, as well in his own Right, as Lessee under Dr. George Sayer; and also through the West End of the said Town of West Aukland, over the said River Gaundlefs, and from thence, leading up the common Coal Road, to the Coal Mines belonging to William Pierfte Esquire, on Rayley Fell, nigh to the Red House on the said Fell, where Mr. David Jack/on now lives; and also the high Road, adjoining to the Turnpike Road lately made at Piercebridge Town End, and from thence, leading up the common Coal Road, to Leggs Crofts, at the Head of Bilderfthaw, in the said County of Durham, being the great and common Roads for all Carriages going from the South-East Parts of the said County of Durham, and North Riding of the County of York, to the said Coal Mines, and other Places, by reason of the Peepness of the Soil,* several steep Hills, and many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, are become very ruinous and much out of Repair, and in both the Winter and Summer Seasons, many Parrs thereof are so bad, that Coaches, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the same without Danger; and in regard the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament for raising Money for that Purpose; the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said Roads lead, being not of Ability to amend the fame:

Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Roads aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vane, Lord Dupplin> Mr.

Bowef, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Elliot, Sir Wm. C. Placket, Mr.

Vane junior, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr.

Charles Yownfthend, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hardinge, Mr,

Lascelles junior, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. West, Sir pranch Drake, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bojcawen,

Mr. Yumer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Yonge,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Proby, Mr* Comptroller, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Alderman JanJen, Mr.

Felt. Hervey, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Barrington, Sir Francis Dafthwood, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. John Yorke,

Mr. John Selwyn, Mr. Yuckfield, Mr. Geo. Yownfthend,

Mr. Bayntun, Sir Wm., Calvert, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Neale; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Com- Brumpto* mon-Council, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and In- HiSh Lane, habitants, of the Borough and Corporation of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York} and also of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and Common-Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster; as also of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in and near the aforesaid Places; was prefer ed to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the same County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham; and from thence, through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham; several Tolls were granted for repairing the said Road; and that, in 13 pursuance

24 Geo. II. 28°

pursuance of the said Act, Turnpikes have been erected on the said Road, and great Progress hath been made in repairing the lame, and a good Turnpike Road is finished from the said Town of Stockton upon Teas, lying on the East Seas, West ward to Catberick Bridge aforesaid, in the said County of York, and no farther; and alleging, that if a Turnpike Road was continued and extended from Catberick Bridge aforesaid, to the said Town of Lancaster, it would render the Provision and Intention of the said Act most extensive and effectual for the publick Utility, by opening a beneficial Commerce and Trade between the Eastern and Western Seas, by a much shorter and better Passage for all Sorts of Wheel and Horse Carriages than is now prafticabie, which would be of general Service to the Petitioners, and all Traders and Inhabitants in and to the said Ports of Stockton and Lane ester, and the Parts aforesaid; and that, if the said last mentioned Road was made a good Turnpike Road, all Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes would also be better supplied in all those Countries and adjacent Places, and at less Expence, to the great Improvement and Increase of Trade and Commerce in the Parts and Places aforesaid: And further setting forth, That the said Road, extending from the East End of Brompton High Lane, near Catberick Bridge aforesaid, and through the Town of Brompton upon Swale, and fb through the Town of Richmond aforesaid, and from thence over Httddejwell Moor to Half-penny House, and from thence over Bellerby Moor, and from thence through Preston Pasture, under, and on the South Side of, Scartb Nick, in the said Pasture, and from thence through the Towns and Townships of Ridmire and Capcrby, to and through the Town of AJkrigg, and from thence through the Town and Township of Bainbridge, all in the said North Riding of the said County of York, and over the Mountain Cam, and through the several Towns and Townships of Lower Bentham and Ingleton, in the said County of York, to the Town of Lancaster aforesaid; in many Parts thereof, and for several Miles together, is so bad, ruinous, narrow, and rocky, that it is totally impassable at some Times of the Year for any kind of Wheel Carriages; nor can the fame, by the several Days Works on the Highways, and the ordinary course and Provision of the Law, be so effectually amended and kept in good and sufficient Repair, as to make the same passable for Wheel Carriages; and that the said last mentioned Road is now dangerous to all Persons travelling thereon; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said last-menrioned Road doth lie, are not of Ability to repair the fame, without some other Provision made for that Purpose, the necessary Materials for amending the same being in many Places at a great Distance: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for repairing the Road from the East End of Brompton High Lane, near Catberick Bridge aforesaid, and through the Town of Brompton upon Swale, and so through the Town of Richmond aforesaid, and from thence over Huddefwell Moor to Half-penny House, and from thence over Bellerby Moor, and from thence through Preston Pasture, under, and on the South Side of, Scartb Nick, in the said Pasture, and from thence through the Towns and Townships of Ridmire and Ca-perby, to and through the Town of AJkrigg, and from thence through the Town and Township of Bainbridge, all in the said North Riding of the said County of York; and over the Mountain Cam, and through the several Towns and Townships of Lower Bentham and Ingleton, in the said County of York, to the Town of Lancaster aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Downe, Mr. Proby, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Vol. 26.

Yorke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wiljbn, Mr. Marion, Mr.

Daifton, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Wright, Mr. Allgood, Mr.

Wigley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Peter Thompson,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. GybboH, Mr.

John Yorke, Mr. Bqyntun, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Colleton, Mr, Martin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Dur~ bam, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmorland: Ant! they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bathurst, according to Order, reported from the Trials by Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Jury* better Regulation of Trials by Jury, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wkh the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time One by One; and (except One of them, which was difagrtted to) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be in* grossed.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Iflingtoa Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and other Inhabi- Church, tants, of the Parish of Saint Mary Ifltngton, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foftoweth; viz.

To prove what is alledged in the said Petition, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. John Lane, Mr. Thomas Burton, Mr. Thomas Meek, and Mr. John Benton; who, being severally examined, said, That the Church of Saint Mary Ifltngton is an ancient Fabrick, and the Petitioners have for many Years past, been at a continual expence in repairing and keeping up thcChurch; and the said Mr. Benton{who wasChurch* warden of the said Parish in the Year 1748) further gave Evidence, that the Repairs of that Church in that Year amounted to 50/. and upwards.

And, in order to prove the Condition of the said Church and Tower, the Petitioners called

Mr. Benjamin Tinibrell, Mr. James Steere, and Mt-Geof-ge Ufford, Surveyors; who were, by an Order of Vestry of the Parish, iappointed to survey the Church and Tower, as to the Condition thereof; and they being severally examined, laid, That they did, in October last, view and examine the Condition of the said Church and Tower; and found the Walls of the Church out of an Upright and very ruinous, and some Part of the Walls «were Eighteen Inches out of an Upright; and that the Timber of the Roof is decayed and extremely bad, and the Pavement of the Church is very much under the Surface of the Ground and Road adjoining to the Church-yard. And the Witnesses further said, that the Church is not capable of being repaired, and should have been pulled down many.

Years ago; and that it is extremely dangerous for any Person to attend Divine Service therein.

And the same Witnesses being examined, as to the Condition of the Tower of the Church, said, it was not so feeble as to be in immediate Danger of falling; yet it is necessary' the same should be taken down and rebuilt at the same Time the Church is rebuilt, in regard the same will be buried in respect to the new Church; that the Bond Timber will not hold; and that no. substantial Work can be made in rebuilding the said Church unless the Tower be likewise rebuilt.

The

2 8° Februarii.

72

A. 1750.

The Witnessfes last nailed being asked, What the Expence of rebuilding the said Church and Tower would amount to ? they said, That the Whole would amount to 7,000l. or thereabouts.

And, upon the whole, it appeared to the Committee, That the said Church is in a very ruinous and decayed Condition; and that there is a Necelfity for rebuilding the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary IJling-ton, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish: And that Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lowndes, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. West, Mr. Willes, and Mr. Gray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his

eution. Majesty’s Prison at the Castle of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Preventing Mr. Banks presented to the House, according to Order, RMin«y °* a ^or ^etter fecunng the Property of the Owners of meb. Mines from Theft and Robbery: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Foreign Pro- A Petition of the several Merchants, Traders, and :estants Nat. others, residing in or near the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Increase of People being the most certain Means of advancing the Wealth and Trade of a Nation, the Petitioners have, with the greatest Satisfaction, observed, by the Votes of this House, that a Bill hath been brought into Parliament for

a General Naturalization of Foreign Protestants; and alleging, that the Petitioners have been by long Experience thoroughly convinced, that the passing of the said Bill into a Law will be of the greatest Utility to this Nation, as it hath a natural Tendency to increase the Number of Manufacturers, and reduce the Price of Labour, whereby the Merchants of this Kingdom will be enabled to export the Manufactures of this Country to foreign Markets cheaper, and in greater Quantities, than they have been able to do, by reason that this Nation is under-worked, and consequently under-fold, by foreign Manufacturers: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

The Names subscribed to the said Petition were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Heath Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duke, according to the Direction of the last Will and Tef-tament of Richard Duke Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1750, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services, incurred in the Year 17 jo, not provided for by Parliament

£. s.

To Major Caulfield, for the Expences of carrying on the new Roads in North Britain 7,162 4 Tjo Ditto, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges

500

To Captain David Wation, Deputy Quarter-master-General in North Britain, for his Expences in surveying the Highlands, and for purchasing Mules, Forage, &V. and Payment of Guides, to the 24 December 1749 - -

To him more, on Account of the said Service, for the Year 1750 To the Pay of his Assistants, to the 24 December 1749

619 19 900 o 146 o

For One Year’s Coals and Candle, furnished by Mr. Gardiner, to the Garrisons of Port William, Castle Duarty and JJle of Mull, to the 24 December 1749 - For One Year’s Fire and Candle to the Barrgck-Master-General in North Britain, to several Garrisons in the Highlands, to the 24th December 1749 To General Churchill, for so much expended for his Majesty’s Service in North Britain,

Anno 1749 -

To Messieurs Ttmbrell, Barlow, and Spencer, in full of a ContraCl for building Stabling,

Gi^rd Rooms, and other Coveniencies, for the Horse Guards, near Buckingham Gate -

To satisfying the Contractors for supplying the Forces in Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the Sixpence per Man per Week, stopt from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuant to ConcraCl - -

To his Majesty’s Proportion of the Expence of Coals, furnished to the Garrison of Gibraltar - -

To Thomas Revell Esquire, Contractor for victualling Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to compleat that Service, as well for victualling as for Insurance, and all incident Charges, to the 16th December 17JO To Chauncey Fownjhend Esquire, for Coals and Wood furnished to the Garrison of _ Louijlourgi Anno 1748 - -

To Ditto, for providing 3,150 Chaldron of Coals, by Colonel Hopfcn's Order, for the

Garrison of Louisbowg ----- 3*836

2,293 *7

9 0

To Mr. Gould, to make good to late General Phillips’s Regiment, the Value of Provisions supplied out of the Regiment’s Stores to the New England Auxiliaries, ent from time to time to Annapolis Royal, during the late War; at 4 d, a Man per Dum - -

7,662

d.

4 o

1,665 *9 3 700 13 6

675 17 o 300 O o

565 O o

2,275 o o

575 ° o

824 6 8

6,130 6. 7

2,619 1S 5

To

it

lilt

j'i

r«c

' lit 1.1 1.1 1.1

1.


ft

l!

1

Heath*

Name.

Army Extra-ordinaries.

24 Geo. II. 28° Februarii. — 10

To several American Captains, for their Losses and Services in railing Companies in North America, for the intended Expedition against Canada - -

To Captain John Honyman, as a Recompence for a Company raised by him in North America, for the same Service - -

To Grass-Money to General Cholmonde/ey's Regiment of Dragoons To Ditto to Sir John Ugonier's Regiment -

To Ditto to Sir Robert Rich's Regiment -

To Ditto to Lord Rothes's Regiment -

73

236

2 76

236

216

d.

To several Bills drawn by Admiral Bofcawen> from the East Indies, on Account of Quarters, Cures, and Funeral Charges, of the sick and wounded Men from the Artillery and Independent Companies under his Command To Governor Trelaumey* for Expences on the Muf^uetto Shore, and for the Expences of the Samblas Indians, and Spanish Guides and Spies ... To Colonel Hopjon, for the Hire of a Sloop to tcansport Part of Colonel Shirley's and Sir William Pepperrell’s Regiments from Louijbourg, and for hiring and fitting fc-vcral Transports, by Order of Colonel Cornwallis^ with Intent to bring Part of the Forces from Cape Breton to Nova Scotia -

To Captain Nelson^ for 2idi Subsistence of Serjeants, 4 Corporals, 2 Drums and 100 private Men, of his late Independent Company at South Carolina, from the ijth Mdy to the 9th July 1749* the Day of Difbandment -To Colonel Heron's Bill of 5th June 1749, to Messieurs Kenneth and Benjamin Mickie, for the Hire of a Schooner to transport the Three Independent Companies from Georgia to South Carolina -

To Ditto’s Bill of the 20th May 1749* for Bounty Money to Soldiers settling in Georgia after Difbandment -To Mr. Vere(fi> for Boat Service for Ditto, from the 30th of May to ad September

1749 -

60 18 o

50 0 0 IOO o o 169 12 O

For the Pay of the supernumerary Officers and private Men of Colonel Trelawney's Regiment, from the 25th of December 1748 to the 24th April 1749, the Day of their Difbandment - -

For the deficient Off-reckonings of the said disbanded Men, from the 25th April to the 24th June 1749, the Determination of their cloathing Assignment - -

For the Pay of the Garrison of Rattan* from the 25 th of December 1748 to the 26th December 1749 - -

To Chuuncey Trtonjhend Esquire, Contractor for victualling the Garrison of Rattan, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to compleat that Service, as well for Victualling as for Insurance, and all incident Charges, to the aforesaid Time To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establiftmjent of Colonel Lefcelles's Regiment, from the 1 ft June 1750, the Day of their Embarkation from Ireland for Nova Scotia* to the 24 December following, inclusive To Bounty-Money and Sword-Money to 48 Serjeants, 48 Corporals, 5 Drums, and 231 private Men, of the disbanded 12 Independent Companies, lately in the East Indies - -

To 151 Days foil Pay of the said Companies, from the 25th of December ij+y to the 24 May 1750, when they were disbanded For 2 Years Clothing of 48 Serjeants at 4V. 10;. each, 48 Corporals, 4 Drums, and aji private Men, at 3/. as. each -

£- s. d. 3,500 o o 400 6 o

945 0 a

3,003 4 0

1,827 6 2

529 10 o

380 10 o

1,852 6 2 363 3 6

941 19 4

3,902 2 6 591 13 6

181 15 8 4,416 15 o 1,155 6 0

War-Office,

17 th February 1.750-1.

Total - £.

a. F

SO S3 16

47.9^4 14 3

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Offices an4 The Order of the Day befog read, for the House to re-

Employ- folvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify chetfselves for Offices and Employments within the ( Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for

0 that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

}SI.

So it was refolded in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee )f the whole House-Refolvedy That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-fig next, resolve itself foco a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Foreign Pr* The other Order of the Day being read;

|J testanu Nit A Bill fof naturalizing foreign Protestants, was read a Second time:

A Motion was made, and the Qoeftion being put, That the Bill be committed \

The House divided:

The Yeas Went forth:

Veneris, 1° die Martii;

Anno 240 Georgii lldi Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

A BILL for enabling James Langjion, formerly called Haughton’# James Haughton, and his Heirs, to use the Sur- Name' name, and bear the Family Arms of Ltmgfton, pnrfiianc , to the Will of James Langston* his Uncle, deceased, was read a Second time.

U Resolved,

Debtors

Petition.

Nar

Navigation.

Wendover, &c. Rqod.

74

Rejoined\ That the Bill be committed to Mr. Belchier, Lord Stratify^ Mr. Bond, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gylbon, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Browne, Sir 70A# Rujhouty Mr. Prowje, Mr. Townshend, Sir Veter Warren, Lord Downe, Mr. Great heed, Mr. FelloWes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Py//.r, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Powney, Colonel Stamvix, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Cornewally Mr. Whichco'ty Mr. Barry, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. JVi?*/*, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Yorke, Sir Francis Drake, Sir William StanhopeMr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Gr^y, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Jo/w Yorkey Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of the Marshalsea, in behalf of themselves, and all others, Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

OrderedThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Townshend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the River Nar navigable from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, and of several Persons inhabiting within the said County, and frequently travelling upon the Road leading from Buckingham, through Wendover, to the Eighteenth Mile Stone on Red Hill’ near Oak Lane, in the said County, and from thence to Beconsfield, in the said County, and to the River Coin, near Uxbridge, that divides the said County from that of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said first-mentioned Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted for Twenty-one Years, from the 25th March 1722; and that, by the last mentioned Act, the said Tolls, and Ibme of the Powers, were continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and that several Inconveniencies and Difficulties have’arisen, in relation to the Execution of the last-mentined Ad, from certain Alterations therein made, by means whereof several Parts of the said Road still remain in a very ruinous Condition, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act is not repaid: That that Part of the said Road leading from Wendover to the Eighteenth Mile Stone on Red Hill, near Oak Lane, and from thence , to Beconsfield, and to the River Coin, near Uxbridge, that divides the County of Buckingham from that of Middlesex, is in several Places very deep and founderous, and Travellers and Carriages pass with great Inconvenience and Danger; and that the said Road cannot be repaired by the Laws in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom; and alleging, that the Amendment of that Part of the Road which leads from Wendover to the Eighteenth Mile Stone aforesaid, and from thence to Be-cornfield, and to the River Coin, near Uxbridge aforesaid, will tend to the increasing of the Tolls already granted by the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, and also for repairing the other Parts of the said Road; viz. from Wendover to the Eighteenth Mile Stone on Red Hilly near Oak Lane, and from thence to Beconsfield, and to the River Coin, near Uxbridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

A. 1750.

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Belchier,

Mr. Lowndes, Lord Strange, Mr. Towns,send, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. West, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr.

Prowje, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lyjler,

Mr. Ttacy, Lord GeO. Bentinck, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bayntun,

Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Cornewally Sir James Dashzvood,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Browne,

Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Geo. Tovdhjhend, Mr. Pro by. Sir John Cujl, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Lynch Cotton, Lord Egmont, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Cary, Mr. Great heed. Lord John Murray, Sir John Saville, Mr. Thcrnbagb, Mr. Thorn* ton, Lord Downe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Oxford, Gloucester, Wor* cefier, Hereford, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record's.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Duties o« Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manu^ Dnen-Yara. faClory, in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders-and Dealers therein, within the said Town and Parish> and irt the Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Stripes and chequer- Ditto, ed Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Wigan, in the Coun-ty of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and Mother the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, And the Traders and Dealers therein, within the said Town and Parish; and 1st the Parts adjacent: *

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally setting forth, That by an Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on foreign Cam bricks imported into Great Britain, and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported,’a Bounty is given of One Penny for every Yard of British and Irish Linens, made of Hemp or Flax, of the Value of Sixpence, per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Twelve Pence per Yard; and of One Half-penny for every Yard of such British and Irish Linens, under the Value of Sixpence per Yard; which, from and after the 25th Day of March, which was in the Year 1743, and within the Term of Seven Years, to commence from the said 25th of March, or at any Time afterwards, before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, or Portugal, or which should be exported to Spain, from and after the Time it should be lawful to export such Linens into that Kingdom; and that, by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for the allowing of certain additional' Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens,’ a further Bounty of One Half-penny (over and above the Bounty or Allowance given by o the before*mentioned Act) was given for every Yard of British and Irish Linens made of Hemp or Flax, of the Value of Five Penctper Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Twelve Pence per Yard, which, between the 24th Day of June, which was in the #'

Year 1746, and the 25th Day of March 1750, or at any Time thereafter, before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Portugal Gibraltar, or the Island of Minorca, or which should

be

i° Martii.

*4 Geo. II. i Mart75

be exported to Spain, from and after the Time that it should be lawful to export such Linens into that Kingdom; and that, by another Act, made in the Twenty-frcond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the same several Bounties are continued to be paid in like Manner, and under the like Regulations, as directed by the before-mentioned Acts, from and after the 25th Day of March 1750, for and during the further Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that, besides the said Bounties given by Parliament to the Exporters of British and Irish Linens, the Linen-Board in Ireland, for the further Encouragement of their coarse Linen Manufacture, have, by printed Papers, yearly published by their Secretary Mr. Newburgh for some Years past since the said Bounties first took place, promised very high Premiums to the Manufacturers of the greatest Quantities of Linen Cloth, made fit for the Use of the Servants and Negroes in the British Colonies and Plantations, and for other Uses mentioned in the said printed Papers, upon the Exportation thereof; and that a very considerable Trade in striped and chequered Linen Goods, made mostly of Irish Yarn, and manufactured in the said Towns and Parishes of Manchester and Wigan, and Parts adjacent, hath for many Years last past been carried on and flip-ported by the Petitioners, and others concerned in that Manufactory, and large Quantities of such striped and chequered Goods of the Value of Six Pence, and not exceeding the Value of Twelve Pence, per Yard, have been yearly exported to the British Colonies and Plantations, and other foreign Parts, without the Aid of the said Bounties, which do not extend to any Linens exported which are striped or chequered; and that a Duty of One Half-penny per Pound is laid by the Parliament of Ireland upon all Linen Yarn exported out of that Kingdom, amounting to 5/.per Cent.oi thereabouts,upori an Average, Which Duty the Petitioners are the less able to bear, forasmuch as the Expence of Factorage, and bringing thdr Yarn from Ireland, is a further Charge of 5 /. per Cent. at the lead, upon the Yarn bought there, which other Manufacturers of Linen Goods are not liable to; and that, by the Aid of the said Bounties, and by the Encouragement given from the Lineri Board in Ireland, to their Manufacturers of coarse Linen Cloth, they are enabled to give, and do now give, higher Prices for Yarn than the Petitioners, under the Disadvantages before set forth, can afford to give; and that the Petitioners, finding a sensible Decay in their Trade, will be obliged to cease from making several Articles in the Linen Way, which have hitherto contributed very greatly to the Employment of the many Poor Families in that populous Country, and have been generally allowed to makeup a valuable Branch of Trade, that may, as the Petitioners apprehend, fall into the Hands of the French, or other Foreigners, unless some Method is taken by Parliament to ease the Petitioners, with respect to the above-mentioned Disadvantages they lie under in providing Yarn from Ireland, and for the Encouragement of the Exportation of striped and chequered LinenGoods manufactured in this Country: And therefore praying the House, to take the P remits into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein as the same of the Petitioners requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Duties on Li- A Petition of the Manufacturers, and other the Traders

m Yarn* and Dealers in the Linen and Cotton Manufactures, within the Town and Parish of Blackburn, in the County of Lancojicr, and Parts adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and

Di^ Pan* adjaccnt: And,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, the Traders Vol. tz6.

and Dealers in the Linen and Cotton Manufacture within the Town and Parish of Preston, in the County of LaH~ tajier, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and Parts adjacent:

Were also federally presented to the House; and read; severally setting forth, That the Manufacturers of the said Towns and Neighbourhood have, for many Years past, worked Up large Quantities of Irish Yarn into Cheques, and other Goods, and many Thousands of poor People have therein been employed, and thereby enabled to support their Families; and that several Bounties, amounting to Three Halfpence per Yard, are granted by Parliament upon the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens; and that, over and above the said Bounties, the Linen-Board in Ireland have annually published extraordinary Premiums for the Encouragement of their Linen Manufacture; and that, since the said Bounties first took place, and the great Encouragement given by the Lirien-Board o( Ireland, the Price of Yarn is greatly advanced; and chat, besides the superior Advantages to the Irish Manufacturers, the Petitioners labour under Difficulties which the other are not fdbjeft to, for that all Yarn exported from Ireland, is charged by the Parliament there with a Duty of One Half-penny per Pound, and the additional Charges of bringing the same home to be , manufactured are very considerable; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that unless some Method is taken by Parliament to enable the Petitioners to provide Yarn upon easier Terms to carry on the Manufacture, and to put them on a more equal Footing with their Fellow Subjects, many vefy considerable Branches of the Trade of that Part of the Kingdom will be greatly lefleried if not entirely loft, to the Ruin of many poor Families employed therein:

And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Relief as the Nature of the same requires, and to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Maniifafturers and others, the Traders Dudes on and Dealers in the Linen and Cotton Manufacture within Linen Yarn* the Town and Parish of Stockport, in the County of Chester, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manufacturers of that Town and Neighbourhood have, for many Years past, worked up large Quantities of Irish Yarn into Cheques, and other Goods, and many Thousands of Poor have been therein employed, and enabled to support their Families; and that great Quantities of Goods manufactured there, have been annually exported to his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations, and other foreign Parts; and that several Bounties are granted by Parliament, amounting to Three Halfpence per Yard, upon the Exportation of British and Irish Linens of the Value of Six Pence and not exceeding Twelve Pence per Yard, which Bounties do not extend to our chequered and striped Linens, notwithstanding those Goods, manufactured in the said Towh and Parts adjacent, are exported to the same Places abroad for the like Use, and are of the same Value as the Linens which gain the said Bounties; and that, over and above the said Bounties, the Linen-Board in Ireland have annually pub-Jished extraordinary Premiums for the Encouragement of their Linen Manufacture; and that besides the superior Advantages to the Irish Manufacturers, the Petitioners labour under Difficulties which the other are not subjected to, the coloured Linens manufactured in the said Town, and Parts adjacent, being almost wholly wrought of bish Yarn, upon which there is a Duty granted by the Parliament of Ireland of One Half-penny per Pound, which, together with the Charges of bringing the said 1 arn to the

Extending Time for subscribing Annuities.

Wilson’i

Name.

16 to Mar h1750.

laid Towrt, and Parts adjacent, to manufacture, are very Considerable* and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, unless some Method is taken by Parliament* to enable the Petitioners to provide their Yarn upon eaGer Terms, to Carry on the Manufacture, and to put them on a more equal Footing with their Fellow-Subjects, many very considerable Branches of the Trade of that Part of the Kingdom will be greatly lCfiened, if not entirely loft, to the Ruin of many poor Families employed therein: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration and to give such Relief as the Nature of the same requires, and as co the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were ordered to be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to examine, and state to the House, the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petitions:

And they are referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bold, Mr. West, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Browne, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Bel-chier, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Drake* Mr. Prowje, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Limerick, Mr. Gybbon, "Lord Egmoht, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Southwell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Boone, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Whichcct, Mr. Je-nyns, Mr. Proby, Mr. Phillipfon} Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Saville, Mr. Willes, Mr, Thornton, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Lyster, Colonel Stanwfx, Mr. Cocks, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Winhihgton, Colonel Bocland, Mr. Neale, Lord John Murray, Sir John Cust, Mr. LaJcelleSj Lord Downe, Mr. Alexander Hume; and all the Members who serve for the County of Lancaster, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the: Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Ratyh WiUet, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, That the Petitioner is now, and has long been, possessed of 3,000l. Old South Sea Annuities, (landing in his own Name, and in his own Right; and chat the Petitioner embarked for the Island of Saint Christopbers, in America, in September 1749, and did not return* from thence till the latter end of May last and that therefore it was not in his Power to subscribe his said Annuities, and accept of the Terms proposed by the Vote of this House of the 29th of November 1749, within the Tinle limited* and that he had not left any Authority with any Person here, further than to receive the Dividend on the said Annuities, in his Absence: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and that the said 3,000l. Old South Sea Annuities, belonging to, and (landing in the Name of, the Petitioner, may have the Benefit of the Offer made the Annuitants by the Vote of this House, of the 29th of M-vember 1749* or that the House will grant such other Relief, as they shall fee meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Thomlinfon is referred: And that they do examine, and date to the House, the Matter of FaCl contained in this Petition.

A Petition of John Fenwick, of Burrow Hall, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, heretofore cdWt&John Wilson, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, That Robert Fenwick, late of Burrow Hall aforesaid, made his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date the 4th Day of November 1747, and thereby gave, devised, and bequeathed, all his Copyhold Messuages, Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all other his Manors, Messuages, Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, and real Estate, whatsoever, in the Counties of Northumberland, Lnncdshire, Yorkshire, and Westmoreland, and elsewhere, unto his Brother, Nicholas Fenwick, and the Heirs Male of his Body; Remainder to the Petitioner, John-Fenwick,

for his Life, punishable for, and subject to, Waste; and from and after the Determination of that Estate, to the Use of'Trustees therein named and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders, therein after limited* and from and after his Deteafe* to the Use of the First, Second, Third, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of Ihe Petitioner lawfully begotten, successively in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over* in which said Will the said Testator did declare,thattheDevife therein before contained to the said John Fenwick, and his Sons, respectively, and to their respective Heirs Male, was upon this Condition, That they did and should federally, when and as soon as they and their Heirs Male, and each and every of them, should come into actual i*offcflion and Sefin of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, by virtue of his the said TestacoPs Will, or of any Devise or Limitation therein contained, take iipon themselves, and always constantly use thereafter, and retain his th^ saidTestator’s Surname of Fenwick, without any additional Name or Names co be given them respectively &t Baptism, or any other Name, except their common Christian-name being added to his said Surname, at any Time, or in any manner whatsoever, and also his Coat of Arms, and no other* that the said Robert Fenwick, the Testator, died without Issue, fomecime after making his Will, without revoking or altering the fame; and the said Nicholas Fenwick, the TefhtoPs Brother, is also fihee dead, without Issue, having first made his last Will and Testa-merit, in Writing, bearing Date the 9th DSy of September 1748, and thereby given and devised hisMahor of CAoughton, in the County of Lancaster, and all his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Fiereditaments, and real Estate, situate within the Township of Caton with Clougbton, arid Greftingham, with EJkrigg, in the said County, or either of them, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, unto his Brother, the said Robert Fenwick, and the rfeirs Male of his Body lawfully ’begotten 5 and in Default thereof, unto his Nephew, the Petitioner, John Fenwick, for his Life, subject to Waste* and from and after the determination of that Estate, to the Use of Two Trustees in the Will named, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner, in Trust, to jpreserve contingent Remainders; and after his Decease, to the Use of his First, and every other Son and Sons lawfully to be begotten, succesrively in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and that the said1 Testator Nicholas Fenwick, did thereby declare his Will and Mind to be, and did give, limit, and devise, the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ‘Hereditaments, arid real Estate, upon this express Condition, That such Person or Persons who should severally inherit the ifame, in manner as aforesaid, should take upon him and them, iand always use, the Name of Fenwick, as and for their Surname, and no other Surname whatsoever* and that the Petitioner hath, ever since the Decease of the said Nicholas Fenwick, been in the actual Possession and Sefm of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, so devised to him as aforesaid and in Compliance with, and Performance of, the several Conditions contained and inferred in the said Wills, taken upon himself, and been called by, the Surname of Fenwick only and is willing and desirous that the said Surname, and the Arms, of that Family, may be established and confirmed in and upon him, arid his Issue Male, by Authority of Parliament:

And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in to enable him, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Fenwick only, and bear the Arms of that Family, pursuant to the Wills of the said Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fenwick.

Ordered, That Leave be given 10 bring in a 6iil, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilson, and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, Justic’es of & kblc the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy; and Freeholders, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, afferabled* at the AflTzes IJ held

Kibble

Bridge.

Ditto.

Ditto.

24 Geo. II. i° Martli.

77

held for the said County, oil Friday the 31st Day of August, in the Year of our Lord 1750, on behalf of themselves, and others. Inhabitants of the same County: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the same County: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, being the Common-Council of the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and others. Inhabitants of the same Borough: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common-Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liver* poole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally setting forth, That the Fords through the River Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, in the said County Palatine, are, by reason of the great Frefhes and Tides which have lately happened therein, become so deep and foun-derous, that his Majesty's Subjects, when such Frefhes and I ides are our, cannot, especially in the Winter-Season, pass through the fame, on Horseback, or with Carts or Carriages, without very great Danger; and several Persons have lately lost their Lives, in endeavouring to pass through the fame; and that although the Ford, or Place of Passage, hath of late Years been changed, or removed from One Part of the said River to another, as hath, from time to time, been thought most safe and convenient, yet still the new Fords, or Places of Passage, by often using, are become as deep and founderous as the old ones; so that the Passage through the said River will, in all Probability, be entirely loft in a little Time, or rendered so dangerous, that few or none will venture to pass through the fame; and that the said Fords are the great and common high Road leading from the Towns of Uvet poole, Qrmjkirk, and other South-weft Parts of the said County Palatine, unto the Towns of Preston, Lancaster, and other the North and North-weft Parts of the same County, and so on to Kendal, Carliftle, and to Norib Britain, which Road is greatly tiled, and through which many Land Carriages pals; and that in all Probability, the said Passage will loon be entirely loft: and if so it will be of the utmost ill consequence to the said County Palatine, and to the Trade and Manufactures thereof, and to the Persons tiling the said Road; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the only Method of keeping and preserving a convenient and safe Passage over the said River, will be by erecting a publick County Bridge over the said River, between the said Townships of Preston, and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fifth Houfte, where there is a good and firm Foundation for a Bridge; but that although the erecting of such a Bridge will be of general Advantage to the said County, andofgreat Benefit to the Persons travelling that Road, and, in all Probability, will preserve the Lives of many of his Majesty’s Subjects, yet the said Bridge cannot be erected, or Money raised for that Purpose, or for the Repair of the fame, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in, for erecting a publick County Bridge over the said River, at such Place as shall be thought most convenient, and for raising Money for that Purpose, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideradon of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Prowfey Mr. Bold, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Barry, Vol. 26.

Mr. Claytoriy Mr. Dowdeftwell, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Li-mericky Mr. Gildarty Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Saluftbury, Mr.

Hardingey Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bayntuny Mr. Boone, Mr.

Rowney, Sir John Custy Mr. Bond, Mr. Hamilton, Mr*

Westy Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Colletony Lord Downe, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Phillipfton, Mr. Plumptrey Mr. Laroche, Mr. Mitchell,

Mr. Lyster, Mr, Fell owes, Mr. Harvey, Sir Nathanael Curzony Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fownjhend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Boc~ land; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestry- Excessive use men, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Martin in the of Spirit*. Fields> in the Liberties of West min fter, and County of Middleftexy whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, Thar, by the frequent and excessive Ufc of Spirituous Liquors,

Religion is scandalously prophaned, the Health of the People destroyed, their Strength and Subfiance wasted, their Lives shorcened, and the Human Species lessened and decreased; and thatldleness and Disorder take place of Industry and Morality amongst the labouring and common People; and that numberless grievous Disorders,

Robberies in the Streets, and elsewhere, and even Murders, are committed, by the common Use of low-priced Spirituous Liquors; and that if an immediate Reftrainc is not put to this pernicious Vice, it will not only increase the above-mentioned Evils, but also tend to the Destruction of the Trade and Power of the Kingdom: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideradon, and apply such Remedy, as to the House shall seem most fitting.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and-Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Supply Bill; Sum of Money therein to be mentioned, to be raised by Lottery, &c. way of Annuities, and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, was read the Third time.

Reftolvcdy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Two millions One hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence/

An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Sir John Cust do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants of the same County, was presented to the House,

X and

Preston

&c.

Road.

Stamford,

&c.

Roads.

Trials by Jury.

Merced

Company’s

filiate.

78 i0 Martii. A. 1750*

and read setting forth, That the Highways betwixt the Boroughs of Preston and Lancaster, in the said County, leading through the Townships of Fullwood, Broughton, Barton, My erf cough. Bits borrow, Claugbton, Barniker, Bonds, the Market-Town of Garjiangs Cabas, For ton, Cleveley, EUel, Burrow, and Scotforth, and also the Highways from the said Borough of Lancaster, through Skerton, Sline, Bolton by the Sands, Carnforth, Borrwick, Priest, Hutton, and Dalton, to a small Rivulet, or Place called Herring Syke, that separates the said Councy of Lancaster from the County of West morland (the whole being about Twenty-eight Miles in Length, and the great and only Road on the Western Side of this Kingdom, to North Britain, as well as the common Pod-Road, from the said Towns to London), by reason of the many heavy and frequent Carriages of Goods and Merchandizes, since the great ln-crease and Extension of Trade and Commerce of the said Town of Lancaster, are become ruinous, and almost impalpable, especially in the Winter Season; and feme Parts thereof arc so narrow, that Coaches and Carriages cannot pass one by another; and that the ordinary Provisions made by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in force, are not sufficient for the effectual Repairing, Widening, and Amending, the said Highways and Roads; nor are the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Townships, thereby liable to repair the fame, of Ability so to do, without some further Provision be made for that Purpose, in regard that some Parcs of the said Roads lie at a great Distance from Stones, Gravel, and other Materials necessary to amend the fame; nor can the said Highways be effectually repaired, without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in, for Repairing, Widening, and Amending, the said Roads, or'Highways, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bold, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Haw. Browne, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Saville, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Cust, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Northey, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Proby, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hill, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bond, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Neale, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Bourchier Wrey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the My-ftery of Mercers, of the City of London, and of Alexander Stewart, of Newtown, in the County of Down, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced

An Act of Parliament made and passed in the 21 ft Year

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, in the City of London; which being, in Parc read, it appeared, That the Trustees, in whom the legal Interest of the Estates, comprized in certain Indentures of the 3d and 4th of ORober 1699, and of the ift and 2d June 1741, in the said Act mentioned, was then veiled, might refuse to act; and that it might be for the Benefit of the said Annuitants, that Building and Repairing Leases should beletr, of the several Estates that are within the City of London, and County of Middlesex; and also, that for a Term of Years, or for Lives and a Term of Years, such of the said Estates as are in the Kingdom of Ireland, should be lett; it was therefore enacted, That it should be lawful for your Petitioners, the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Succeflfors from time to time, to demise and lease all, or any Part of the said Estates (except as therein after is excepted) for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding 21 Years absolute, in Pofleftloa and not in Reversion, reserving the most improved Rene that could be got for the fame, without taking any Fine, or other Thing by way of Income, for granting any Lease, or Leases thereof; and so as no such Lease or Leases be made difpunishable of Waste, and the respective Leftfees ter seal Counter-parts thereof; with a Provisoe in the said Act contained, That it should be lawful for your Petitioners, the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors, to demise and lease the Manor of Mercers, Part of the said Estates in the Kingdom of Ireland, wich the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, or any Parr or Parts thereof, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding 61 Years in Possession, or for 61 Years in possession and for the Lives of any Three Persons and the Life of the longer Liver of them; and should and might take such Fine or Fines, or other Consideration, for the'granting such Lease or Leases, and reserve such Rent or Rents thereon, as could be reasonably obtained* so as the reserved Rent upon such Lease or Leases be not less than the Rent then reserved; and also, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Commonalty to demise and lease the several Meftbages and Tenements, Part of the said Estates, ficuate in or near Long Acre, in the County of Middlesex, and all other the Messuages or Tenements belonging to the said Estates* which they should deem necessary to lett, upon Building or Repairing Leases, according to the common or usual Method of letting such Leases; viz. The Building Leases, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding 61 Years; and the Repairing Leases, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding 41 Years, to commence from the Date or Dates of such Lease or Leases; and should and might take such Fine or Fines, or other Consideratkm and such yearly or other Rent or Rents for granting such Lease or Leases, as they should chink fit; in which Building Lease or LeafesPower should be given to the respective Lefiecs, or their Agents, to pull down and demolish the old Buildings and to dispose of the Materials, as they should respectively think fit; with a Provisoe, that no Lease or Leases of any Part of the said Estates (except the Estates in Ireland and Long Acre), should be granted, till within the Space of Three Years next before the Expiration of such Lease or Leases as were then in being.

Then there wa9 produced a Counter-part of the Lease of the Company’s Irish Estate, by which it appeared, that the same was leased out for 41 Years, which expires on the ift of November 1755: And the Wardens and Commonalty conceiving it to be for the Interest of all Parties concerned, that the said Estate in Ireland should be leased intirely, or in Parcels, for Three Lives, and Sixty-one Years, to commence from the Expiration of the Lease in being, did cause Advertisements, with the Consent of their Creditors, of such their Intention, and a Particular of the said Estates, to be printed and dispersed; which were produced, with the Condition on which such Lease or Leases would be granted and appointed, the 26th of September lad past, to consider of such Proposals as should be oiered.

And

24 Geo. II. T Martii. 79

And it further appeared to your Committee, That on the said Day Alexander Stewart Esquire, proposed to take a Lease of the Estate, as described in the said Particular, for the Term of Three Lives and Sixty-one Years, to commence from the ift Day of November 1755, at the yearly Rent of 420/. English Money, payable half-yearly, in London, without Deduction; and to give, as a Fine for such Lease, the Sum of 16,500/, English Money; viz. 5,500l. being One-third Pary hereof, upon the Acceptance of his Proposal by the General Court of the said Company, and his signing a Contraft in consequence thereof; and the Sum of 11,000 /. Residue of the said Sum of 16,50c/. within Three Months from the Date of the said Contraft, upon the Company’s sealing such Lease to him, a Counterpart of which Lease he likewise promised to execute; and it also appeared, that no other Person having bid so much, the said Mr. Stewart was, by a General Court of the said Company, approved of as the best Bidder for the said Lease; and the Wardens and Commonalty were thereby authorized to put the Company’s Seal to the said Contraft with the said Mr. Stewart.

And it likewise appeared to your Committee, That the Company are willing and desirous to carry the said Agreement into Execution, and Mr. Stewart is willing to accept the said Lease, and pay the Fine; but as the Trustees named in the said Deeds refuse to act, and the said Act only authorizes the Company to demise and lease the Premises in Ireland, so contracted for as aforesaid, for Sixty-one Years in Possession, or for Sixty-one Years in Possession, and for the Lives of any Three Persons, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, it is apprehended, that the Contraft and Agreement, made with Mr. Stewart, cannot be carried into Execution, nor a good Lease made to him of the Premises so contracted for, unless the Power of leafing be explained, amended, and rendered more effectual.

And your Committee observe. That the Power granted to the Company by the said Act, for letting their Estate in Long Acre upon building and repairing Leases, is defective; and as their other Estates in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, comprised in the said Deeds, confilt chiefly in Houses, many of which are out of Repair, and others require to be rebuilt, it would be for the Benefit of the said Estates that the Company should he enabled not only to grant Leases for Twenty-one Years, but also to grant repairing Leases for Forty-one Years, and building Leases for Sixty-one Years, as Occasion shall require, without taking any Fine for the same; but the Powers given by the said Act are not sufficient for that Purpose.

That by an Account produced to your Committee, it appeared, That the managing the said Trust Estates, for the Benefit of their Annuitants, and keeping the Variety of Accounts of and relating thereto, is necessarily attended withaconsiderable Expence, which the Company are not able to defray any other ways than out of the Rents and Profits of the respective Estates; but are very willing to accept of such Allowance in respect thereof, as shall be from time to time, annually settled and agreed to at an Assembly of their Annuitants and Creditors, to be held, pursuant to publick Notice in the Gazette, for that Purpose; which cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be for the Benefit of the Annuitants and Creditors of the said Company, to enable the Petitioners to confirm and make effectual the Agreement they have made with Alexander Stewart Esquire, for the Lease of their Irjftj Estate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be for the Benefit of the said Annuitants and Vol. 26.

Creditors to explain and amend the said Act of the lift Year of his present Majesty, with respect to the Powers of granting Leases of their respective Estates in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, which are comprised in the respective Deeds of the 3d and 4th of October 1699, and of the ift and 2d of June 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a reasonable Sum be allowed the Company, to defray the necessary Charges of the Execution of the several Trusts reposed, and intended to be reposed, in them.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inferring after " Estates," the Words " in Ireland as <c likewise."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, thus amended, That it will be for the Benefit of the said Annuitants and Creditors, to explain and amend the said Act of the 21st Year of Jris present Majesty, with respect to the Powers of granting Leases of their respective Estates in Ireland, as likewise in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, which are comprised in the respective Deeds of the 3d and 4th of October 1699, and of the ift and 2d of June 1741.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Two last of the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hardinge, the Lord Strange, and Mr. Fazakerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable George Lane, heretofore called George Fox’s Name. Fox Esquire, and his issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and for enrolling the said Will, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fitz. Scudamore, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Strange, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Boone,

Mr. Lyster, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Hardinge, Sir JVm.

Yonge, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Pytts,

Mr. Hunter, Lord Downe, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Haw.

Browne, Mr. Lowndes, Sir James Dafhwood, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Barry, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Bold, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr.

IVhicbcot, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Prcby, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hay, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Sir Edmund Ifham, Lord Egmont, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Lockyer, Lord Limerick; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Selby, Ac. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Roads, put in Execution an Act for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and fVibfey, to the Town of Hailifax, in the same Riding: And of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, F reeholders, Merchants, andother Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the West Riding of the said County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed: And also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names arc thereunto re- spectively

8o i° Martii.^.1750.

Selby, &c. spectively subscribed: And aIfo, the Petition of several Roadi. Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, and other Traders, and other Inhabitants, reading in and near the Town of HaUifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto respectively subscribed: And also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Tadcaster, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act, pasted in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Hortoriy and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Hallifaxy in the same Riding,was read: And

Mr. Edmund Lodge, being examined, laid, That several Turnpikes are erected, in pursuance of the said Act, between Selby and Leeds; but none nearer Leeds, than at a Place called WestGarforth, about Five Miles from Leeds; that if a Turnpike was erected nearer Leeds, more Money would be collected; and that the Road between Selby and Leeds is in many Places in a very ruinous Condition, dangerous for Travellers, and, in the Winter-Season, almost impassable:

That the Road from Tadcaster, over Brambam Moor, through Kidhall-Lane, over Winn Moor, and through Sea^ croft to Leeds, is Part of the High Road from York to Leeds, and between which Two last mentioned Places a great Trade is carried on, and which falls into the High Road from Selby to Leeds, at a Place called Halton Byal, Two Miles from Leeds; that the said Road between Tadcaster and Halton Byal, is in many Places lo narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass; and, by reason of the Nature of the boil, and the many heavy Carriages passing the fame, it is become very deep and ruinous, and dangerous for Travellers; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Methods appointed by the Laws now in being.

Mr. John Gibjon, being examined, said, He had surveyed the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Byal; and confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Edmund Lodge, with regard to the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for explaining and amending so much of an Act: passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Repairing and Enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town o(Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the said West Riding, over Bram-ham Moor, through Kidhall Lane, over Winn Moor, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Halton Byal, where it comes into the abovesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds: And that the Lord Bowne, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. George Selwyn, Sir Lionel Pilkinglon, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Heath's An ingrafted Bill, to enable John Heath Esquire, and

' ame. his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname, and Arms,

of Duke, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Richard Duke Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to enable John Heath Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname, and Arms, of Duke, accord-

ing to the Direction of the lift Will and Testament of Richard Duke Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, Foreign Proof the Borough of Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk testants Nat and Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, That the Bill depending in the House, for the general Naturalization of foreign Protestants, if passed into a Law, will be more likely toincrease the Poverty, than add to the Wealthy of this Nation; for that neither the Rich, nor the Industrious amongst them, need any such Inducement; and representing to the House, That a like Law being attempted, in the Reign of the late King William, it was rejected, on such national Considerations, as is presumed can never escape the Attention, nor lose the Regard, of this House;. and that when the Experiment was actually made, by passing a Law for that Purpose, in the Reign of the late Queen Anne, it was found so detrimental to the Publick Incereft, that it was afterwards repealed, and not without some Reflections on the Mischiefs it had produced; and that the Petitioners apprehend the fame, if not greater Mischiefs, may accrue by this intended Indulgence to Foreigners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Luds<wr Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woferton, and Roa<L Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead, at Orletcn, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Haw.

Browne, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. West, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Lane, Mr Town*

/bend, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hume, Mr. Ilay, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Buke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Vane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Myd~ delton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Winnington, Mr. lyfter, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Cooke, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Thornton,

Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Proby, Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Bold, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Colonel Bocland, Sir John Saville, Lord Strange, Lord Limerick, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Powney, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Bayntun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop,

Hereford, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ear3 of veiling divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, ia Egmont'* the County of Cor he, in the Kingdom of Ireland, com- ElUte. prized in the Marriage-Settlement of John Earl of Egmont, in him and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses of that Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hulfe'i impowering the Trustees, named in the Settlement made Estate. upon the Marriage of Edward Ilulfc Esquire, and Hannah his Wife, to lay out part of the Trust-Monies therein mentioned, in the Purchase of Reversionary Estates, as well as Lands in Possession, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage-Setdementi vrichPower to make Leases thereof,

according

24 Geo. II. I. — 4’ Martii. 81

according to the Custom of the Country; to which the gers of the Town's Funds, found it necessary, several Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Years ago, with the Consent and Approbation of the

And then the Messengers withdrew. said Sir John Schato, as Proprietor and Patron of the old

Parish of Greenock* to procure the Erection of a new Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Parish, and hare endowed the same with a competent Land Tax. rcf0]ve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Stipend; and that the Cleaning of the Harbour, and joining the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land- the Stone Piers, which form it, by a Wharf of Corew Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the munication, likeWife of Stone, on which will be erected

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rcf°'ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Offices and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Ptirpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Yonge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir John Cust have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Bail of Eg- And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

moni’sEstate. for vetting divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Corke\ in the Kingdom of Ireland, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Egrnnt, in him and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses of that Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 40 die Martiij Anno 24° Georgii IP* Regis, 17JO.

Prayers.

Greenock A Petition of the Managers of the Town of Greenock's Town and jTjL Funds, in behalf of themselves, and of the Mer-Harbour. chants, Shipmasters, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Finnart, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of Greenock, ficuated on the River C7y<&,stands remarkably well ficuated for carrying on both foreign and coasting Trade; infomuchthat, from the early Appearances thereof, the Honourable Sir John Schaw Baronet, principal Proprietor of the said Town, with its Inhabitants, about the Year 1705, begun, by a Voluntary Subscription, to build a Harbour; which, though not fully executed, is, from its natural Advantages, one of the most commodious in North Britain i and that the Town, by its Trade, has already become so populous and considerable, that the Petitioners, the Mana-Vol. 26,

Warehouses for the immediate Reception of Merchant-dizes of all Sorts, landed there; the Building of a new Church, Town-house, a Publick Clock, Poor and Schooi-Houses, and Market-Places for Meal and Flcfli* arc necessary, and much wanted; and that, in order to carry on the said Works, and to put the Town in such a Situation, as may render its natural Advantages useful to itielf, and the adjacent Country, it will be necessary to lay otit a very considerable Sum of Money, which the Town has no Revenue to answeri And therefore praying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be for Sale brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold, wkhin the said Town and Baronies of Easier and Wester Greenock and Fimart, payable by the Brewers,

Venders, Sellers, and Tapsters, of such Ale and Beer, during such Terms of Years, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tfaeCon-sideration of a Committee: And that they dd examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Campbell, Sir John Cufi,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Hilly Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fel-lowes, Sir Harry ErfkinCy Mr. Townshend, Mr. Thornton,

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Ker, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Wttidtfon, Lord Parker, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kynqfion, Mr.

HardingCy Sir Edward Fleering, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Lyfiery Mr. Neale, Sir Wm, Middleton, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Brooks bank, Lord John Murray, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Moreton; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they arc to meet this A fternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Cdiiimittee, to whom Champion’s the Petition of William Champion, of the City of Bristol\ Manufacture Merchant,was referred. That thfe Committee had examined 0 ?cltcr,( the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appeared to your Committee, That the Petitioner had closely applied himself, for a great Part of his Lifej to the Study df Mineral Productions, and Metalick Operations; and he finding, that the supplying of Toutonege, commonly called Spelter, depended chiefly upon the Importation thereof from the East Indies, wherfcby the same was rendered a fluctuating Commodity, and the Persons making use thereof in their Manufactures, were frequently disappointed and distressed, and the Manufacturers embar-tasted from the exccfiive Prices the Ingrossers, at Times, advanced it to, particularly in the Year 1731, when Spelter got up to so high in Price as 260/. per Ton; whereupon the Petitioner tried for a Discovery of the Arc and Mystery of making Spelter, that there might be a con-stanc and regular Supply thereof in England, on moderate Terms and Prices; about that Time the Petitioner entered into lohg Trial of Experiments, and pursued the same Six Years successively, with great Study, Application, and Expence; and having in the Year 1737 overcome the principal Difficulties, the Petitioner applied to his present Majesty for his Letters Patent, for the foie Exercise of the Art and Mystery of making Spelcer* which his Majesty was most graciously pleased ragranc accordingly, the §ixth of July, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign*

Y which

Champion’* Manufacture of Spelter.

Ouze Navigation.

Woodstock

Roads.

Si

which Patent was laid before, and read to, your Com-hmtee; whereby it appeared, that the fastne Was to be in force for the Term of Fourteen Years.

Upon obtaining the said Letters Patent, the Petitioner erected large Buildings, and made other useful Conveniences, for the effectual carrying on the making of Spelter; wherein he expended and laid out 7,000l. or thereabouts, and made about 200 Tons,which he, from time to time, exposed to Sale; and when it came to Market, it had the Preference of any that had been imported.

It appears by the Evidence of several Persons examined before your Committee, That the Petitioner had laid out large Sums of Money in erecting Works and Buildings for making of Spelter; and those Wicnefies said, that thty had perused his general Accounts of the Profit and Lofsarifingfrom the Undertaking; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioner has been, and is to this Time, near Four thousand Pounds Loser, in bringing the Art of making Spelter to Perfection in England, arising principally from the great Fall in the Price of Spelter, from 260/. to 48 /. per Ton.

A Certificate from several Venders and Consumers of Spelter in this Kingdom was produced, and laid before your Committee, whereby they certify, That they have, for some Years pad, fold and used considerable Quantities of Spelter, made by the Petitioner; and that they find it, to all Intents and Purposes, as good for our Manufactures as what comes from Indian and, in some respects, preferable thereto.

It appeared to your Committee, That no Spelter is now imported from India, by reason that which was last imported from thence, was sold at a considerable Loss.

That the Benefit accruing to the Manufacturers in this Country, from the Petitioner’s Undertaking, is well known; and that it hath prevented Monopolizers from advancing the Markets in the extravagant manner they formerly did, which was much to the Prejudice of the Consumers and Workers of Spelter.

And your Committee was informed, That several Persons in Birmingham and Wolverhampton used great Quantities of Spelter; and they say, that the Petitioner’s Spelter was as good in Quality as any Spelter brought from the East Indies.

Upon the whole, it appears to your Committee, Thit the making of Spelter in England, will be very useful in manufacturing of several Sorts of Goods and Wares in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by his present Majesty *s Letters Patentto William Champion, of the City of Bristol, Merchant, for the Making, Using, and Vending of Spelter: And that Mr. Southwell\ Mr. Hoblyn, and Mr. Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore presented to the House, according toOrder,aBi!l forappointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act made in the 22d Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers, commonly called Brandon and Waveney, so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the River, commonly called the Lesser Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir James Dashwood reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enflow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid,in the County ,of Oxford, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders.Farmers, , and other Persons, living in, near, and lifually travelling through, the said Roads, was referred. That the Com-

1750.

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and are as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioners called Mr. 'Thomas Bulky, who said. That the Trustees borrowed One thousand Pounds on the Credit of the Act, at Interest, and applied the same towards repairing the Roads, which contain in Length Nineteen Miles, and upwards:

That the Trustees have, out of the Tolls, discharged the One thousand Pounds borrowed, and the Interest; thereof, and have now in their Treasurer’s Hands the Sum of 253/. 11 s. lid. and that, by due Application of the rest of the Tolls, in amending the Roads, the same are now so well repaired, as to encourage many Carriages and Travellers (which usually travelled through other Roads), to pass and repass that way.

Thomas Gibbs, a Waggoner of Chipping Norton, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Thomas Bulky, as to the Condition of the Turnpike Roads; and said, That Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, go that Way from Birmingham to London.

And Mr Bulley being again called, and having laid before the Committee the former Act, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, whereby ir appeared, that the Term by that Act granted will expire in May next: And being asked as to the Condition of the Roads directed to be amended; said, That notwithstanding the Roads are now repaired, the same will soon become very bad and ruinous, unless some Parts of the Tolls, and also the Powers granted and given by the former Act, be continued, in regard the said Roads cannot be kept in sufficient Repair by the Statute-Work: And the said Mr. Bulley added to his Evidence, That some Doubts have arisen among the Trustees, as to the Description and Extent of the Roads intended to be repaired by the former Act; and therefore they are desirous to have the same explained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enftone to Rollright Laney and from Enflow Bridge, to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and for making the Act more effectual: And that Sir James Dashwood, the Lord Wen* man, and Mr. Rowney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hull’s for impowering the Trustees, named in the Settlement Edate. made upon the Marriage of Edward Hufe Esquire, and Hannah his Wife, to lay out Part of the Trust-Monies therein mentioned, in the Purchase of reversionary Eftares, as well as Lands in Possession, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, with Power to make Leases

thereof.

40 Martii.

The House being informed, That Mr. Edwards, Mr. African Sawyer, and Mr. Waple, Commissioners for examining Company, into the Claims of the Creditor* of the Royal African Company of England, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, a Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament passed the last Session, intituled,

"An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africar

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

24 Geo. II. 4°

thereof, according to the Custohn of die Country, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

S. Smith’s

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act to

Name. enable Samuel Smith Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Holworthy only, and bear the Court-Armour of Matthew Holworthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jenyrts,

Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Southwell, General Onslow, Mr.' Hoblyn, Mr. Tracy, Lord Gage, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Hill, Mr. Brooookjbank, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Burrell, Mr. White, Mr. Torke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cust, Lord Parker, Lord Strange, Mr. Proby, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Lambtcn, Lord Trentham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Laroche, Mr, Townshend, Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Which cot, Mr. yafa* Torke, Sir John Peachey, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gtfre, Mr. Phillip Jen, Sir Edmund Jft jam, Mr. Gajhry, Colonel Holmes, Sir /tory Erskine, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyster, Lord Downe, Mr. Thornton, Lord Egmont, Lord IVenman, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Dr. Mr. Afoz/*, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Barry, Sir P<?/*r lbompfon, Mr. Popham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lcjlie, Mr. Winnington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Selby, fcc. The Lord Downe presented to the House,'according to Roads. Order, a Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Repairing and Enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West: Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the 1 own of Hallifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds', and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the said West: Riding, over Brambam Moor, through Kidball Lane, over Win Moor, and through Seacroft, to a Place*called Halt on Dyal, where it comes into the abovesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Crickl«yHill, Sir James Dashwood presented to the House, according &c. to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Top

Road* of Crick ley-Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg-

Mill, and through the Towns of Burford and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Enfham, Cumner, and Bailey, to the City of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

Thames And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Fishery. Office of Bailiff, and Conservator of the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway, hath been. Time out of Mind, vetted in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, confirmed by several Royal Charters and Acts of Parliament, to be used and exercised by the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or his sufficient Deputies; and that, by an Act of Parliament passed in the Voj.. 26,

9th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, One Master, Six Wardens, and Thirty Assistants, were to be chosen yearly, by the next Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, to be held after the 10th Day of June in every Year, out of the No-mi nations-to be made for that pufpose by the Court of Assistants of the said Company, for regulating and reforming Abuses in the said Fishery; and that the said Company continued, not without several Intermissions, from the Time of making the said Act, till the Year 1727; since which Year no Nomination of a Master,

Wardens, and Assistants, hath been made, pursuant to the said Law, but the said Company have ever since ceased to act; and that the Body of Fishermen are now under no Government or Regulation, the Times and Seasons of Fishing are frequently broken into, too small and^iin-sizeable Fish are constantly taken, new Methods*of unlawful Fishing aredevifedand practised, the EnCourage-ment for the Sale and Destruction of the young Fry is encreased, and the present legal Means for apprehending and punishing Offenders are defective; in consequence of all which, the Fry and Spawn of Fish are destroyed, the Price of many Sorts of Fish i« become excessive, the Fishermen in general are greatly impoverished,the publick Utility, intended to be provided for, is defeated; and the said Abuses cannot be prevented or redressed, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Destruction of the Fry and Spawn of Fish in the said River of *1 homes, and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Francis Brake,

Mr. Bet hell, Lord Downe, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Robinson, Lord Dupplin, Mr,

Kynaston, Mr. Powney, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Hunter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Walpole,

Lord Trentham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. TownjhendLord Strange, Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Proby, Mr. South-well, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyster> Mr.

Mellish, Sit Harry Erskine, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Alderman Jansen, Mr. Kent, Sir Peter Thcmpfon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lockytr,

Mr. JVodehouse, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Charles Townshend,

Lord Hobart, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bowes,

Sir Edmund Iftoam; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Surry,

Kent, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Proby reported f om the Committee, to whom the Huntingdon Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parishes, Land Tax. and Places, within the County of Huntingdon; and also the Petition of the Persons rhere-under named, acting Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Year 1747, for Part of the County of Huntingdon, and Land-Owriefs there, on behalf of themselves and others, the said Corn-mi flioners and Land-Owners of the said County; and also the Petition of Robert Mitchell, were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petitions, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in aft the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

The Committee find the Matters of Fast, contained in the said Petitions, to be as follow:

Upon

84

4° Martii.

A.

!75°-

Huntingdon Land Tax.

Upon the Two first-mentioned Petitions*

Tt appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Richard Hammerflty, Assistanr-Secretary Jo the Commissioners for Taxes, that Mr. Philip Chapman had been appointed, and acted as Receiver-Generall of the Land and Window Taxes for the County of Hunting den, from the Year 173$ to the Year 1746, both tnclusive; and chat he bad also acted for Part of the Year 1747, but without any Commission: And he produced to your Committee a Certificate, signed by the Commissioners for Taxes, whereby it appeared* that the Sum of 3,093/. 3J. 1 i f d. of the Land Tax, and 101/. i6r. 7 id. of the Duties on Houses, had been received by the said Mr. Chapman, and his Deputy, for the Year 1747; which said several Sums have been set infufer upon the several Hundreds of Tojdand, Hurftingston, Leigbtonfton, and Normancross, by Mefikurs Harkness and Jackson, Receivers-General of the aforesaid Tax and Duties for the County of Huntingdon, upon passing their Accounts for the said Year 1747; which said Sums exactly correspond with a Certificate, signed by Mr. Auditor Lowndes, which was also laid before your Committee:

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Hujkt, Mr. Thornhill, and others, that the said Mr. Chapman was, at the Time of his receiving the said Sums of Money, in full Credit in the said County, and understood to be the Receiver-General there.

Upon the Petition of Robert Mitchell\

It further appeared, that, by a Writing, under the Hand of the said Philip Chapman, he had appointed the said Robert Mitchell his Deputy-Receiver of the Land Tax and Duties on Houses, for the Hundred of Norman-cross, for the Year 1747.

And by an Inquisition, taken and returned into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, it appeared that the said Robert Mitchell had received the Sum of 1,077/. 6s. 10d. Land Tax, and 62/. 4/. 3d. of the Duties on Houses and Windows, for the said Hundred, for the Year 1747, amounting in the whole to 1,139/. IIJ* 1d. being Part of the Sum returned injuper as aforesaid:

And it appeared by a Receipt, dated July the 2d, 1747, under the Hand of the said Philip Chapman, that the said Robert Mitchell had paid over to him the said Chapman the Sum of 450/. Part of the Money so by him received as aforesaid:

The Payment of which was also proved by the Evidence of the said Philip Chapman, Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Thornhill; and the Two last Evidences said, That the said Philip Chapman was at that Time in full Credit, and looked upon as Receiver-General:

And the said Philip Chapman informed your Committee, That he had paid the said Sum of 450/. into the Bank, together with other Monies, to the Amount of 933 /.

14 j. od. in Confirmation of which, a Receipt of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ dated the nth of August 1747* for that Sum, was produced; which had been afterwards seized for his Majesty’s Use, by an Extent issued against the said Chapman:

That the said Mr. Mitchell had no Profit arising from such his Deputation; and it was with so me Difficulty he was prevailed upon to accept it, in order to a/fift the Witness, who had the Misfortune to have broke his Leg:

Then Mr. Harris produced to your Committee Two Tallies from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by which it appeared that the said Robert Mitchell had paid into the Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, Two Sums amounting together to 689/. its. id being the Remainder of the Sum of 1,139/. lISt 1 received by the said Robert Mitchell as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of the Committceof the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1751, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Inttrudion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause

Clatifes for the Relief of the said several Petitioners, and those on whose Behalf they also petitioned.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Gitv of Bristol, under their common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend the Increase of our People will always be the Means of advancing the Wealth and Strength of the Nation, which is not only verified in other Countries, but has been sensibly experienced in our own, were, by the Industry of the foreign Procestants, w!k> have fled to us for Refuge, or introduced themselves amongst us, several new Manufactures have been let up, and others improved, to the great Advantage of the Trade and Commerce of the Kingdom; and that, at a Time when the neighbouring Nations, our Rivals in Trade are ttrongly exerting themselves in the Enlargement and Improvement of their Commerce; and expressing the Desire of the Petitioners, that the Bill depending in the House for the Naturalization of foreign Protestants, which appears to the Petitioners so justly calculated to answer that valu: ablePurpose to this Kingdom, may meet with ehedefired Success: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill tnay pass inco a Law.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, A Aidants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend many important Advantages will arise from the Bill now depending in the House for the Naturalization of foreign Protestants; and that the Petitioners conceive it an undeniable Maxim, that the Strength and Riches of a Country consist in the Number of its People, and that such a Law, by introducing useful Traders and Manufacturers, would be exrremely beneficial to Trade and Navigation, as their Industry will give fresh Spirit to our Commerce, and inhance the Value of Lands; and that the Petitioners are the more desirous of encouraging foreign Protcftarrts to settle in this Kingdom, as pad Experience evinces that they have, on all Occasions, fopported with Zeal and Affection our prefenc most happy Establishment: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Foreign

Protesta.to

Nat.

bitto.

or

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, Excefln of the City of Bristol\ under their common Seal, was ofsP presented to the House, and read; expressing the Concern of the Petitioners, that the excessive and immoderate Drinking of spirituous Liquors is become so common amongst the lower Class of his Majesty's Subjects; and alleging, chat the bad Effects of this scandalous and pernicious Practice are visible and apparent, and have a direct Tendency to destroy the Health and corrupt the Morals of the People, to render them indolent and incapable of any laborious or manly Exercise or Employment, to reduce them to Poverty and Distress, and to incite them to, and harden them in, the Commission of Crimes of the most enormous Nature; and chat the Petitioners apprehend, the Laws now in force, although ever so strictly carried into Execution, are not sufficient to put a flop to so great and growing an Evil: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to apply such effectual Remedy therein, as to the House shall leem meet.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and Pi:t< Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the frequent Instances of the sudden Death of many of his Majesty's Subjedsofboth Sexes, occattoned by the exce/five Drinking of spirituous Liquors; and as Trade in general depends on the Labour, Skill, and Induttry of the People, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that some effectual Method will be found out to prevent the ij Use

a 4 Geo. II. 40 Mar Hi. 85

Ufc of these pernicious Liquors, the fatal Effects of which, amongst the lower Class of his Majesty’s Subjects, tend greatly to the Destruction of the Commerce of this Jtingdom; and alleging, thac it is very apparent this intoxicating Liquor is a Bane to the Constitution, for that Drunkenness, the confessed Leader to all other Vices, was never so daringly known in this Nation as at present: And therefore praying the House, to take the same into their serious Consideration, and to apply such Remedy as ' the House shall fee meet.

E*ceffiveUfj A Petition of the Lord High Steward, the Deputy of Spirit*. Steward, High Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, High Constable, Burgesses, and Assistants, of the City and Liberty of Westminsjker, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That Vice and Immorality nave of late much increased among the inferior Rank of People within the said City and Liberty, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the excessive Use of spirituous Liquors, whose intoxicating Qualities produce Idleness, and an Aversion to Industry, the Source of most Evils, and principal Cause of the Robberies, Murthers, Blaiphemies, and other Acts of Violence and Impiety, so frequently com- , mitted within the Cities of London and Westminster, to the great Dishonour of Religion, and Loss of the Lives and Properties of the Subject; and which, if not timely prevented, it is feared may prove the Destruction of Religion and civil Society: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Consideration, and apply such Remedy, to prevent the further Progress of this great Evil, as to the House shall seem most expedient.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, is referred.

Devizes, &c. A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Road. Clothiers, and other Persons, living in and near the Towns of Bradford and Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the direct Road from the great cloathing Towns of Froom, Bradford, Trowbridge, and many Hamlets, adjacent, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, leads to the Green Man, in the Parish of Seend, and from thence to the Devizes; but that, through the present impafiable Condition thereof in Winter, and often in Summer, Wheel Carriages from those Parts are obliged, in going to and returning from London, to pass some-times Eight, sometimes Ten Miles extraordinary, round about; and not only so, but that this last Road is often impassable, by the Overflowing of the River Avon, by means whereof the Clothiers Goods frequently lose their Market, and are much damaged, to the great Discouragement of the Manufacture; and alleging, that the Petitioners conceive, the Bill depending in the House for repairing the Road from the Devizes to the Green Man in Seend, will be altogether inefficient to open a Communication for Wheel Carriages between the manufacturing Towns aforesaid and the Devizes, prevent any of the above-mentioned Inconveniencies, produce any Benefit to the Woollen Manufactures of those Parts, or answer any of the valuable Purposes specified in the said Bill, for that the Road leading from a Place called the Ragged Smock, in the Chapelty of Semington, in the said County of Wilts, to the Green Man in Seend, being in Length about Two Miles, and Part of the Road leading from the aforesaid cloathing Towns to the Devizes, is in a fpunderous and ruinous Condition, and almost impassable for Wheel Carriages in the Winter, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in sufficient Repair, by virtue of any Laws in being: And therefore praying, That an Amendment may be made to the said Bill, and that the Road may be repaired from the North End of the Borough of the Devizes to the Place called the Ragged Smock, in the Cha-pclry of Semington aforesaid; and that the Extent of the Reparation of the said Road may not be limited to the Green Man, according to the present Purport of the said Vo*. 26.

Bill; or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem truer.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them* to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

t

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Parish Clerk* Brethren, of the Company of Parish Clerks of the Cities Caaner*. of London and Westminster, Southwark, and Parishes adjacent, within the Bills of Mortality, was presented to ihe House, and read; setting forth. That the Company of Parish Clerks hath for many Years been incorporated, and had several Royal Charters and Privileges granted to them; and that, in pursuance of their Charters (the last of which was granted in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First) they are obliged, and still continue, to render weekly and yearly, to the King and the Lord Mayor of London, an Account of the Christenings and Burials in their respective Parishes, together with the I 'if-eases and Casualties, whereby the State of Health in these grear and populo $ Cities may at all times appear; and alleging, that notwithstanding their Charter enjoins all Parish Clerks within the Bills of Mortality to observe the Directions and Orders contained therein, yet many of them refuse to comply therewith, and neglect to fend an Account of the Christenings and Burials within their Parishes; and that, notwithstanding all Sextons and Grave-makers, where no Clerk is, at all exempt or private Burial Grounds, are ordered by the said Charter to make Report weekly, of all Burials within their respective Burial Grounds, to the Company of Parish Clerks, yet, for want of sufficient Powers and Penalties to enforce their Charter, no Report is made at all, whereby the Account rendered to his Majesty, the Lord Mayor, and the*

Public, is become very deficient and imperfect; and that the said' Company of Parish Clerks are at a very great Expence in maintaining an Hall, Clerk, Printer, and Beadle, for performing this Service, and have no sufficient Estate, or other Means of supporting the Charges thereof, but the Profit that arises from the Sale of their weekly and yearly Bills, which, by reason of the aforesaid Defect and Imperfection, and the Prejudice and Damage they receive from the Printers and Publifiiers of News-Papers, who print and publish the material and essential Part of their Bills, is so reduced, that the Company will be in no condition of performing the Service required of them, and must be dissolved, and the laudable Ends and Purposes of their Incorporation entirely defeated; and that if the said Company were enabled to inlarge and make their Accounts more perfect, by having Power granted them to register in their respective Parishes the Births or Christenings of all Children born therein, in order that they may be inserted in their weekly and yearly Bills, a9 also to publish, weekly and yearly, as well the Deaths as Burials, together with the Casualties and Diseases, which shall anywhere happen within the Bills of Mortality, and to restrain all Printers and Publishers, except such Printer and Publisher as is appointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London, agreeable to their Charter, from printing and publishing all or any Part of the said Bills, they would then be capable of performing this Service of publishing an- exact and perfect Account of all Births, Baptisms, and Deaths, within the said Bills of Mortality: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid, and to grant the Petitioners such further Powers and Privileges as shall seem fitting to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideracion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

2} And

Account of Navy Pay Deduction.

Extending Time for subscribing Annuities.

86 40 Marta. A. 1750.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. West, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Wm. Tenge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Morton, Mr. Fa-zakeHey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Cust, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Kynaston, Doctor Lee, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prottor, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Proby, Mr. Which cot. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Barry, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Parker, Lord Trentham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lewis, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Potter, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Revell, Mr. Robinson-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the separate Funds of Three Pence of the Pound, deducted out of the Whole and Half Pay of all the Officers of the Navy, and of the Wages and Victualling of a fidlicious Man of every Hundred Seamen, borne upon the Books of his Majesty’s Ships of War; as also the Produce of Lieutenant Crewe's and Mrs. Underdown's Donations, and the Application thereof, from the 30th of August 1740 to the 30th of August 1750,distinguishingeach Year.

Mr. Alderman Baker reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of John Thomiinfon; and also the Petition of John Smith Esquire, of Norwich, foie Executor and residuary Legatee of Samuel Horsley Esquire, deceased j and also the Petition of Samuel Baker-, and also the Petition of Ralph Willett; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fadt contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the first-mentioned Petition;

Your Committee do find, that the said Mr. Thomiinfon did purchase Bank Annuities at 4/. per Cent. to the Amount of 11.328/. which, when the Subscription for the Reduction of Interest took place, was, and is at this Time, in the Names of Charles Apthorp and John Erving, both residing in Boston, New England-, viz 5,328/. in the Name of Apthorp, and 6,coo/, in the Name of Erving-, and Powers were given him by both of them to accept and receive the Interest thereof for their separate Uses, but no Power to dispose of the fame:

That on the First Subscription at the Bank he offered to subscribe the said Annuities, which was not admitted; being then informed, that his said Powers were not thought sufficient; but an Entry was made, by way of Memorandum, of such his Offer in the dubious Book: That, upon such Refusal, the said Mr. Thomiinfon did, by the First Conveyance for New England, acquaint the said Mr. Apthorp and Mr. Erving the rewith; who, in Return, by their separate Letters, dated Boston, June 5th, 1750, which were produced, not only approved of the Subscription, but fenc him Permits, which were produced, for subscribing the fame; and as it was impossible at that Season for them to know of such Subscription, and the Permits not arriving before the Time of subscribing the same was expired, they are deprived the Benefit of the Offer made the Annuitants of 29 November 1749, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Upon the Second mentioned Petition 5 Your Committee find, that Daniel Huger Esquire, of South Carolina, has been long possessed of 8,000l. Old South Sea Annuities, (landing in his own Name, the Dividends whereof have been constantly received by Mr.

Samuel Baker, by virtue of a Letter of Attorney from Mr. Huger to him:

That immediately after the Vote of this House of the 29th November 1749 was passed, Mr. Baker applied to the South Sea Company, to subscribe the said Annuities on the Terms thereby proposed; but, as he had only a Power to receive the Dividends, could not be admitted: Thar, by the First Conveyance to Carolina, Mr. Huger was informed of the said Vote; and he thereupon (igni-fied by Letter, dated South Carolina, 3d April 1750, which was produced, his Desire of being admitted on the Terms proposed; and at the same time sent him a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, requesting the fame, which was also produced; but Mr. Baker received for Answer, that they could give him no Relief.

Upon the Third mentioned Perition;

Your Committee find, that Samuel Horsley Esquire, was possessed of 11,000l. Old South Sea Annuities, and of 11,000l. New South Sea Annuities, all (landing in the Company’s Books in his Name; and that in January 1749 he did empower Mr. Isaac Preston to act for him, and to subscribe in those Annuities, upon the Terms proposed by the Vote of this House of the 29th November 1749; and that Mr. Preston went to the South Sea House, in order to subscribe the fame, but was refused by the Clerks, for want of a particular Power for that Purpose;

And your Committee do likewise find, by the Evidence of Mr. Benjamin Webb, one of the Clerks belonging to the South Sea Company, that he remembers Mr. Preston was at the South Sea House before the First: Subscription was closed, and offered to subscribe in the said Annuities in the Name of Smith-, but he informed Mr. Preston, that they mud first: be subscribed in the Name of Horsley, and afterwards might be transferred to Mr. Smith:

And by the same Evidence do also find, that on the 6th of February 1749, 8,900l. Part of the 11,000l. New South Sea Annuities, was fold out, and on the 20th of that Month a,100l. the Remainder of the said Annuities, was transferred to Mr. Smith; and on the 2d of Alay 1750 Annuities to the Amount of 8,900l. was replaced in the Name of Smith; that on the 19th of February 1749, the 11,000l. Old South Sea Annuities, were transferred to John Smith, but not then accepted by any Person:

And they do find, that a Permit was signed by Mr. Smith for subscribing in 11,000l. Old South Sea Annuities, and 2,100l. New South Sea Annuities, before the Time of subscribing in the same was expired; but the said Permit being sent in a Letter by the Post, which did arrive in Time, but was not received by Mr. Preston till the Day after the Time allowed for subscribing in the fame.

Upon the last mentioned Perition;

Your Committee find, that Mr Ralph Willett had (landing in his Name on the 29th November 1749, 3,000l. of Old South Sea Annuities, and no Part thereof hath been transferred since that Time, but still remains and continues in his Name:

And by the Evidence of Mr. James George Douglas your Committee find, that Mr. Willett did, in September 1749, embark for the IQand of St. Christopher's in America, and did not return till the latter end of May lad; so that ic was not in his Power to accept of the Terms proposed by the Vote of the House of the 29th November 1749, having left no Authority with any Person, buc only to receive the Dividends thereon; by reason whereof he is deprived of the Benefit of the Offer made the Annuitants, unless relieved by the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Const-deration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill forraifinga certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Relief of the said several Petitioners, and of those on whose behalf they have petitioned.

1 A Pe-

24 Geo. IL 4 M87

Carfifle A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry* Clergy, Freeflow holders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Cumberland and Northumberland, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read 5 setting forth, That the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the 1'own of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of Northumberland, are situate on the Two principal Passages from the Northern to the Southern Parts of this Kingdom, the one near the Irish Channel, the other near the German Ocean, at the Distance of about Sixty Miles; and that the Road between them is for the most part through a Country uncultivated, and Wry thinly inhabited, frequently unpassable, and at all times very inconvenient either for T roops or Carriages; and that it has been found by Experience, as well during the late Rebellion, as on former Occasions, that the said Passages cannot be properly guarded without a free and open Communication for Troops and Carriages at all Times of the Year, between the said City of Carlisle and Town of Newcastle; and that the Want of such a Communication has been attended with great Inconvenience and Danger to this Kingdom, and that a Road proper for that Purpose cannot be laid our, or the Expence thereof defrayed, but by a National Assistance, and the Aid and Authority of Parliament! And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages between the said City iof Carlisle and Town of Newcastle, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matcer of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Win. Middleton, Mr. Charles Frederick, Lord Duppltn, Mr. Allgood, Sir John Ligonter, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ridley, Lord George lackville, Mr. Vane, Colonel Conway, Sir IVm. Blacket, Lord Bury, Mr. Wilson, Colonel Bojcawen, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Lane, Mr. Grenville, Lord Barrington, Mr. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Fane, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. kVeft, Mr. El!if on, Mr. Nu-1 gent, Mr. Secretary at War, L.ord Granby, Mr Thornton, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Barbor, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Hardinge, Lnrd Downe, Mr. Comptroller, L.ord Hilfbo-rough, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Mundy, Lord Hobart, Lord Gage, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lyjler, Lord John Murray, Colonel Hadlane, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Shuttlcwoi tb, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Lrj. Gower; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Durham, York, and Lane aft er: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker ’s Chamber: And have Power to fehd for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Papers re- A Motion being made, and the Question being pro-

speftingtjen. posed, That an humble Address be prefenced to his Ma-Muiher. j^y, that he will be graciously pltafed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proceedings and Sentences of Courts Martial, which were holden for the Trial of any commissioned Officers in the Island of Minorca, during the Time that General Philip Anflruther was Lieutenant-Governor, and commanded in chief in that Island, and of all Memorials and other Papers which have at any time been presented to his Majesty, or the Secretary at War, or have been transmitted from thence relative thereto; and also Copies of all Complaints that have been made to his Majesty in Council against the said General Anflruther, as Lieutenant-

Vol. 26.

Governor of the said Iflana; and of all Reports, Orders, and Proceedings, in Council, thereupon;

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz. To leave out the Words,

C£ Copies of all Proceedings and Sentences of Courts <£ Martial, which were holden for the Trial of any com-<c missioned Officers in the Island of Minorca, during the " Time that General Philip Anjtruther was LieutenantGovernor, and commanded in chief in that Island;

" and of all Memorials, and other Papers, which have t£ at any time been presented to his Majesty, or the Se-ct cretary at War, or have been transmitted from thence,

" relative thereto; and also ;" and after <£against/* to leave out cc the said;’* and after "General* to insert <c Philip ;’* and before u Island* to leave out <c said,* and after "Island’* to insert "of Minorca;" and to leave out the Words, cc and of all Reports, Orders, and " Proceedings, in Council, thereupon,* and insert instead thereof these Words " upon which final Orders, Sentences, or Reports have been made, together with " Copies of such Orders, Sentences, and Reports, and " of all Proceedings upon such Complaints.*’

And the Question being put, that the Words,££ Copies of all Pioceedings and Sentences of Courts Martial,

" which were holden for the Trial of any commissioned " Officers in the Island of Minorca, during the Time " that General Philip Anflruther was Lieurenanr-Governor, and commanded in chief in that Island, and of £e all Memorials, and other Papers, which have at any " time been presented to his Majesty, or the Secretary at <£ War, or have been transmitied from thence, relative of thereto; and also" (land part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "the " said," proposed to be left out,stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word££ Philip" be inferred after the Word C£ General; M

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word cc said *# before the Word £CIfland" stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words Ci of Minorca" be inserted after the Word u Island

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words,and IC of all Reports, Orders, and Proceedings, in Council,

" thereupon" stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words, C£ upon <£ which final Orders, Sentences, or Reports, have been £< made, together with Copies of such Orders, Sentences,

<c and Reports, and of all Proceedings upon such Complaints," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved,in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to hi*

Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Complaints that have been made to his Majesty in Council against General Philip Anflruther, as Lieutenant-Governor, of the Island of Minorca, upon which final Orders, Sentences, or Reports have been made, together with Copies of such Orders, Sentences, and Reports, and of all Proceedings upon such Complaints.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Army; Mu-the whole House* to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny ^0an°* and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters* was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do make the said Rep9rc.

Ordered,

88 4 — 5°

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorpe, have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants,of the Close and Bail of Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed:

Lincoln And the Petition was read, setting forth, That the Small Debts. say Q0fe an(j j$aji of Lincoln, are Districts, situate within, and lurrounded by, the City of Lincoln, but nevertheless are in Law, Part of the County of Lincoln; and that, upon Account of the said Situation of the said Districts, the Inhabitants thereof are, and usually have been, taxed in the Land Tax as Part of the said City of Lincoln, and subject to the Commissioners for the said City and County of the fame, and not to the Commissioners of the said County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that unless special Provision is made for the Inhabitants of the said Close and Bail, in the Bill proposed to be brought into the House for erecting a Court of Requests in the said City of Lincoln for the Recovery of Small Debts, they shall, by means of their continual Intercourse and frequent Dealings with the Inhabitants of the said City, be subject to great Inconveniencies in suing, and being sued, for Small Debts: And therefore praying, That the Inhabitants of the said Close and Bail may by the said Bill be enabled and liable to sue and be sued, in the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as they would be if the said Close and Bail were Parts of the said City of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief, as to the House shall seem good.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, in Common-Council alfemBled; and alsothe Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Householaers, Shopkeepers, and Re-fiants, within the City of Lincoln, and County of the said City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, inhabiting within the said City and Liberties thereof; are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned rill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 50 Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

Answer to A/TR- Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address. jLVJL Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty x had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Excessive Use A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Com-of Spirits. monalty, of the City and County of Norwich, in Common-Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of Industry, Piety, and Virtue, amongst the common People of the said City; and alleging, that a manifest Change appears amongst the said common People in their Habitations,

Cloathing, and Manner of Living, from hiring Houses by the Year, and having suitable Furniture of their own, being decently cloathed, and appearing at Places of publick Worship on Sundays, to taking Lodgings by the Week, miserably and unwholesomely furnisheef, being wretchedly cloathed, neglecting all Places of publick

Martii. A. 1750.

Worship, and being guilty of Drunkenness, Debauchery,

Imbezzlements,*Robberies, and other gross Immoralities i and that the Petitioners have observed these things to grow upon the said common People as the Custom of drinking Geneva, and other spirituous Liquors, hath obtained amongst them, and fear that nothing will reclaim them, so long as they can be so easily supplied with those intoxicating Liquors: And therefore praying the House, to provide such a Remedy against this increasing Evil, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inha- ExcefiyeUle bitants, of the Parish of St. Anney within the Liberty of 0 pints' Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Parishioners of the said Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; complaining of the immoderate Increase, which has been made of late Years, in the Number of Gin-fellers in that, as well as in the neighbouring Parishes in the City of Westminster, and of the extensive and complicated Mischiefs which attend the customary Use of spirituous Liquors amongst the lower Class of People, extinguishing all Regard to common Decency, depraving their Morals, inflaming their Passions, wafting their Means of Livelihood, making them prone to every Wickedness, enervating all their Powers both of Body and Mind, and rendering them unhappy in themselves, and equally unfit either for the Service of God or their Fellow Creatures; and alleging, that the Mifehiefs complained of are not confined to the present Generation, but, as the Petitioners apprehend, must be found equally fatal to the future Welfare and Security of their Country; it appearing, by undoubted Experience, that the Number of Births are thereby much diminished. Multitudes of poor Children destroyed in their Infancy, and consequently the Number of those useful Hands greatly lef-iened, which, by their Vigour, Industry, and Labour of every kind, are most confeflcdly one of the principal Sources of the Wealth and Strength of the Nation: And therefore praying the House, to take the Grievance complained of into Consideration, and apply such Remedy to it, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to spirituous Liquors, is referred.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Fees of da of so much of the Table of Fees for Business in this House, House. as relates to private Bills and Clauses; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Plumptre,

Lord Egmont, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. KynaJlony Sir John Rushout, Lord Limerick, Mr. Pdimer, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Ockenden, Mr.

Townfendy Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Greatheedy Mr. Tracy,

Mr. Middelton, Mr. Alderman JanJeny Sir John Turner,

Mr. Broohbank, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Alderman Betbelt,

Mr. Edwyn, Mr. Bold, Mr. Burrelly Lord Trentham,

Mr. Potter, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Torke, Mr. JVilkinJon,

Mr. Jenyns, Lord Cobham, Mr. Lyjlery Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Prowse, Sir Geo. Oxenden,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sandys; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Account of before this House, an Account of the Quantities of low Lo* wines Wines and Spirits, extratted in Great Britain, from Mid- and sPlri?r JummeT' 1743 to Midsummer 1750, distingtiishing the Materials from which the same were extracted.

A Petition of Peter Simon Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Welton Church of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of Iadosure.

York,

Farthing-Hone Indo-fore.

24 Geo. II. 50 Martii.89

York, and of several other Persons, whose Names ate and Common Fields of Farthingftone, yet the; same can-thereunto subscribed, being Owners in and to Two several not be effectually done without the Aid and Authority of large Pieces of Ground called the ltigsy and the Grass Part Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House will of the Frejh Cloje; and also having Right of Common in be pleased to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in and to One other Piece of Ground adjoining thereto, for inclosing and dividing the said open and Common called the Cow Pasture, in Welton, in the said East Riding, Fields, Rye Hills, and Common Grounds, in the Parish was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, of Far thing ft one aforesaid, and for providing a Recom-That by Articles of Agreement entered into by the Peti- pence to the Rector in lieu of his Tythes. tioners, and bearing Date the 9th Day of February 1750, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-it is agreed, that the Pieces of Ground, Cow Pasture, and suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Premises aforesaid, shall be divided and inclosed for the Clevland and Mr. Hardinge do prepare, and bring in, the mutual Convenience and Benefit of all the Parties con- fame, cerned therein, as by the said Articles the same is agreed

and settled; but that, although carrying the said Articles A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, Avon into Execution will be of great Advantage to all the Par- and other the Inhabitants of the Borough of Evesham, in Navigation; ties concerned, and an Improvement of their several Pro- the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, pertics, yet the said Articles cannot be effectually establish- and read; setting forth. That by an Act riiade in the cd to answer the good Intention of the Persons interested Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, therein, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: intituled, An Act for making navigable the Rivers of And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Slower and Salworp, and the Rivers and Brooks running bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said into the fame, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford,

Articles, and the several Allotments and Divisions to be Power was given to several Persons therein named, their made for the Use of the respective Parties concerned in the Heirs and Assigns, to make navigable the said Rivers,

Premises, in such Manner as to the House shall seem or any Part of them, in such Manner as is therein premeet. feribed, and all Differences which should happen between

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- the Proprietors of the Navigation and the Land Owners, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. or other Persons, were to be adjusted by the Commissioners Comptroller, Mr. Clevland, the Lord Downe, Mr. Thorn- in that Act named; and that, by a Clause in the said Act, tony Mr. Lane, and Mr. Barbor, do prepare, and bring in, it was directed, that the River Avon, running through the fame* the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, al-

ready made navigable by William Sandys Esquire, should A Petition of Charles Shuckburgh Esquire, Peter Layng be continued, maintained, and preferred, and all Diflre-Clerk, and the several Persons whose Names are there- rences that should thereafter arise concerning the said unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands River, should be determined by the Commissioners; but and Grounds in the open and Common Fields of Farthing- that, as all the Commissioners appointed by the said Act ftonct in the County of Northampton, was presented to are long since dead, the Powers thereby granted cannot the House, and read j setting forth, That the Common be puc in Execution, which has occasioned many Disputes and open Fields, in the Parish of Farthingftone aforesaid, between the Petitioners, and other Persons navigating on are computed to consist of Forty-seven Yard Lands and the said River, and the Proprietors, or their Agents, which an Half, or thereabouts, and are called by the Names of cannot pHfibly be decided but by expensive Law Suits:

West Field, the Middle Field, and th $ Lower Field, the And therefore praying the House, That a Bill maybe East Rye Hill, and the West Rye Hill; and that the Peti- brought in* for appointing Commissioners to fix a reason-tioner Charles Shuckburgh is Lord of the Manor of able Kate of Tonnage on the Coals,* and other kind of Farthingftcne aforesaid, and seised and pqflefled of great Goods and Merchandize, brought up or down the said Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Common and open River, and for regulating, deciding* and adjuffing, all Fields of Farthingftone aforesaid; and that the Bishop of such Disputes which have arisen, or shall hereafter arise,

Lincoln is Patron of the Rectory of Farthingftone afore- between the Persons navigating on the said River, or laid; and that the Petitioner Peter Layng is Keftor of the others, and the Proprietors, or their Agents, in relation Parish Church of Fartbihgstone, and, iri Right of His to the Trade of the said River, or that the Petitioners Rectory and Church, is seised and pbfiefled of certain may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the Glebe Lands in the Common Fields and Parish of Farthing- House shall seem meet.

stone aforesaid, and also of all the Tythes arising within Ordered, That the said Petition be. referred to the Con-

the said Parish of Farthingftone; and that the Rest of the fideratijri of a Committee: And that they do examine Lands and Grounds lying in the said Common Fields do the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear belong to, and arc the Property of, the Petitioners, whose to them, to thfc House:

Names are to the said Petition subscribed, and of fevetal And ip is referred to Six John Rush'out, Sir John Cttft, other Freeholders within the Manor and Parish of Farthing- Mr. Rudge, Mr. Clevland, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Vaughan,

stone aforesaid; and that the several Lands and Grounds Mi*. Hardinge, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gajhry, of the Petitioners respectively, lie intermixed and dii'perfect Mr. Townjheild\ Sir Richard Wrcttejley, Lord Limerick, in small Parcels in and over the said Common Fields, and Mr. Hampden, Lord DUpplin, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Gybbon, are most of them inconveniently situated with respect Mr. Thornton, Mr. West, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. to their several Houses in die Town of Farthingftone, and Nugent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Potter, ;Mr. Treva-by reason thereof sufficient Manure cannot, without great nion, Colonel Leigh, Mr. Mar ton, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to till the fame,- Morgan, Mr. W'tlles, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Powney, nor frequent Trespasses be prevented; and that so long as Mr. Waller, Mr. Pye, Mr. Myddelien^ Sir William Codring-the said Common Fields remain open and uninclosed, they, ton, Mr. Mellish, Ml\ Compton, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Owen, produce very little Profit to the respective Proprietors, Mr. Hay, Mr. Poore, Lord Bateman, Mr. Hale, Mr. and in their present Situation are incapable of Improve- Popham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydendam, Sir Robert Long, ment; and that the Petitioners arc dtfirous that the said Lord *Egmont, Mr. Torke, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr.

Common Fields and Common Grounds may be divided Clayton, Mr. Ihornhagh, Mr. Tracy, Mr; Wilfcn, Captain and inclosed; and that specifick Parts and Shares there- brankland, Mr. Boone, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Carmichael; of may be assigned to each Proprietor, according to and all the Members who serve for the Counties of their respective interest therein; but that, although such Worcester, Warwick, and Gloucester: And they are to meet Division and Inclosure will tend greatly to the Advantage this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's of the Parties concerned, and be an Improvement of their Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, several and respective Propertksi in the said Manor, Parish, and Records.

Yot. a6. A a A Pc-

a

9°

Martii.

A. 1750.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England^ Company, tv as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, which passed the Taft Session, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa* a new Company, by the Name oFThe Company of Merchants trading to Africa, was established $ and that the better to uphold, maintain, and defend, the Forts, Factories, Settlements, and other Property, on the Coast of Africa* claimed by, or in the Possession of, the Petitioners, it was thereby enacted, that from and after the passing of an Act of Parliament, for diverting the Petitioners of their Charter, Forts, Castles, Military Stores, Canoe-Men, Castle-Siaves, and all other their Property, on the Coast of Africa (their Goods and Merchandize only excepted), the same should be abfokitdy verted in the said new Company, and their Successors; and that it was by the said Act further provided, that the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the said new Company should be in and by a Committee of Nine Persons s and that the Committee-men for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, or the major Part of them afletnbled, should, from and after the parting of such Act of Parliament, for di vesting the Petitioners as aforesaid, or before the parting of such Act, so far as the Petitioners should cenfent thereto, have full Power from . time to time, to make Orders for the Governing, Maintaining, Preferring, and Improving, of the Forts and Factories within the Limits aforesaid, and to appoint Governors, Deputy-Governors, or any other Officers, Civil or Military, of or for the said Forts and Settlements, and them to remove and displace, when they should fee fit; and that the Petitioners have embraced all Opportunities of (hearing their Readinels to comply with the Purport of the said Act, and more particularly with the last mentioned Clause thereof; and for that purpose have, as far as in them lay, given their Consent, that the Allowance granted last Section should be issued and paid to the said new Company, to be by them laid out and inverted in such Goods, Stores, and Recruits, as are proper for that Service; and that the Petitioners are ready to surrender their Charter, Forts? Settlements, and other Property, of which they are by the said Act intended to be diverted, Upon having a reafbiiable Compensation granted them for the fame, subjectand liable, in the First place, to the Payment of all their just Debts: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration and, upon such their Surrender, grant the Petitioners such a Compensation for their said Property, as shall enable them to pay their just Debts, and make a reasonable Satisfaction to the Proprietors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this prefenc Parliament for the District of Burghs of North Berwick, Had-dingtoun* Jedburgh* Dunbar* and Lauder, in the room of Andrew Fletcher Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Auditor of his Majesty’s Exchequer in Scotland.

MenziesCoal A Petition of Michael Menzies Esquire, was presented Machine, to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner hath, by great Study, Labour, and Expence, invented, and brought to Perfection, a new Machine for carrying Coals from the Coal Wall, where they are dog, to the Bottom of the Pit; and a new Method of moving a known Machine, for drawing up Coals from the Bottom of the Bit, or Shaft, to the Mouth or Top thereof, and from thence to the Heaps, at some Distance therefrom; and, in some Cafes, of carrying them from the Heaps to the Staiths, or Places where they are put on board Ships or Keels, without the Assistance of Horses or Cattle, in cither drawing the loaded or empty Waggons; by all which Methods, the said Coals will be drawn up much cheaper, and quicker, than by the Methods now used; and that by the same new Method, Metals, Stones, and

North

Berwick

Writ.

all kind of Rubbish, may be drawn up out of Pits, to the Heaps, in greater Quantities, in less Time, and with fess Expence, than usual 5 and that his Majesty, by Letters Patent, dated the 9th Day of February 1749, hath granted to the Petitioner the sole Use and Exercise of the said Invention, within that Part of Great Britain called England* Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed* for the Term of Fourteen Years,-and also, that his Majesty, by Letters Patent, dated the 24th Day of October 1750, hath granted to the Petitioner the like sole Use and Exercise of the said Invention, for the Term of Fourteen Years, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and as the Petitioner has employed a great deal of Time in intense Application, and been at great Charges in trying Experiments, and ib bringing the said Invention to Perfection, exprdfing the Hopes of the Petitioner, that the Term of Fourteen Years, granted him by the said Letters Patent, will not be deemed a sufficient Recompence for the Loss of Time and Money which he has sustained, and must sustain, in prosecuting this Invention, so as to render the same ex-tenfively useful to the Publick: And therefore (as the Petitioner cannot obtain a longer Time for the foie LTfe of the fame, otherwise than by the Aid of Parliament) praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term granted to him by the said Letters Patent, or for such Encouragement, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Advocate of Scotland* Mr. Haldane* Mr. Wilson* Mr. Reynolds* Sir John Cust* Mr. Vaughan* Mr. Hardmge, Mr. Clevland, Lord Trenchant* Mr. Barbor* General Onslow* Mr. Clayton* Mr. Jodrell* Sir John Rufhout* Sir Hen. Munro, Mr. Muire, Mr. Ridley* Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Carmichael* Mr. Sandys* Mr. Boone, Mr. Thornton* Lord Egmont* Mr. Pitt* Sir John Turner* Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Frowje* Mr. Poore, Mr. Kynaston* Mr. Nugent* Mr. Meltish* Mr. John Torke, Mr. Gajbry* Mr. Phillipfon* Mr. Tracy, Mr. Thornbagb; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lyfler reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Smith, now called Thomas Panu-well, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and Arms, of Panuwell* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of the Cities of London and Westminster* and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for prohibiting the Wear and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, although enforced by a subsequent Law, has not only been found ineffectual to answer the Intentions of the Legiflacure, but in consequence thereof, has proved a great Encouragement to the infamous Practice of Smuggling, highly disadvantageous to the fairTrader, and a very considerable Loss and Injury to his Majesty’s Revenue; and that as the Difficulty of carrying the said Prohibition into Execution, arises from the Nature of the Commodities, which are the Object of it, and not from any Defect, or Want of Accuracy, in the Laws, by which it was endeavoured to be dlablished, the Petitioners apprehend the said Difficulty cannot be removed by any further Regulations, or by any additional

Severities:

T. Smith'* Name.

Importation of Cambricks.

14 Geo. , II.

5° Mar

91

Yatton

loclosure.

Account of Linen Yam imported.

Bethnal

Green

Streets.

Semitics: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premifcs, and the same of the Petitioners, and the rest of the fair Traders, into Consideration j and do therein, as to the House foaU seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Reverend John Markham Clerk, John Cam Gentleman, Samuel Wilhnot Yeoman, Henry Vowles Ypoman, Ame Penrofe Widow, Sylveftra Burt Widow, Richard Holdship Glover, John Dutton Yeoman, and William Cambridge Yeoman, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, severally having Right of Common in, and being intitled to, the several Commons called the Upper Common, Hare Mead, and Somer Leaze, lying and being at or near Claverbam, in the Parish of Teuton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; fecting forth, That by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 26th Day of February 1750, all the Parties intitled to the said Commons, or Waste-Grounds, who executed the said Articles, came to an Agreement for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the lame, for the mutual Benefit and Advantage of all the Parties concerned therein, and for other the Purposes therein menriopedand that, although the carrying of the said Agreement into Execution will be for the Benefit of all Parties concerned, and an Improvement of their several Properties, yet, by reason of the Disabilities of One or more of them, the same cannot be effectually established, so as to answer the good Intentions of the Persons interested therein, without die Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming and establishing the said Agreement, and the several Allotments of the said Commons, or Waste-Lands, for the Use of the several Persons interested therein, and for effectually carrying the same into Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, ThatZ-eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sarudys, Mr. Barbor, a/id Mr. Andrew MitchA* do prepair, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That die proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the gross Produce of the Duties paid upon foreign Linen Yam, imported into this Kingdom for Seven Years last past, distinguisliiag each Year.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Matthew Bethnal-Green, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Parish being very large and populous, the enlightening of the Streets, Lanes, and other Places therein, and keeping a well-regulated nightly Watch there, would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants thereof, and tend not only to the Security of their Lives and Properties, but to the securing of the Lives and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, who may pass through the said Parish in the Night, on their lawful Occasions; and that, if more effectual Provision was made for cleaning the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other openPassages and Places, and repairing, amending, and widening, die Highways, in the said Parish, and so keeping the fame, it would be of great Use and Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof 2 And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it ihafi appear tp them, to the House 1

Vol. 26.

And it is referred to Mh Cooke, Mr. Alderman Bethe/l,

Mr. Gore, Mr Drake, Mr. Witte.f, Mr. Ockenden, Mr.

Corny ns, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Protfor, Mr. Fazakcrley, Mr.

Sydenham, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Hampden, Mr. MortonJ Mr.

Colebrooke, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rash-Itigb, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gredt-heei, Mr. Edwin, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. West, Mr*

Charles Torke, Mr. Powney, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Town-Jbend, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Ba-tburjl, Mr. Colleton, Mr- Potter, Mr. Grenville, Lord Dupplin, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Dmdefwett,

Mr. Tracy, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Brookjbank, Lord Egmont, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Bond, Sir William Codring-tan, Mr. Neale, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Gore, Mr*

Lascelles, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Carmichael, Sir John Turner,

Lord Coke, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Webb, Lord Geo. Coven-dish, Mr. Wpt. Pitt; ar>4 all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and the fcity of London:

And diey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to Tend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Bill for making the River Nar navigable, from the Nar Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacre, in the Navigation; County of Norfolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geo.

Townshend, Mr. Selwyti, Sir John Turner, Mr. Comewall,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. RoUnJon> Mr.

Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Giidart, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cujl,

Mr. Aidworth, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Dodington,

Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Wation, Lord Dupplin, Sit Richard Corbett, Mr. Duke, Mr. Winuingfon, Lord Hear* tington, Mr. Churchill, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Beaghan, Mr* Wodehouse, Mr. Lambton, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Mr. Thornton, Lord Hobart, Mr. Harvey, Sir Wm.

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. NaJJau, Sir Dan. OJborn, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr* Gray,

Colonel Holmes, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. SaluJ-bury, Mr. Wilkiujcm, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Genre, Mr. Fonereau,

Mr. Medlicot, Lord Downe, Colonel Haldane, Lord Geo.

Sackville, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Wtljon, Mr.

Bond, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Neale, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Phil-lipfon, Mr. Proby, Mr. Palmer, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Sir Wm. Calvert, Lord Strange, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Wigley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Huntingdon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Dr. Juan Company, One of his Majesty’s Complaint faithful Subjects, a Native, and once Inhabitant, of Mahon, against Gc-in the Island of Minorca, was presented to the House, and Anftrttr read; relating to General Philip Anstruther, late Lieu- en tenant-Governor of the Island of Minorca.

A Motion being made, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Orders of the Day be now read*

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, ColwKU&Jiifow: ] 5, J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being read, for the House Copley’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Anna Maria Brace, his now Wife, and to enable him to jnarry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned\

Ordered, That die said Order be postponed*

The

9*

5° — 6° Martii.

A.i’jio.

Offices and

Employ-

ments.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices arid Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

suant to a Clause of an Act of the doth, and a Clause of an Act of the 22d, of his present Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Copley's

Divorce.

Account of Customs on Brandy, Sec.

Account of Subsidy of Poundage, &c.

Account of Linens ex-pot ted from Scotland.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Anna Maria Brace, his now Wife', and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lane reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared against it; and that die Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii lldl Regis, 1750. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Customs on Brandy, and other Spirituous Liquors, imported into England, from Christmas 1746, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon thcjTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Acccount is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the neat Produce of the Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported into that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland, granted by an-A ft of the 21st of his present Majesty, from the Commencement of the Act on the ift March 1J4.7, to Michaelmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

He also presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantitiesof British and Irish coarse Linens, exported froth Scotland, with the Bounties paid 'thereon, to the 25th December 1750, inclusive, out of* such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to be replaced by Parliament, pur-

A Petition of liichard Lord Bishop of Carlisle, Lord of the Manor, and Impropriator of the Rectory of Hutton Bushell, in the County of York, and Richard Robinson, Doctor in Divinity, Vitar of the Parish Church of Hutton Bushell aforesaid, in behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Hutton Bushell aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by Articles of Agreement, dated the 14th Day of December 1750, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the Petitioner the Lord Bishop of Carlisle, of the One Part, and William Chester, John Hall, and William Hall, and the several other Persons, whose Names and Seals are thereunto set and subscribed, of the other Part, after reciting that there were several large Commons, Common-Pastures, arid Common-Grounds? lying in Hutton Bushell aforesaid, cklled by the Names of the featherings. Oxfold, Carr Hills, Upper Carr, Lower Carr, Low Riggs, and Low Swan Hills, containing in the Whole about Five hundred Forty-one Acres, >v herein the Owners and Proprietors ofrMcfliiages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, in Hutton Bushell aforesaid, in respect of the fame, had, or pretended to have, a Right of Common for all Cattle, without Number or Stint;* and that, in consequence thereof, the said Commons and Common-Pastures had of late been flocked by divers Persons with great Numbers of Scotch and foreign Cattle, for Feeding, contrary to the ancient and usual Method of Stocking such Commons, to the great Prejudice of sundry other of the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Tenements in Hutton Bushell aforesaid, whose Rights and Properties in the said Commons, and Common-Pastures, are thereby greatly impaired, it was agreed by the Parties thereto to make a Division, and to lay each Party’s Sfaare therein in Severalty, as is therein mentioned; and for that End and Purpose, it was covenanted and agreed, that the said Commons, Corhmon-Pastures, and Common-Grounds, aforesaid, should, before the 24th Day of June next, be duly surveyed and measured, by Persons for-that Purpose to be nominated by the Commissioners therein after named, to the Intent that the said Commissioners might allot to each of the Owners and Proprietors, interested as aforesaid, their particular Shares and Proportions of the said Grounds, so to be inclosed, as is therein mentioned; and it was thereby further agreed, that Robert Knowsley, and George Hebden, should be Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, with full Power and Authority for them, on or before the ift pay of September next, to divide, allot, and assign the several Commons and Grounds, unto and amongst the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, in Hutton Bushell aforesaid, and having Right of Common in the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as is therein mentioned, in Lieu and Satisfaction of their respective Rights and Interests therein; but that, although the executing of the Proposal and Agreement, made and contained in the said Articles, would be a manifest Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, in the said Township or Lordship of Hutton BuJfje!l,\n-titled to Right of Common as aforesaid, arid tend to the Improvement of their several Interests and Properties therein; yet the same cannot be established and rendered effectual, to answer the Intenrton of the Parties, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Arid therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for confirming the said Articles and Agreement, and rendering the same effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meer.

Hutto*

Inclosure.

Account of Linens expend.

Ribble

Bridge.


14 Geo. II. 6° Martii,

93

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Wilson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of all striped and chequered Linens, exported from Great Britain, during Seven Years, ending at Lady day 1750, distinguishing each Year.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, assembled at the Assizes held for the said County, on Friday the 31st Day of August, in the Year of our Lord 1750, on behalf of themiclves, and others. Inhabitants of the same County: Andalfo, the Petition of the several Persons,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Trauefmen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the same County: And also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, being the Common-Council of the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the same Borough: And also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common-Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,wert severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and luddirefted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the Committee examined

James Pickering; who said, That he is perfectly acquainted with that Part of the Kiver Ribble, which lies between the Townships of Preston znAPenwortbam, having been employed as a Fisherman there for these Forty Years last pad; and that the Fords lie in the great Road between Livapoole and Preston, and between Preston and Ormskirk:

That he is well acquainted with the Fords, the Passage whereof is very dangerous; and that he remembers above Twenty Persons being drowned, in attempting to pals the fame; and at the Time when the Frclhes and Tides rife, there is no Possibility of passing them:

That the said Ford has been Three times removed wi:hin these Eight or Ten Years; but the new Fords, by the frequent passing of Carriages, are soon worn into Holes, and become deep and dangerous; and the Ford now in use is already very bad:

That the Ford (hists with the Tides and Frelhes; and that he apprehends them to be in danger of being totally loft.

Mr. Robert Porter said, That these Fords lie in the common High Road from Liverpool, Ormskirk, and the South-weft Parts of Lancashire, to Preston and Lancaster, and so on to Kendall, Carlisle, and Scotland; and that many Persons carry their Coals that Way:

And he confirmed the Evidence of James Pickering, with respect to the Danger of the said Fords; and added. That there was no other Way of passing the River, without going over the Bridge at Preston, which is Five Miles about, through a very flat, dangerous, and rotten Road, which is impracticable for loaded Wheel-Carriages;

And that a great part of the Country (he believes Forty -or Fifty Miles in Circuit) is supplied with Fuel by Carriages drawn over the said Ford; and that the erecting a Bridge there would be of great Advantage to the County in particular, and to Trade in general.

Mr. Henry Sejton said. That he was a Mason, and had been employed to survey the said River, and draw a Plan of a Bridge; in pursuance whereof, he had drawn a Plan, which he laid he would give Security to finish, and uphold Vol. 26.

for Twenty-one Years, for the Sum of Three thousand Pounds.

Mr. George Grey informed your Comrtiittee, That he had taken a Level of the River, between the old Bridge and the proposed new one, and finds the Fall of Water to be Twelve Feet.

And to prove the intended Bridge would be no Inconvenience, as to (topping the Current, he said, That the River is 274..... broad, where the said Bridge is intended to be built, and only 152 below; so that afeer the said Bridge shall be erected, there will be a greater Passage for the Water through the Arches, than there is below.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a Place called the Ftfb House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Bold, and Mr. Fazakerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom Lavington, the Bill for repairing the Road leading from West La- &c. Roads. vington to the Devizes, and from the Devizees to Seend, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sir James Dafhwood presented to the House, according Woodstock to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads, granted by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enftone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enftow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and for making the Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Golden Golden-Square in the Parish of St. James Westminster, in the Square Im-County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and Provement* read; felting forth, That the Fence and Inclosure of the Garden, within the said Square, is so greatly gone to Ruia and Decay, that it will require a considerable Sum of Money to be raised to new fence and inclose the fame; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous, by an adequate Contribution amongst themselves, to raise Money sufficient for that Purpose; and also, for the better Ornamenting, Paving, Watching, Enlightening, and Cleaftf-ing, the said Square; which will tend very greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in the said Square, and of all Persons resorting thereto and passing through the same; but that the effectual Levying and Collecting of any Money, to be rated and assessed for that Purpose, or the enforcing of a due Application, and Account thereof, cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill, to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses, in the said Square, to make and levy a Race on themselves, for raising Money sufficient for the better Inclosing, Paving, Cleansing, Watching, and Adorning, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* fideration of a Commiccee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Lord Luxborough, Mr. Whichcot,

Admiral Townshend, Sir John Rufhout, Sir Wm< Tange,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Laroche, Mr. M'Kenfte, Mr. Younge, Mr.

B b Reynolds,

k-

6° Martii.

94

Reynolds, Mr. West, Mr. MedUcot, Mr. Alderman Jansen, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Southwell, Mr. iV<?a/r, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wation, Mr. Tcrke, Mr. M//, Mr. ?*- Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. White, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Jodrell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kyndfton, Mr. Hunter, Sir jo&zz Turner, Mr. P;/?, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Alexander Hume, Sir Saville, Mr. Myddelton, Sir Peter Thomson, Mr. Thornton, JLord Downe, Sir Charles' Mor daunt, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Acourt, Mr. Willey, Lord Strange, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Haldane, Lord Limerick, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. G*0. Town-fhend, Sir P<rt*r Warren, Lord G^, Mr. V iglcy, Mr. Peachey\ and all the Members who iet ve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Ifywpr to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Black Heath A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gen-

small Debts, fjemen, and other principal inhabitants, of the Hundred of Black Heath, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; lifting forth, That the Towns of Deptford, Green-Utich, LVgolwich, and many other Parishes, are fituaie Within the Hundred of Black Heath, in the County of Kent, which is in general very populous, and more especially the Towns above named, where great Numbers of Workmen and Labourers are conllantly employed, who *re often obliged to contract small Debts, for the Subsistence of themselves and Families, which yearly amount, the whale, to a very large Sum of Money; and notwithstanding such Debtors arc generally able to make Satisfaction, yet many of them refuse so to do, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors must unavoidably labour under, in attempting the Recovery thereof, by expending double or treble, and frequently Ten times the Value of the Debt, in obtaining Judgment for the fame: And alleging, That the Acts lately passed, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, have, in the Execution thereof, been attended with great Advantage to the Subjfft, as well Debtor as Creditor: And (as the Petitioners apprehend an Establishment of that Sort would be as uJeful, and tend as much to the Benefit of Trade and Navigation, within the Towns and Parishes aforesaid As in any of the Places where Judicatures of that fort are already constituted) therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fmaH Debts, within the Hundred of Black Heath, in the County of Kent; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief and A Alliance in the Premises, AS to the House shall fccm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger Twijden, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Qekeuden, Mr. Hume, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. hyfiar, Mr. Butler, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hay, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Strange, Mr. White, Mr. Bond, Mr. Richards, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Hill, Mr. Best, Mr. Turner, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Martin, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Nugent, Mr. M*Kenfte, Sir Peter Thompson, Lord Trent ham, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.' MeUifh, Mr. Thornhagh, Mt Poore, General Han-dafyde. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Robinson,' Sir Francis Poole, Sir Roger New digate; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent Surry, Sussex, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Westminster Petition of the Commissioners for building West-

J.ijSa.

minster Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, constituted, appointed, and continued, Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the YVool-staple, or thereabouts, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, and for main-

taining, suppordng, and preserving, the same when built; and are also, amongst other Things, empowered to delign, assign, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they should think proper to be opened and made on each I

Side the River of Thames, leading to and from the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, and both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent, and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they should think proper to be possesstd of; and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Powers veiled in them by the said Acts, have, with the utmost Care, caused the said Bridge to be built and madepaffable; and have like wife made great Progress towards executing the other Trulls reposed in them by the Lid Acts; and, in the Performance thereof, have used the greatest Caution and Frugality; but that the Petitioners find they cannot make an effectual and constant Provision for maintaining, supporring, cleaning, watching, lighting, paving, and gravelling the said Bridge, and for preserving the same from Annoyances, and other Damages; nor can completely execute several of the Trults reposed in them by the said Acts, relating to the purchasing and disposing of Houses and Grounds, unless the House be pleased to grant the Petitioners further Powers for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such further Powers, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Peter Warrm, Mr. Prowse

Lord Trentbam, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Laroche, Lord Strange,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. WhicJicot, Mr.

Brookfbank, Mr. Hardinge, Dr. Lee, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Ockenden, Lord Limerick, Mr. Thornhagh,

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bold, Mr.

Neale, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Carmichael,

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Torke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Richard Wrottefiey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, Sussex, and the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and In- Excessive ufc habitants, of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Li- of Spirits, berty of Westminster, and in the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of chem-selves, and others. Inhabitants of the said Parish: And also,

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inha- Ditto, bitants of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Parishioners of the said Parish: And also,

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, Ditto, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square. within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Parishioners of the said Parish:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Mischiefs arising from the excessive Ufc of Spirituous Liquors: And praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation'; and apply such Remedy, as to the House shall seem most fitting:

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be rc-13 fe'rred

24 Geo. II. 6° Martii. 05

ferret! to the Confederation of the Committee of che whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors, is referred.

#... A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Philip

p^Vts 10 and ')acob> in the City and Diocese of Brtfol\ as also, Bristol. of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish, which is situated in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That the Parish Church of the Petitioners is too small for the Number pF Inhabitants to assemble together, for the Worship of Almighty God, the Parish being of great Extent, and extremely populous, by reason of large Coal-Works, Brass, and Copper-Works 5 and that a certain Part of it, where the Colliers, and che other Manufacturers reside, being Part of the late Forest or Chase of King's-Wood, situated in the County of Gloucester, is at a great Distancefrom the Parish Church, and contains, by Estimation, near Ten thousand Souis; and that divers Persons have signified their Desires of contributing certain Sums towards dividing the said Pahlh, and ercfting One Part of it into a separate and independent Parish, with a Parish Church, properly endowed, for the Maintenance of a resident Minister, provided an Act of Parliament can be obtained to empoWer them to carry their good Purposes into Execution; and that in particular, the Bishop of Durham, late of Bristol, is disposed and ready to give the Value of 406/. for the promoting this pious Undertaking; and that the Mayor , and Corporation of the City of Bristol, the Patrons of the Living of St* Philip and Jacob, are not only consenting to such Division and Endowment, but propole to be large Contributors themselves, td carry on this good Work; and that Thomas Chester Esquire, Lord of the Manor of One Part of the Forest or Chace of king's* Wood, hath signified his Intentions, of granring a Piece of Ground, commodiously situated, in the Center of the said new intended Parish, for the Site of a Church, Church-Yard, Vicarage-House and Gardens, and for other Purposes relative to this pious Design: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave for bringing in a Bill to divide that Part of the late Forest or Chace of Rtng’s-Wood, which now belongs to the Parish of St. Philip and Jacob, together with some convenient District about it, from the rarift of St. i Philip and Jacob, and to erect the former into a separate

and independent Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that thty do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chester, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Roger Twijden, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. IVbichcct, Mr. Plumptre, Mr’ Pymr, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Nathanael Curzen, Mr. Col*

leton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Dowdejwell, Dr. Lee,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hampden* Mr. Lyster, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Potter, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Richard Lloyd,

I Mr. West, Sir fVm. Calvert, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Jodrell}

j Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Turner, Mr. OckendeH, Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Robinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Nay, Mr. Wilson, Mr. PbiUpfon, Sir Wm. Codring/on, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Lord Limerick, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Poore, Sir Harry Er~ Jkine, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Geo. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somer-Jtt, Wilts, and the City of Bristol: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Potion of the Rulers, Auditors, arid Altistants, of Company the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, of the River

from Well- Thames, was presented to the House, and read; setting VoL. 2,6.

tolgc.

forth, That by Two Acts, made in the 9th and 10th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace Yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, the Commissioners thereby appointed and continued, were impowered and required to settle, afiefs, and determine* the Recompence fit to be made to the Watermen of the Parishts of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster, and to the said Company of Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, for their respective Interests in the Sunday Ferries from Mill Bank to Vaux-Hall, and from Westminster Bridge to Stangate, and from the Hor/e-Ferry to Lambeth bridge: And the said Commissioners were, by the said Act of the ioth, and by another Act of the 17th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, required to cause such Recompence to be paid to the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants* of the said Company; and that such Sum or Sums of Money Ihouid be laid out in some of the publick Funds; and the Income, and yearly Produce thereof, be applied to the same Purposes as the Money arising by such Ferries hath been heretofore applied; and that the said Commissioners have agreed to allow the Sum of 4,450/. as a Recompence to the said Watermen of Saint Margaret's and Saint John's, and to the Petitioners, for their respective Interests in the said Ferries: And therefore praying. That some Provision may be made, for the more effectual securing of the said Sum, by veiling the same in Trust, for the Use of the said Company, in fotne of the publick Funds, to be applied according to the Directions of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon che Tabic.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Account of House, an Account of the annual Produce of the Duties Duties on on Mullins and Calicoes, and on Stitched and Flowered Muslins,&c. White Mullins and Calicoes, for Ten Years, trom Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1750; as also, an Account of the Drawbacks paid out of the said Duties, on Exportation, for the same Term 5 distinguishing each Year, and how much of the same arises from thclaft new Subsidy of Five per Cent.

A Petition of John Markham Esquire, and of several staverton, others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inclosure. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Common or open Field of Stareton, otherwise Staverton, in the County of Northampton, Was presented to the House:, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are together seised ef, or indtled unto, all, or the greatest Part of, the Lands and Grounds lying within the Parish and Manpr of Stareton, otherwise Staverton aforesaid; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors and Land-Owners, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, in and over the said Common-Fields, and are most of them inconveniently situated, with respect to their several Houses in the said Parish; and by reason thereof, frequent Trespasses and Disputes arise among th6 several Proprietors; and so long as the said Fields and Grounds lie Open, commonable, and uninclosed, they produce very little Profit to the Land-Owners, and are rendered incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Common-Fields may be fevered and divided, by Commissioners in that behalt to be appointed, in order to be inclosed; and that the several Shares and Allotments, resulting from such Inclosure and Division, may be held in Severalty to the several Proprietors, according to their several Shares and Properties in the said Lands and Grounds, so intended to be divided; and that a Recompence and Satisfaction may be made to the Vicar of the said Parish, in respect of his Tythes of the said Common-Fields; but that although the said Inclosure and Division will tend to the publick Good, and be of great Advantage to the several Parties concerned, and an Improvement of their respective Interests and Properties in che said Parish; yet the same cannot be eftcftually tftablifliecf, to tfnfwer the Intention of the Parties interested in the fame, without the Aid and Authority of an Act of

Parliament:

African

Company.

Foreign

Protestanci

Nat.

African

Company,

96

6° Martii.

Parliament: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according ro the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lyster and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons vhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bona fide Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Resolution of the House, of the 30th Day of May 1749, That a reasonable Compensation should be given to the Royal African Company, whenever they should be diverted of their Charter, Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and all other Effects thereunto belonging; and that such Compensation should be, in the first place, applied for and towards Payment of the bona fide Creditors of the said Company; and setting forth, That in consequence of the said Resolution, Commissioners were last Year appointed by Act of Parliament, for examining into the Claims of the said Company, who have accordingly proceeded upon the said examination, and laid an Account thereof before both Houses of Parliament, to which the Petitioners refer; and that the Petitioners observe, that the Royal African Company have, by their Petition, declared themselves ready to surrender their Charter, Forts, Settlements, and other their Property, on having a reasonable Compensation granted them for the fame, subject and liable, in the first place, to the Payment of ail their just Debts; and that the Property of the said Company being a Security to their Creditors, the said Creditors are very desirous the said Surrender should take Effect, and such Compensation be granted, but rely on the said Resolution of the House, that the said Compensation shall be, in the first place, applied to make full Satbfadlion to the said Creditors, for all their just Demands, and be effectually secured to them, in such manner as the Parliament shall think proper: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they will be pleased to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refolveitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nexr, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on behalf of the said Company, and others concerned in that Trade, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House* That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideradon of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having been chosen Committee-Men of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in consequence of an Act passed the last Session of Parliament; and having received from the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury the Sum of 10,000l. granted for the Support of the Forts and Settlements, and the Preservation of the Trade upon the Coast of Africa, are now completing the Investment of the fame, for the Purposes intended: And therefore (the Petitioners being convinced of the Regard shewn by the House to the Preservation of the British Forts upon the Coast of Africa, from the constant Grants that have been heretofore made for the fame), praying the House to take the Importance of the

A. 1750.

Trade to Africa into their most feriousConfideradon; and to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support of the Forts, for the ensuing Year, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ro the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Representation and Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Representation and Pedtion, recommends it to the Consideradon of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Representation and Petidon was brought up, and read; setting forth, That in Execution of the Trust reposed in the Petitioners, by his Majesty’s Charter, they have applied their principal Attention to make the Province of Georgia subservient to the Interest and Trade of Great Britain; by raising such Produces as are raoft wanted, for the carrying on of our Manufactures, and which that Part of America is capable of raising; and that, in pursuance of this, the Petitioners have (as far as they were enabled by the House, by the Aid granted for the Year 1750), promoted the Culture of Silk in the said Province, by promising and appropriating proper Sums for Premiums on the producing of Silk Balls, and on the Silk wound from those Balls; which Premiums are to be paid on the Pound both of Balls and Silk, according to their Value; and that they likewise give Rewards to encourage the Women to acquire the Art of winding the Silk from the Balls; and that, without these Encouragements, this useful Produce would probably have been crushed in the beginning; but that, by these, the Trustees have great reason to believe it will be; considerably increased this Spring; in which Season this Work is begun and completed; and that the Trustees were induced to promise these Encouragements, from the ample Testimonies given by our Merchants and Manafafturers, that tht American Silk is equal inFineness and Goodness to the best Italian Silk, and from the great Demands in England for Raw Silk, for want of which (there not being a sufficient Supply by foreign Importation) many of our Mills for organizing were become in a manner useless, and great Numbers of our Looms, and greater Number of our Manufacturers, were in danger of (landing idle, for want of Employment; and that another Produce of Georgia, viz. Indigo, (though the first Essay) appeared upon the Sale thereof, soon after the Importation of it, in September last, to be little inferior in Quality to the French Indigo, and bore as high a Price as any which is now raised in the British Colonies; and that by proper Returns made by the Magistrates, the Number of white People in the Province amounted to 1,619 at Midsummer 1749; since which Time, 61 foreign Protestants were sent in juJy 1749, and more were fentin July last; and that then (as the Trustees have been informed by the Magistrates) there were 349 working Negroes in the Province, besides Children too young for Labour; and that thcTrustees have supplied the Detachments of Soldiers, doing Duty in the Province, with such Provisions, as it was thought proper they should undertake to do; and representing to the House, that the Trustees have maintained a Civil Government in the Province; that the Magistrates, and other necessary Officers, receive certain annual Sums, agreeable to an Estimate sent over to them, which the Trustees have always regularly paid; and that on a Stop of such Payments, the Government mud immediately cease(the Inhabitants being at present unable to bear the Expence thereof) the Consequeners of which need not be described: And therefore, as the Trustees are not able to make such Payments, or grant Encouragements for the further promoting the Culture of Silk, without the Aid and Assistance

Culture of Silk iq Georgia.

24 Geo. II. 6° Martii. § f

of the House, praying the House to take the Premises rary Use of a Piece of Ground near the fame, for begin-

mto Lomideration, and to do therein as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* federation of the Committee of the whole House, to whonrt it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Colony #f Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Georgu. shewing how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by the Trustees for establishing the said Colony.

Wfflmirfter A Petition of the Commissioners for building West-Bnd£c* tmfttr Bridge, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, appointed and continued Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining, supporting, and preserving the same when built; and are also, amongst o:hcr Things, impowered to design, attign, and lay out such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they should think proper to be opened and made on each Side of the River of Thames, hading to and from the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, and both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent, and to agree for and purclvife such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they ^iculd think proper to be possessed of; and that the Petitfoners, in pursuance of the Powers vetted in them by the said Acts, have, with the utmost Care, caused the said Bridge to be built and made pafiable, and have likewise made great Progress towards executing the other Trusts rtposed in them by the said Acts, and in the Performance thereof have used the greatest Caution and Frugality; but chat the Petitioners find that they cannot make an eftcftual and constant Provision for the maintaining, supporting, cleaning, watching,

lighting, paving, and gravelling the said Bridge, and for

preserving the same from Annoyances and other; Damages, nor can compleatly execure several of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Ad", relating to Purchases, j unless the House will be pleased to grant the Petitioners

further sums of Money for those Purposes, than the Monies now remaining in the Hands of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such further Sums of Monty, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the J'aid Petition be referred to the Con-Cderation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Westminster A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exeeu-hhMarket, tion an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, &c. being offered to be presented :to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command,acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That until the Ground could be spared which was allotted by Parliament, then in the Possession of the Commissioners for Westminster l&nigt, for holding the said* intended Market, the Petitioners obtained a terripo-Vol. 26.

ning such Market- for the Sale of Fish; and that; for paying the Expences and Charges incurred in patting the said Act, making Erections necessary for Use on the said temporary Ground, and for other Charges attending the Service of the said Market, the Petitioners were obliged, under the Power given them by the said Act, to borrow the Sum of 400l. upon the Credit of the Sums for Groundage-Money, Voyage Money, and Metage, made-payable thereby, and vetted in the Petitioners; and that the said Ground allotted by Parliament being now at Liberty for the future Holding of the said Market for the Sale of Fish, the same must first be properly covered with necessary Erections and Accommodations for that Purpose and that the bringing of this Market to Perfection for a constant and regular Supply of Fish, being of great Utility to the City and Liberty of Westminster, several of the Petitioners, and many of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, have voluntarily advanced large Sums of Money to Fishermen, on their Vessels, to enopurage them to bring their Fish to the said Market for that Purpose; and that, until such Market is established, the Sums* payable by the said Act cannot be deemed a Fund for: raising more Money on the Credit thereof: And there-, fore, as the encouraging so necessary a Work is of a public Nature, by being the most likely Means for pj^e-; venting the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and thereby reducing the Price thereof to a reasonable Value' to the Consumers in London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent (the Benefit whereof has been already felt) pray-, ing the Assistance of the House to enable the Petitioners to make the proper Erections on the said Ground, appointed by Parliament for making a free Market for the.

Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, to pay off the said Sum the Petitioners borrowed, and encourage Persons to-bring their Fish to, and vend the same there, on reasonable Terms; and that the House will take the Premises into. Consideration, and do therein as they shall think meet.;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cpfl-sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whomt it is referred co consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Alcotibury subscribed, appointed co put in Execution several Acts of &c* Parliament passed in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign oa u of her hte Majesty Queen Anne, and in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the White Post on Alconbwy Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, being the North Division; and pt others the Gentlemen of the said County of Huntingdon> and the County of Northampton, adjoining or near co the; said Road, was presented to the House, and read; fe.uing forth. That, in pursuance of the Powers vetted in the said Trustees, several Sums were borrowed by the said Trustees* on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Turnpikes erected on the said Road; which Money, together with the Tolls and Duties arising from the said Turnpikes, have been duly applied in making a new Road from the said White Post on Alconbury Hill to Wandsford Bridge, aforesaid, and repairing the fame, a great Part of which Road is made on agaulty Soil, and by reason of the gre^t;

Traffick carried on by che said Road, the same must soon come to Decay and Ruin, unless constantly repaired; which Repairs must be attended with a large annual Expence, oa Account of the Distance of the necessary Materials; but that the said Road being now made and in good Repair, and several large Sums of Money, borrowed on Credic of the Turnpikes as aforesaid, being paid off and dischargeci, and there remaining now due from the Tulls the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred Pounds, and Interest only, the Tolls and Duties arising from the said Turnpikes may now be considerably lowered, which the said P ruftees have no Power of doing by the several Acts of Parliament

C c above-

1*

n8 6° Mar Hi. 1750*

above-mentioned; and that several large Droves of Beads and Sheep, and also Wool-Waggons and other Carriages, many of therti supposed to be Elopers from the great North Road, have for several Years lad pad, but more especially since the late Erection of another Toll-bar at Wandsford, on the Stamford Road, gone by Oundle, Barnwell, Thurning, Winwick, Hammerton, Upon, &c. and so on to Huntingdon or Bugden, escaping thereby the Two Bars at Wandsford, and another at Saltree, to the Prejudice of the great North Road, whereby the Tolls of thaTRoad are much diminished, and by this means the Roads through the above-mentioned Parishes are so cut and torn up, that the Farmers are often deprived of carrying their Grain to Huntingdon, which is their bed Market, norwithdanding upwards of a Mile of the said Road was repaired by Contribution the lad two Summers, and great Trespasses are committed, both in the Grafing Lands and in the Corn Fields, to the great Damage oF the Landholders j and that the great Road, leading from the Town of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Boston, Lincoln, and Parc of Yorkshire, being a Branch of the great North Road, and in Length Four Miles, or thereabouts, is so ruinous that in Winter, it is hot to be passed with a Carriage of Burthen, without great Danger and Difficulty; and that great Droves of Cattle, besides Carriages and Passengers, travel the said Peterborough Road, coming into the great Turnpike Road, at Stilton aforesaid, whenever the said Peterborough Road, is padabie; which Droves, GV. have largely contributed towards the Tolls on the said Turnpike Road; and that the Materials necessary for amending the said Peterborough Road lie very near the fame: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said Acts more effectual, by enlarging the Term thereby granted for the Space of Fourteen Years from the Expiration of the present Term, and to impower the Trustees named in the said Acts, or by virtue thereof, out of the Monies arising from the Turnpikes riow (landing on the said Road, in the first place, to keep in Repair the Road called the London Road, between the White Post on Alconbury Hill and Wandsford Bridge, as aforesaid; and in the next place, to apply One Year's Surplus of the Monies arising from the Turnpikes of Saltree ' and Wandsford at Michaelmas next, (the current Expences of the said London Road being first paid), for repairing and amending a Road leading from the upper End of a Way called Clay Way, near the White Post on Alconbury Hill, to a Gate called Barnwell Gate, in the County of Northampton, and to ered a Toll-bar at a Gate called the Water Gate, in the Parish of Hammerton aforesaid, for the Colleding and Receiving of Tolls and Duties at the same Rate as are now paid at Saltree 01* Wandsford, and under the same Restrictions and Regulations, and under the Management of the same Trustees, and also to ered collateral Bars, to prevent the Droves, l£c. escaping the Hammerton Road or the great London Road, one of the said Bars to be erected at a Place called Cold Harbour, in Saltree Field, and the other near Sallom Wood, at which last-memioned Bars, the Tolls and Duties above-mentioned to be received and collected for Droves of Cattle and Carriages only, and the Monies arising from chefc Three Bars to be applied for amending and repairing Hammerton Road I only, and to impower the said Trustees, out of the Tolls

and Duties arising from the Turnpikes of Saltree and Wandsford after Michaelmas next, to apply the Surplus of such Tolls and Duties (the current Expences of the said London Road being first paid) for the Repairing and Amending of the Road leading from the Town of Stilton aforesaid to the great Bridge of the City of Peterborough aforesaid; and that the Tolls and Duties, now payable at the Turnpikes of Saltree and Wandsford, may, from and after the 25th Day of December 1753, be lowered One-third each; and that the said Trustees may be impowered, from time to time, to make such further R^duction of the said Tolls and Duties as they shall think proper and con-

1

venient; and that Orders be given as to the Premises, in f

such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. 8

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- B

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the [

Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear,

to them, to the House: j

And it is referred to Lord Coke, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Trent ham, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Barbara Colonel Mostyn, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Geo. Sack-ville, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Lamb, Lord Hartington, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Downe, Mr. Lev.

Gower, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Brand, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Nugent, Lotd Dupplin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sel-wyn, Mr. Lane, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cust, Mr. Allgood, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pytts,

Lord Egmont, Mr, Gore, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr.

Pyner, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Curzon, Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Rutland, Northampton, Nottingham, Lincoln, York, Northumberland, Durham, Derby, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And. have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Hop-Planters residing in and near the Tythe of City of Canterbury, and other Places, in the County of Hops.

Kent, on behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the Hop-Planters residing in and near Ditto.' the Town of Feversham, and in the Parishes of Sitting-bourn and Milton, and other Parishes adjacent, in the Eastern Division of the County of Kent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; federally setting forth, That the Petitioners are at a very great Expence ij^raising, planting, polling, and annual Cultivation of their Hop Grounds, and in picking and drying their Hops, and have besides constantly paid a considerable Duty of One Penny per Pound, charged by Law upon all Hops, towards ' the publick Service; and that, by reason of these great Expences, the Petitioners are unable to pay the Tythe of Hops in Kind, and have therefore been accustomed to pay a yearly Composition in lieu thereof, with which the several Persons indtled thereto were always satisfied, but that of late Tythe in Kind has actually been taken of several of the Petitioners, and demanded of others; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive this Demand will be insisted upon, and become general, if not prevented by the Legislature; and representing to the House, that the present Method of taking the Tythe of Hops in Kind, will not only be attended with the most fatal Consequences to the Petitioners, by ruining in a great measure their Plantations, but must also greatly discourage and diminiffi the Planting of Hops in general; whereby great Numbers of poor Families, who constantly depend upon, and are employed in, the Hop Grounds in this Kingdom, will be deprived of their Support, the Value of a considerable Part of the Wood Lands and other Lands of this Country be greatly affected, and the Publick lose, in great measure, the Benefit of that, at present, very considerable Branch of the Revenue, arising from the Duty upon Hops: And therefore praying the House, to cake the'

Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein, as the House shall chink just and reasonable.

A Petition of the Hop-Planters residing in and near Ditto.

Great Marlow and Medmenham, and other Places, in the*

County of Bucks, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are at a very great Expence in raising, planting, polling, and annual Cultivation of their Hop Grounds, and in picking and drying their Hops, and ’

have

4 Geo. IL

have besides constantly paid a eonfidefable Duty of One Penny per Pound, charged by Law upon all Hops towards the publick Service; and that, by reason of these great Expences, and the Damage done to the Petitioners in the modern practice of taking Tythe in Kind, the Petitioners labour under great Oppressions; and representing to the House, that the present method of taking the Tythe of Hops in Kind, will not only be attended with the most fatal Consequences to the Petitioners, by ruining in a great measure their Plantations, but must also greatly discourage and diminish the Planting of Hops in general, whereby great Numbers of poor Families, who constantly depend upon, and are employed in, the Hop Grounds in this Kingdom, will be deprived of their Support, the Value of a considerable Part of the Wood Lands and other Lands of this Country be greatly affected, and the Publick lose, in great measure, the Benefit of that, at present, very considerable Branch of the Revenue, arising from the Duty upon Heps: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That che said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of che whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

Crum! An- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

fliwher. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Commission by which Lieutenant-General Anflrutber was appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Minorca.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Amy: Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported

Mutiny and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Delcrtioni Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read ;he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, tipon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause being offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Soldiers a Right to their Discharge after having served a limited Time;

The House was moved. That the Clause in an Act made in the nth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service, and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; and also che Clause in an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service, and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; relating to the Discharge of Soldiers; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Clause, which was offered to be added to the said Bill, was brought up, and once read with Blanks.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be Tead a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Offices and Sir William Tonge, according to Order, reported from Employ- the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to peats, indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves

VCL. 26.

99

for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report t6 the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House wili, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^eans* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply $illj next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* Exchequer upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

y<mis, 70 die Martii;

Anno 240 Georgii lldl Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are Butt Lane;

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an oa Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the raoft Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to HenfhaWs Smithy upon Cranage-Green, in the said County, was presented to the House. and read; setting forth, That by the said Act the Petitioners were empowered to erect Turnpikes, and to collect several Tolls and Duties for the Term of Twenty-one Years from the First Day of May 1731, for repairing the said Roads; and that by the same Act: the Petitioners were empowered to borrow Money on the Security of the said Tolls or Duties, and several other Powers were thereby granted; that the Tolls and Duties collected by virtue of the said Act, and several Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and the same are greatly improved; and that there remains due of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act several Sums, amounting together to One thousand and Six hundred Pounds, which the Tolls and Duties to be takea and received during the Remainder of the said Term of One and Twenty Years, will not be sufficient to discharge and keep the said Roads in good Repair; and that the said Roads, by reason of the excessive Carriages passing through the fame, and the Nature of the Soil, which in many Parts is Clay, will soon become in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor can the said Debt of One thousand and Six hundred Pounds be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be continued and enlarged!

And therefore praying, That Leave may be’given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the said Term and Powers grageed by the said Act of Parliament of the Fourth Year of his present Majesty. '*

12 Ordered,

6° — 70 Martii

.Jurfy

Roads.

Bctford

iRclosure.

i (yo 70 Martii. A. ii§ o-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. War burton* Mr. Thornton* Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lyster, Sir Thomas Mcftyn, General Onslow, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Waller, Mr. Nor they* Mr. Kent, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Sandys* Mr. Neaiey Lord I^uxboroitgh, Sir John Custy Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Boone, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Town-Jhendy Lord Advocate of Scotland* Mr. Kynaston, Sir Beauchamp Pro ft or* Mr. Pi//, Lord Parker, Mr. CW/rf-/<?#, Mr. Williams, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Owen* Mr. Barlow, Sir Ly/rr£ Cotton* Mr. Thorn bagh, Mr. Which -cot, Mr. Tor he* Mr. Wigley, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Waller, junior, Mr. Geo. Town-Jhend, Lord Downs, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Farrington, Mr. White-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Stafford, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Trades-men, of the Counties of Surry, Sussex, AVw/, and Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a commodious Road at present (but which will want frequent Repairs to keep it so) of about Half a Mile in Length, leading from Westminster Bridge into the said Counties, is opened; and that there is but One Road from thence, which is in a ruinous Condition, and very narrow, through which all Passengers on Horseback Qr with Carriages, must necessarily pals to and from the said Bridge; and alleging, that if the said Road was widened from the Stones End of Lambeth Town to Newington, and from thence a new Road made cross some Grounds into the Kentish Road, near the Lock Hospital; and also a new Road made from Symonds's Corner, on the new Bridge Road, cross St. George's Fields, to the Stones End in Blackman Streep in the Borough of Southwark, tad another Road made from the End of the new Bridge Road, cross some Grounds to Kensington Common, the Petitioners apprehend the same will be of great Benefit ?nd Advantage to the said Counties, and the City and Liberties of Westminster, and to all Persons who shall have Occasion to travel that Way: And therefore, as the said Road first-mentioned cannot be kept in Repair, nor the other Road widened and kept also in Repair, nor the intended Rpads made and kept in Repair, unless Powers be given by Parliament for the fame, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee s And that they do. examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ,

And it is referred to general Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Torke, Sir Peter Thompson, Lord Luxborough, Sir Francis Pocle, Mr. Gybbov, , Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Kent, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Iff eft, Mr. Ords Colonel Sfanwix, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Warburton,\Sir Thomas Moflyn, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Robert Long, Mr Boone, Mr; Waller, Mr. White, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Richards, Sir Peter Warren, Lord Trent bain, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Lambtcn, Mr. Walpole, Mr.' Which-cot, Sir John Turner, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Townshend, Mr. 'Carmichael, Mr. Willey, Mr. Sibthorpe, Dr. Lee, Mr. Orme, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Sussex, Kent, Southampton, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five jo( the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

g. jA Petition of Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, arid of the Right Honourable George W^Ant Cwm(ry>

f&v’vV.'O -J

commonly called Lord Deerhurst, John Cccks Esquire, and Charles Cocks Esquire, as Guardians and on the behalf of James Cocks Esquire, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright is seised of and entitled to the Manor of Besford, in the County of Worcester, and the capital Messuage or Manor House called Besford Court, and of all the Lands and Tenements situate; lying, and being, within the same Manor; and that there is a large Common or Parcel of Wade Ground, lying within and being Parcel of the said Manor, containing about Six hundred and Ten Acres, whereof both the Soil and Herbage do solely belong to, and are the Property of, the said Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright, and is solely depastured by him or his Farmers and Tenants, renting and occupying the Lands and Tenements belonging to him within the said Manor; and that there are several publick and common Highways and Roads lying in and used, in, over, and through, divers Parts of the said Common and Waste Ground; and that the said James Cocks the Infant, as capital Lord or Lord Paramount of the said Manor, and his Predecessors, Lords Paramount of the said Manor, have, for Time immemorial, claimed and taken all Deo-dands happening within the said Manor, and have also claimed, exercised, and enjoyed, a Right or Privilege to come on some One Day in every Y^ar into and upon the: said Common or Wade Ground, and to drive off and impound all the Cattle of the said Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright, and his Tenants and Farmers, then depasturing upon the fame, until and unless the several Owners of the said Cattle shall each of them pay the Sum of One Penny, for delivering back and restoring the same to the said Owners respectively, and also to take the Estrays which shall be then found upon the said Common; and have also claimed, exercised, and enjoyed, a Right and Privilege to come on some One Day in every Year to the said Manor House, called Besford Court, and to have and rake a Pail of Whey at the Buttery Hatch of the said Manor House; and that the Petitioner Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright proposes to inclose the said Common or Wade Ground (of which he has the sole Property, other than and subject as afore-mentioned), and, in order to facilitate and render the same effectual, is willing and desirous that all the Seignory, Royalties, and Privileges, claimed by and belonging to him the said James Cccks, as Lord Paramount of the said Manor, and which are of very small Value or Consideration, should cease and be extinguished; and, in consideration thereof hath consented and offered to pay the said James Cocks the Infant, and his Heirs, the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, which the Petitioner Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright, doth aver is a full and ample Recompence and Compensation for the said Royalties and Privileges; and that the said Petitioner Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright is also willing at his own Expence to make and lay out such Ways and Roads, in, over, and through the said Common, as by Commissioners in that behalf to be appointed shall be thought requifiteand necessary; but that this Proposal of the Petitioner Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for impowering the said Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright to rn-close the said Commoh tailed Besford Common, and for extingdishing the said Royalties and Privileges, claimed by and belonging to the said James Cccks the Infant, in; over, and upon the said Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright's Manor and Estate of Besford aforesaid, and for appointing Commissioners to lay out and appoint proper Highways and Roads, in, over, and upon the said Premises, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper and requifue.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill> pur — suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, and Colonel George Bofcawen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered,

Lavington, 4c. Road.

Supply Bill; Lottery, kt.

Stamford, 4c. Roads.

Heath’i

Name.

Donfcy In-dofure, See.

7° Martii. ioi

24 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from West Laving-ton to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of 14 ilts, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Fioufe proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Barnett and Mr.

Eld:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Two Millions One hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between . Stamfotd and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual, without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Heath Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to rake and use the Surname and Arms of Duke, according to the Direction of the last'Will and Testament of Richard Duke Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Governors of the Lands, Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospital of King Jamesy founded in Charter House, within the County of Middle-Jot, at the humble Petition, and only Costs and Charges of Thomas Sutton Esquire, and of John Bajkett Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church o fDunfby, in the County of Lincoln, Sir John Heathcote Baronet, and James Digby Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; jetting forth. That by Articles of Agreement indented, bearing Date the 4th Day of this present March, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the said Governors, of the First Part; the Petitioner James Digby, of the Second Part 5 the Petitioner John Bajkett, of the Third Part; the Petitioner Sir John Heathcote, of the Fourth Part; and the Right Reverend John LordBishop of Lincoln, of the Fifth Part; reciting. That the said Governors, in Right of the said Hospital, were Lords of the Manor of Dunjby, and Patrons of the Church of Dunjby, in the County of Lincoln; and also Owners of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Woods, Commons, and Hereditaments, withirrthe Manor and Parish of Dunjby aforesaid, and of the Fen called Dunjby Fen; and also reciting, that several Parts of the said Lordship lay open and uninclosed; and that the said Fen also lay open and in common, and was subject to be overflowed, and yielded little or no Profit to the Owners thereof; and that the said John Bajkett was, in Right of his Rectory, seised of divers Parcels of Glebe, lying in the said Common Fields and Meadows, and elsewhere, in the said Parish, and, in respect of his Parsonage-House, had Right of Common in Dunjby Fen; and also taking Notice of an Agreement between the said Governors and Sir John Heathcote, for exchanging certain Lands in Dunjby aforesaid, between them, as is therein mentioned; and that, for the better Improving of the said Estate, the said Governors, by and with the consent of the said Rector and Sir John Heathcote, had agreed with the said James Digby, that he should, at his own Costs and Charges, take in and inclose all the iaid open and Cohnmon Fields, and also

Vol. 26.

drain, set out, and divide into proper Quantities, the said Fen; and that the said Governors had agreed to grant a Lease of all their Estate in Dunjby aforesaid, artd of all the Tythes, and Composition for Tythes, and of all the Glebe Lands (except as is therein mentioned) Unto the said James Digby, for Twenty-one Years, to Commence from Lady-day 17525 the said James Digby did agree with the said Governors, at his own Costs and Charges,io take in, inclose, and divide, into proper and convienient Iriclo1 sures or Divisions, all ehe Fields and Meadows in the said Lordship, which then lay open and uninclosed* and also to drain and divide, or use his best endeavours to drain and divide, the said Fen into proper Pieces, and to erect proper Mills and Engines, and to do all ocher Work* necessary for that Purpose, and should and would, within the Time therein limited, lajr out, disburse, and expend* in such draining and dividing the said Ren, and in the Works necessary to the fame, and in inclosing in the said open Field Lands, the full Sum of One thousand Pound* at the least, to be ascertained in such Manner as is therein mentioned, and with such Provision and Agreement for the Tenants of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Meadows; and Pastures, belonging to the said Governors, in Dunjby aforesaid, to hold, use, and enjoy, their several Farms' and Tenements, in such Manner as in the said Articles is in that behalf stipulated and provided; and that the said Governors did thereby covenant and agree with the said John Bajkett, that they, and their Successors, should and would yearly, and every Year, from and after the 25th Day of March 1752, pay, or cause to be paid, to the said John Bajkett, and his Successors, the yearly Sum cf 180/. of lawful Money of Great Britain, by Quarterly Payments, subject to Taxes, as is therein mentioned; and, in consideration thereof, the said John Bajkett did covenane and agree, that the said Governors, and their Successors and Assigns, should hold and enjoy all thtt Tythe, and Composition for Tythes, and other Payments, due and payable to the Rector of Dunjby, as well for the Estate of the said Governors, as for all other the Estatei in the Parish of Dunjby, except the Lands agreed to be given in Exchange to the said Sir John Heathcote, and such Surplus Fees and Duties as therein mentioned; and also should hold and enjoy all the Glebe and Common Right belonging to the said Rectory, except a Close.caljed the Home Ckje, Church-Yard, and the Parsonage - House; and that the said Sir John Heathcote did thereby covenant with the said Governors, that they, their Successors and Assigns, should have and enjoy for ever certain Lands belonging to him, in the Common Fields and Meadows of Dunjby aforesaid, and, in consideration thereof, the fai4 Governors did thereby covenant and agree, that the said Sir John Heathcote, his Heirs and Assigns, should hold and enjoy certain other Lands lying in Millhill Field, in Dunjby aforesaid, freed and discharged from all Tythfe, payable for or in respect of the fame; and it was agreed, that all the Parties to the said Articles fhotild consent, that a Bill should be brought into, and passed into a Law, in this present Session of Parliament, at the Costs and Charges of the said James Digby, for confirming the said Agreement, with a Provisoe that the said Agreement should be void in case such Act should not be obtained accordingly, as by the said Articles of Agreement, ready to be produced, may more fully appear; and that, although the Carrying the said Articles into Execution would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and to the Improvement of their several Estates and Properties in the same Manor and Parish* yet the same cannot be effectually established to answer the Intention of the Parties, without the Sanction and Authority of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for confirming the said Articles and Agreement, and for rendering the same effectual to answer the Intention of the Parties by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem requisite and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bilhpur-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

D d Whiobcott,

4

102

Martii.

d. 1750.

Whichcott, Mr. Wilktnjon, and Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colony of The House being informed, that Mr. from the

Georgia. Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, Ihewing

how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Settling and Improving the Colony of Georgia in America,has been applied by the Trufrees for

establishing the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed!; viz.

An ACCOUNT, Ihewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Settling and Improving the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been Applied, by the Trustees for establishing the said Colony} viz.


In AMERICA:

For the following annual Expences in Georgia,from 750, to Lady-day 1751J

6

195

VIZ.

to the President, Vice-Presidmt, Three Assistants, and Clerk to them To the Three Bailiffs and Recorder of the Town-Court, at , and the Con-

stables and Tything-men there - -- -- - 270

; To the Conservator of the Peace, and Constable, at - - - - 25

To the Secretary in the Colony, and his Clerk - - - 75

To the Register of the Province - -20

For the additional Allowance to the residing Minister at Savannah, over and above the Allowance from the incorporated Society -

For the Maintenance and Cloathing of Two Men-Servants, employed in cultivating Lands near Savannah, for the Use of the said Minister - - - 24

To the School-Masters at Savamab and Vernonburgh, and and the Parish

Clerk, and publick Midwife, at Savannah - -- --42

To the Pilots at Tybee, and St. Simon’s, and Jeky Inlets j at the First of which Places

a Light-House is created, for a Sea-mark, to the great Security of the Navigation on that Coast - - - go

For relief of the Sick and Poor in Georgia, and for the dispensing of Medicines by the Surgeon and Apothecary - - 70

To the Constable, and publick Midwife, at Frederica - - - 15

To the JClerk of the Accomptsin Georgia - - - - -40

s.

o

3

o

o

o

d.

4

o

o

o

£ s-

6

o

o

o

o

o

o'

For premiums on Silk and Silk Balls raised in Georgia-, Rewards for acquiring the Art of winding the Silk from the Balls, and Disbursements for the Culture of Silk - -

For incident Expences in America, and other Charges in the Execudon of Justice, computed on the last Year’s Accounts thereof from Georgia - - - - J -

For certain Portions of Provisiorts (besides their Pay) allowed to the Detachments of Soldiers doing Duty in Georgia, to keep the Possession thereof computed for One hundred Men, at Two Pence

a Day each, for a Year -

916 10 o S37 6 4*

3S7 S o

3°4 3 4

Applied in England since Lady day 1750; viz.

For freight of foreign Protestanps, and British, font to Georgia, and for Freight

and Charges of flapping several Parcels of Lading for the Colony - 236 16

For Bedding to those Passengers who wanted it, and for Necessaries in their Voyage 19 15 For Working-Tools, and other Necessaries, font to Georgia, for the Use of the Inhabitants - ----- - - -- -24 2

For Charges of Persons engaged for Georgia, to forward and perfect the Railing Silk there, and for Copper Basons sent over for the Use of the Reclers of the Silk from the Cocoons ----- - ~ l93 10

For Stationary-Ware, and Printing - 36

ftpufe-Rent, Servants, Coals and Candles for the Office, and incident Charges - 82 8

Salaries to the Secretary and Accomptant, for One Year - - - - 3°° 0

Rewards to several Persons for their Service for the Trust, and for Clerkship - 78 15

8

3

6

o

o

4

938 13 10|

NttthleacH

Road.

J3>°53 I. 7i

For further Charges to Lady-day 1751 (including those of a Missionary going to Augusta in Georgia,

and Necessaries for the Church there) - - " " - -J 2S° 4

X |3>J04 3 4

Georgia. T ruftees-Office,

Queen-Squarey Westminster,

March 7, 1750.

Ordered, That, the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of North-leach, in the County of Gloueffter, on behalf of themselves, and many others, travelling the Road leading from the Top of Crickly-Hilly to a Place called Frog-Mill\ and from >3

Harman Verelft, Accomptant.

theftce to Burford and JVitney, and so on through the Parishes of Hanhorough and Bladen, into the great Road leading from Woodflock to Oxford, at Cantpsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, was presented to the Houie, and read; letting forth. That the said Town of Northleach is an ancient Market-Town, in which formerly a considerable Trade was carried on; but that by the Badness of

the

24 Geo. II. 70 Marti'i. 103

the Roads, and other accidental Causes, the Trade of the said Town is very much decayed; and that the ancienc Roa.l from the Top of Crickly-Hill, to a Place called Frog-Mill, and from thence to Burford and Witney, and so on to the great Road leading from Woodstock to Oxford, at Campfeld, in the Parish of Kidlington, lies through North-kacb, and the Stage-Coach used, for many Years, to pass through, and bait in the said Town; and alleging. That the said ancient Road through Northleach is more convenient for Travellers and Cattle, if repaired, than the Way which passes within a Quarter of a.Mile of the said Town, there being Plenty of running Water in and near Northleach, at all Times, and many Houses of good Entertainment, and that the said Town of Northleach is also more convenient for Carriers, and the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parishes to receive and lodge Goods and Parcels, carried or to be carried between Gloucester and Oxford; and that from thence Notice may be sent to the Tradesmen, or others, it being a Market and Post Town; whereas, in the Way that passes by the said Town, there is no Water for above Fifteen Miles together, and but One House of Entertainment; and lastly, that the said ancient Road, through Northleach, is capable of being amended at much less Expence than the Road which passes by and near Northleach, one lying through (hallow Soil, and rocky Ground, the other through deep miry Clay, which will require many more Loads of Stones to every Pole of Road to be repaired, which mud be dug at a dearer Rate* and hauled from more distant Places: And therefore praying, That the said Road may be directed to be amended to and through the said Town of Northleach, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Prowje Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Doedngtm, Sir John Rujbout, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Cocke, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. War hurt on, Mr. Hatopden, Sir John Cust, Mr. Turner, Lord Barrington, Mr* Belchieri Lord ttrange, Mr. Hobl\n, Colonel Haldane,.Mx. MeLUJh', Mr. Southwell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gybbon, Lord jDupplsn, Mr* Nugent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Jodrell, Mr Lane, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Laroche, Lord Trditbam, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Boone, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Neale*: Mr. Colie* ton, Mr. Amyand, Lord Advotate of Scotland, Mr. VyrieT, Mr. Northey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, Wilts, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of thfc Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Avon Navi- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha-

g«ion. bitants of the Town of Perfhore, and the Villages of Pen-sham, Wick, Great Comberton, Little Cmberton, Birling-bam, Eckington, Breedon, Defford, Strcnfham, Cropthome, Fladbury, Piddle, and Hampton, in the County of Wor-ctfier, in behalf of themselves, and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the River Avon, running from the Borough of Stretford, in the County of Warwick, to tbt Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Borough of Chipping Campden, and other thfc Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Mickleton, Pebworth, Honey borne, Aston, Wflon, Saint-bury, and Willerjey, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves, and others interested in the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester:

Were feveratly presented to the House, and read; feve- rally setting forth. That by an Act m4de in the 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles \Fk Second, intituled, An Act for making navigable the Rivera Voi*. 26.

of Slower and Salworp, and the Rivers and Brooks' running into the fame, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, Power was given ro several Persons therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, to make navigable the said Rivers, or any Part of them, in such manner as is therein prescribed; and all Differences which should happen between the Proprietors of the Navigation, and the Land-holders, and other Persons, were to be adjusted by Commissioners in that Act named; and that, by aClause in the said Act, it was directed, that the River Avon, funning through the Counties of Warwick, IVqrcester, and Gloucester, already made navigable by William Sandyi Esquire, should be continued, maintained, and preserved; and all Differences that should thereafter arise and happen concerning the said River, should be determined by the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act; but as all the Commissioners appointed by the said Act are long since dead, the Powers thereby granted cannot be put in Execution; and alleging, That the Petitionersapprehend the Commissioners appointed in the said Act did not, in their Life-times, ever aft in relation to the said River Avon, neither was the Tonnage or Water-Carriage of the said River ever fixed or ascertained; nor does it appear to the Petitioners, that the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act were thereby vested with any Power to fix and ascertain the Price of the said ^Water-Carriage or Tonnage, in relation to the Navigation of the said River; and that though the Navigation of the said River Avon hath been found very useful and beneficial, yet it hath not answered all the good Ends for which the same was intended* but divers Abuse.s have heretofore been, and dill are, committed by the Occupiers of the Locks, Wears,

Turnpikes, and other Engines, in and upon, or near adjoining to the said River, by reason whereof, and . other Exactions, the Price of Tonnage or Water-Carriage of the said River hath of late Years been very much raised; and the whole Coal-Trade, which is the principal Branch of the said Navigation, hath, fora great Number of Years last pad, been wholly ‘monopolized, by the Occupiers of the said Locks,

/ j Wears, ^Turnpikes, and other Engines, by means <; whereof, the Prices of Coal, and Tonnage of Goods* from time to time*. hath been increased, to the Im-nr. 1:, 1 J^yer iffiment of Poor; and that in case no new ,: ^aw be made for ijhe due Regulation of the Navi-: 1(gp$on orf the said River, the Abjufes already expe-- rkwfd will greatly, increase, and divers othei- Irregularities.and Abuses be committed/ to the £re^t Damage of the said Navigation, ^nd the Detriment ./ of the Petitioners, and the Publick in general: jAnd therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill^for the Better cany ing 09 and r^gu- t \n i , lating the Navigation 9f the said Riyer, from,ft^e >.

-(aid gorough of Strafford upon Avon,.\n, tbg County \of Warwick, to the said Borough of Tew]tf-bury,\x\x\i$ said County of\Gloucester, M^KbYfs

fpiopef ftples* Orders, Constitutions, and Regula-i},. ;rj&ie$, may be made, for the Benefit of the (fid N,%* v yigadoftft.or. otherwise relating the ceto, and to ajd Pcstfops interested therein, or affected therebjf,v apd in such manner as to the House shall seem ffpct. v Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to sideration of the Committee, to whom thje. Petition.of the Mayor, Aid^rmen, Capital Burgesses,^nd otheryhe.I15-habitants of the Borough of Evejhamr in the County of Worcester, i^ refe^d: And that they do. examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the feme, as it shall appear W them> to the fjoufe. f

A Petition^of Mjv Robert Patoun, Minister at Resifrew, Scotch Moderator of the,l^(t General Assembly of the Church of Clcrgy* Scotland, DoCtor Patrick Camming, Profeffp.r of Churfh History, and; One of the Ministers; o( Edinburgh, Mrs William Shelf, Minister at Sorn, and Mr/David DaL

rymple.

D by

Frederick,

See.

Privateers.

1O4

70 Martii. 1750.

Yymple, Advocate, Ruling Elder, Commissioners from the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, was pre-fenred to the House, and read j fecting forth, That by the Laws of Scotland, before the happy Union of the Two Kingdoms, Provision was made for the Maintenance of the Ministers of the Gospel in their respective Parishes of that Kingdom, by appointing, from time to time, parliamentary Commissions for Plantation of Churches, and Valuation of Tythes, who were impowered to appoint and settle a constant and local Stipend to each Minister, to be paid out of the Tythes of each Parish; and also, to grant Augmentations to Ministers, not already sufficiently provided for; all the Powers of which Commissions were, by an Act of the last Parliament of Scotland,\ vested in the Court of Session; and that great Numbers of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, who are not sufficiently provided for, have not hitherto applied for, or obtained any Relief, with respect to the Augmentation of their Stipends or ProviGons, which by Law the said Court of Session is impowered to give them; which hath been in a great measure occasioned by the great Expences that the Ministers must be at in carrying on Processes before the Court of Session, as Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks, for obtaining such Augmentations; which few Ministers, in their narrow Circumstances, afe able to bear; and alleging, that such Processes too frequently occasion unhappy Differences betwixt the Minister and his Parishioners 5 which, if properly settled, would be for the mutual Benefit, Ease, and Satisfaction, of both Minister and Parishioners; and that the Clergy in Scotland fa fat greatly, by not having their Stipends punctually paid; and that, although they have the Law in common with other Subjects, yet rigorous Prosecutions against their Parishioners might tend to alienate the Minds of their People from them, and consequently to make them less useful in their sacred Function; which if put under proper Regulations, might be recovered, without such Prosecutions; and that in Scotland there are sundry Churches, so near one another, and the Parishes so small, that they cannot afford a suitable Maintenance to their respective Minister; and many other Parishes are so extensive, as to be too great a Charge for any One Minister; and such Parishes being properly united or divided, as the same should happen, would tend very much to the Benefit of that Country; and that these Inconveniencies having been taken into Consideration by the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, which met *x. Edinburgh in May last, they came to a RefoJution to make humble Application to Parliament for Relief, and appointed the Petitioners their Commissioners f6r that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Seamen, and others,’whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Entitled to a Distribution of Money, and other valuable Effects, taken during the late War, on board the Matquisd Antin and Lewis Erafme Prizes, by the Prince Frederick and Duke Privateers, in behalf of themselves, and others] interested in the said Captures, Was presented to the Hotffe* and: read; getting’' forth, That in the Year 1744 John Cafamaijor, Valens Comyn, Israel Jabbert, Parnel Nevill, Edward Iron-side, and William Belchier, of London, Esquires, purchased Three Ships, called thtPrince Frederick, Duke, and Prince George, to fit out as Privateers, to annoy his Majesty $ Enemies the French and Spaniards; arid did obtain, from the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office<jf Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Letters of Marque to cruize against his Majesty’4 Enemies; and that the Petitioners, and the rest of the Crews, entered on board the said Ships, and executed Articles of Agreement, whereby One Moiety of all Prizes, that should be taken, were to be divided between the Captains, Officers, and Seamen, in such Proportions as are mentioned in the Schedule annexed- to such Articles; and that soon after the said Ships lailed, and One of them, called the Prince George, was

loft before any Prize was taken; and the other Two Ships proceeding in their Cruize, did, on the 10th Day of July 1745, engage Two rich French Ships, called the Marquis d'Antin and Lewis Erafme, and, after a long and desperate Engagement, took them, and carried them into Kinfale in Ireland, where they were condemned as lawful Prizes; and that most of the Petitioners, being in want of Cloaths, and other Necessaries, went on Shore at Kin-sale, where they contrafted Debts for such Necessaries; and several Merchants, and other Persons, living at Kinfale, and others who went there on purpose with a View to purchase the Shares of the Petitioners, and others intitled to the Benefit of such Captures, raised false Rumours, and made Misrepresentations, as well on board the said Ships, as in the Town of Kinfale, in order to seduce the Sailors, Landmen, and Boys, belonging to the said Ships, to fell their Shares in the said Prizes; such as that the King of Portugal, or some of his Subjects, would claim the greatest Part of the Treasure found on board such Ships* that the Brtfi Squadron was out at Sea, in order to intercept them in their Passage from Kinfale to Bristol; and that, supposing the y were legal Captures, and should arrive safe at Bristol, it would be Three Years before the Owners would pay the Crew the Prize-Money; and that when it was paid, a Sailor’s Share would not amount to above Two hundred Pounds; under which Circumstances, the Petitioners, being flushed with Success, and tempted with ready Money, were incautioufty drawn in to fell their Shares, for Jess than a Fourth of the real Value, none of fuchSharesbeingfold for more chan Two hundred Pounds, and many of then for One hundred and Fifty, or less; and some Part of such Considerations, made up by Bills or Draughts upon other Persons, having a long Time to run, and which such Sailors were obliged to get difeounted at a large Premium; and that the Managers of such Prizes have already paid for an able Seaman’s Share 615/. Four hundred whereof was advanced to several of them within Three Months after the Ships arrived at Bristol; and that some of the Petitioners remaining in Ireland for a long Time, and others being pressed on board Men of War, the Purchasers, either by themselves or Agents, in Ja* nuary 1745, received 400l. for a whole Share, 300l. for a Three-quarters Share, and 2001, for half a Share, and gave Receipts for the same to the Managers, and left in their Hands the several Bills of Sale; and chat most of the Petitioners coming over to England, entered claims in the Managers Books, and requested them to pay the Residue of the Money due to the Petitioners; but that the said Managers informing the Petitioners that they had been sued by some of the Purchasers, and that they bad recovered at Law, the Petitioners could only be relieved in Equity, which obliged them to file Bills in the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, against the Purchasers, to fee aside such Bills of Sale, and against the Managers, to have the Money remaining in their Hands paid to the Petitioners; tofomeofwhich Bills the Purchasers appeared, and put in Answers, and Decrees have been obtained against them, for setting aside such Bills of Sale, upon Payment of Principal and Interest; but that they refuie to comply with' those Decrees, and set the Petitioners iat Defiance 5 infilling, that no Procefsout of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in England can be executed in Ireland; so that the Petitioners must unavoidably be under Necessity of commencing new Suits in the Courts of Ireland, for the same Matters determined in the Courts of Equity in England, unless relieved by the Power and Wisdom of Parliament; and that in the Prosecution of other Bills, several of the Petitioners have been put to great Expence, in fending Persons to Ireland to serve Subpaenas; but that the Defendants, knowing the y could not be brought into contempt, neglected to appear to such Bills; by which Means the Petitioners are disabled from proceeding in such Causes; nor can they proceed in the Courts of Ireland, by reason that the Managers who Jive in Englandare necessary Parties, as having Part of ^he Money, and also the Bills of Sale, in their Hands; and fts- his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench in England hath

the

34 Geo. II. 7 0 Mari 105

the Correction of the Judgments in the Courts of Law in Ireland^ and enforce the Execution thereof, by directing the Courts in Ireland to carry such Judgments into Execution; and as Courts of Equity in England proceed by the same Rules and Maxims as Courts of Equity in Ireland, being all subject to the Supreme Court of Judicature, the House of Lords of Great Britain: Therefore praying the Aid and Assistance of the House, to enable the Petitioners to enforce the Decrees obtained,or to be obtained, and the Execution of such Process as hath issued, or shall issue, thereupon, against such of the Defendants as reside in Ireland^ or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premifes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Chnty’sPe- ' A Petition of Joseph Chittey Esquire, late of London, tition read, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; com-and rejected. pjajning of a Prosecution carried on against him many Years past, by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, their Sollicitor, and other Officers of the Crown, in the Name of the King’s Attorney-General, under Pretence that many large Parcels of Lexia Raisins, imported from Spain by the Petitioner since the Year 1719, were Great Raisins, and ought to pay the Duty as such, although the Petitioner never saw nor heard of any Att of Parliament, which fays the Raisins that grow in Spain are Great Raisins; for that Great Raisins in the old Book of Races are rated at Thirty Shillings per Hundred Weight, without the Duty, and the Raisins from Spain, by the Att made in the Year 1725, are rated but at Ten Shillings per Hundred Weight; and further complaining, that the Petitioner has been obliged to pay 1,761 /. 17 s. 11 d. according to a Decree against him by the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in the Year 1744, besides 1,000l. more which it has cost the Petitioner in Charges to defend himself many Years in the said Prosecution; and alleging, that the said Decree is of great Importance, and may, in its Consequence, be a Prejudice to his Majesty’s Revenue, and also a Loss to the Publick; and that before the Year 1725, the Petitioner, and other Merchants, paid the Duty on Lexia Raisins, imported from divers Parts of Spain, according to the Value sworn to by the Importer, which was generally at Ten Shillings per Hundred Weight 5 and that Alicant and Denia Raisins, mentioned in the new Book of Rates, are Lexia Raisins; and that only Two Sorts of Raisins grow in Spain 5 viz. Raisins of the Sun, and Lexia Raisins; whereas, by the said Decree, there now niuft be Three Sorts of Raisins; viz. Raisins of the Sun, Alicant or Denia, or Lexia, and Great Raisins; and setting forth, that soon after the said Decree was made, the Petitioner laid his same before the Lords of his Majesty’s Treasury, who thereupon ordered a Draught of a Warrant, to discharge the Petitioner from the Payment of the Sum so decreed; which said Draught was sent to the King’s Attorney-General, for his Opinion; but that he declaring in his Report, that the said Lords had no legal Power to grant such Warrant, the Petitioner had no Benefit thereby; and further setting forth his Services to the Publick, in various Stations: And therefore praying. That the Petitioner may be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this his very extraordinary and unhappy Cafe, in order to clear up and explain the true Nature thereof, that his Majesty’s Revenues may not be leflfened, or Trade and Commerce obft rutted; and if it shall appear that the Petitioner has been injured, that the House will do therein as to them shall fcem meet.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the said Petition be rejetted.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Levy Salomons, of London, Merchant, _ for and on the Behalf of Elias Moses ds Fortis, of Amfter- Time for'fub-dam, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; fcribin^ An-ferting forth, That Moses de Fortis, Dottor of Physick nuiiies. (Father of the said Elias Moses de Fortis) died at Amsterdam in the Year 1735, possessed of 3,451/. Joint Stock, in the New South Sea Annuities; anl that the said Moses de Fortis did, by his last Will and Testament, appoint his Wife Mariana Gompertz, isaac de Emanuel Cur tel, Abraham Henriquez Ferriera, and Jacob Machado de Sequeira, all of Amsterdam, Executors thereof, with Requclt to the Gentlemen Wardens of the Portuguese Jews Synagogue in Amfter dam, if they should think proper and necessary, in case any or either of the said Persons should refuse to att, to nominate another, or other Person or Persons, in the Place and Stead of the Person or Persons so refufing; and that on or about the 23d Day of February 1735, the said Mariana Gompertz, otherwise de Fortis, together with the said Jacob Machado de Sequeiray proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, kept at Do Hors- Commons, the Probate whereof was granted unto them, with Power reserved to make the same Grant to isaac de Emanuel Curiel, and Abraham Henriquez Ferriera, the Two other Executors in the said Will named, when they should apply for the fame; that the said Mariana Gompertz died in the Year 1745, an<^ the said Jacob Machado de Sequeira in the Year 1748, and the said isaac de Emanuel Curiel$\ed, without ever intermeddling with the said Affair; and that thereupon the said Elias Moses de Fortis applied to the said Abraham Henriques Ferriera, as the only surviving Executor in the Testator’s Will named, for him to take upon himself the Burden and Business of the said Executorship; but the said Ferriera itf\used to comply with the said Request; whereupon he applied to the Wardens of the said Synagogue, pursuant to his father’s Direction \n his said Will; but that they, after having spent many Months in writing about it to their Correspondents in London, and taking Opinion of Counsel, resolved also not to att at all therein; and that thereupon the said Elias Moses de Fortis was adviied to procure the said Abraham Henriques Ferriera, and the said Wardens, to sign Proxies of Renunciation of their laid several Nominations in the Testator’s Will; which, after several Months being spent in corresponding and taking Opinion of Counsel, as before, they did at last execute; and the same were entered, and are now remaining in the Arches of the said Court of Canterbury; and that by the Death and Renunciations of all the Persons in his said Father’s Will named, his Estate and Effects remained unadministered; and thereupon the said Elias Moses de Fortis, as the only Son of the Testator, has procured and obtained Letters of Administration de bonii nony With his Father’s Will annexed, under the Great Seal of the said Prerogative Court of Canterbury, which bear Date the 28th Day of January last past; and that the Petitioner has received the Interest or Dividends of the said South Sea Annuities, for the said Executors, as their Attorney, ever since the Death of the Testator, till the Death of the last surviving Executor; and that the Petitioner, whilst the First Subscription for reducing the Interest of the Funds to Three per Cent, after the 25th of December 1757, was taking in, received Orders from the said Elias Moses de Fortis, to subscribe the said Sum of 3,451 /. New South Sea Annuities, and went to the South SeaHouse to subscribe the fame, but was refused by the Clerks, as not being sufficiently empowered for that Purpose; but that, nevertheless, he subscribed the same in the Doubtful Book: And therefore, on behalf of the said Elias Moses de Fortis, praying the Hpufe will take the Prcnaifes into Consideration; and that the said 3,45*

E c New

Accowtof The House being informed, that Mr. Haldane, from low Wines the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; and Spirits. He was ca|]cd in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ,* House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantities of low Wines and Spirits, extratted in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Midsummer. 1743, to , . Midsummer 1750, distinguishing the Materials from which the fame.were extratted,.

Vol. 26.

106 7° Martli. A. 1750.

New «SWj& Annutics, (landing in the Name of the said Mojes de Fortis, and now belonging to the said Elias Mojes de Fortis, his Executor, as aforesaid, may have the Benefit of the Offer made the Annuitants by the Vote of this House of the 29th November 1749, or that the House will grant such other Relief as they shallfee meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

paddingtoun A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town-Jjnprove- Council of the Town of Haddingtoun, was presented to

me?u* the House, and read; setting forth. That the annual Revenue of the said Town is very small, and has of late been considerably diminished, by contracting necessary Debts for building a new Town-House and Prison, and for carrying on an unsuccessful Search for a Coal in the Town's Muir, called Gladjmuir, so that the Revenue of the Town falls short of defraying the yearly Expence to which it is necessarily subjected; and that the Corn-Mills of the Town, from which a considerable Part of their Revenue arises, arc in such Disrepair, that they require to be almost wholly rebuilt; and likewise the House for the Publick Grammar School; and the Sehool-Master's Dwelling House, are en-- tirely ruinous, and must be rebuilt 5 and the Streets of the Town are also in great Disrepair; and that the Town of Haddmgtcun is utterly unable to defray these Charges out of their present annual Revenue, and mud be altogether undone, unless the same be increased by the Aid of Parliament; and that the Village, called the Nungate, of Had-dingtoun, is divided from the Town only by the small River of Tine, and is dependant on the Town, who appoint an annual Magistrate over it, and has its chief Support from the Trade of the Town: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and to give Leave to bring in a Bill, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scats Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, dr brought into, and fold within the Town of Hcfddingtouh, and Liberties thereof and within the said Village of Nungate.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred jo Sir Hugh Dairy tuple, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Scott, Mr. Vyner, Sir Hen. Munro, Sir Charles Mar-daunts Lord Panmure, Mr. Oswald, Mr. MCleed\ Colonel Haldane* Mr. Muire, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Willey, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Which cot* Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Jetty ns t Mr. Potter, Mr. Pdimer, Lord Trent bam, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hampden, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Duke, Sir John Turner, Mr. Prowje, Mr, Ker, Mr. Nor. Walpole, Sir Cordel Fire-brace, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Willes, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Harry Erskine; and all the Members who fervefor North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Ma-

Petition. jesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of fhemselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

of the respective Defendants,in case they ftxould neglect or refuse to appear to the Summonses of the said Court; and forasmuch as Attornies and other Officers, of the superior Courts, resident within the City and Liberty of Westminster, insist they are in no-wife subject to the Pro-eels of the said Court; and that other Persons, resident within the said City and Liberty, insist they are not liable to be summoned in the said Court, by Persons residing out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, notwithstanding, by a Clause in the said Act, such Persons resident within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, cannot be sued or prosecuted in any other Court, for Debts recoverable in the said Court; and forasmuch as Persons resident . within the Verge of his Majesty’s Palaces sometimes absolutely refuse to appear to the Summonses of the said Court; and as to those who do appear, and have Judgment obtained against them, it is doubted whether the Process of the said Court can be executed on their Persons or Goods; and that the carrying the said Act into Execution being necessarily attended with large Expences, bc-fides the settled Payments thereout to the Marshal's Court Counsel, and the Charges of hiring Officers and Courts House,s in the respective Divisions, the clear Profits arising to the Officers of the said Court are thereby, and from the Number of the Clerks, rendered very inconsiderable; and that the said Court is now held in Three Divisions; whereas it is apprehended Two will be sufficient fully to answer the Purposes intended by the said Act: Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to explain, amend, and render the said Act more effectual, and that for the future there may be only Two Divisions of the said Court; and that a Sum of Money may be raised by a small Tax, for One Year, on the several Occupiers of Houses within the said City and Liberty, 4nd that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, sufficient to purchase, erect, or hire. Two convenient Court-Houses, for that Purpose, and for defraying* the Expences of the said Act; and that some small Addition may be made to the Fees already granted by die said Act; and that the Number of the Clerks may, upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of any of the present Clerks, be reduced; or that the House will explain,amend, or alter, the said Act, in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Trentbam, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Nor they. Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Willes, Mr. Potter, Mr. Torke, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Limerick, Mr. Town-Jbend, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Legge, Mr. Boone, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Hampden, Sir John Custy Mr. Barbor, Mr. Hay, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Burrell, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Charles Townjhendy Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Richard Warzvicke Bamp-fylde, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Hew Dalrymple, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. John Torke, Lord Egmont, Mr. Dowdejwell; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Westminster A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City and Liberty Small Debts, of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read;

frtting forth, That the Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, has been found very beneficial to the Publick, butdefeftive in some Particulars; forasmuch as it isdoubtfbl, whether there is sufficient Authority given by the said Act, to compel the Appearance u

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestry-i Excessive Use Men, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Margaret, of Spirits. Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish: And also,

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestry-Men, Ditto, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. John the Evangelifi,

WeJHuinfier: And also,

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestry* Ditto. Men, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Paul,

Covent-

<24 Geo. II.

7° Martiu

107

Excessive Ufc of Spirits.

Account of Dudes on Beer, &c.

Account of Dudes on Foreign Spirits.

Trade of American Colonies.

ExctSfi®

of Spin*

Ditto*

Ditto*

Covent-Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the said Parish: And also,'

A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex,\n the General Quarter-Sessions assembled:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of the Mischiefs arising from the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and apply such Remedy as the House shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors, is referred.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Duties arising from the Excise on Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1720, to Mtdsummer 1750, dist each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of Inland Duties paid upon all foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1746, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year: And also, an Account of the several Sorts of Spirits, and the Quantities thereof, for which the same were so paid, distinguish- ing each Year.

A Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar-Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, was presented to the House, «nd read; feuing forth, That by the Act of Navigation, passed in the 12th Year of King Charles the Second, it is enacted, That no Goods shall be imported into, or exported out of any Territories belonging to the King, in Asia, Africa, or America, in other VeflTels than such only as belong to the People of England, Ireland, Wales, or the Town of Berwick, or are built in the British Plantations, and owned by British Planters, and whereof the Master, and Three-fourths of the Mariners, are English, on pain to loft such Goods and VefiTel; and Commanders at Sea, having Commissions from the King, are impowered and required to bring in, as Prize, Vessels offending contrary to this Act; and in case of Condemnation, One Moiety shall be to the Use of such Commanders, and their Companies, and the other Moiety to the King; and that by the same Act, it is further enacted, That no Goods of foreign Growth or Manufacture, brought into England, IrelandWales, Guernsey, Jersey, or Berwick, in English or other Shipping belonging to some of the said Places, and navigated as aforesaid, shall be brought from other Places than those of the Growth and Manufacture, or from those Ports, where they can only, or have usually been shipped for Transportation, on pain to forfeit such Goods and Vessel; and that by another Act of Parliament, passed in the 15th Year of King Charles the Second, it is enacted, That no Commodity, of the Growth or Manufacture of Europe, shall be imported into any of the King's Plantations in Asia, Africa, or America, but what shall have been shipped in England, Wales, or Town of Berwick, and m English-built Shipping, navigated as aforesaid, and carried directly thence to the said Plantations, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Goods and Vessel; and alleging, that in the making of these Laws (always looked upon as the Bulwark of the British Commerce) the Legislature of Great Britain had, as the Petitioners conceive, Two great and important Objects in view. One thelncrease of Naval Power, by making Britisls Shipping, and British Subjects, the foie Carriers of the whole British Commerce, the other the apjpropriating and securing to Great Britain all the Emo-

luments arising from the Trade of her own Colonies; and so jealous has the British Legislature been of guarding these Two great Sources of her Wealth and Power fronji any Invasion, that it was no sooner perceived that One of these great Views was like to be crofted and defeated, by a Trade beginning to be carried on between the British Northern Colonies in America, and the French, and other foreign Colonies there, by which the British Subjects in North America served themselves with foreign Sugar, Rum and Melasses; and, by so doing, transferred to Fo* reigners the Benefit of a Trade, which, in its natural Channel, properly belonged to Great Britain, and which was in the same Degree advantageous and beneficial to th£ foreign Sugar Colonies, as it was prejudicial and hurtful to our own; then an Act was passed in the 6th Year of his present Majesty, by which a Duty was laid of Five Shillings per Hundred upon all foreign Sugars, Nine Pence per Gallon on all foreign Rum, and Sixpence per Gallon on all foreign Melasses, that should, after the 25th Day of December 1733,* be imported or brought, into any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, which it wa* then generally^pprehcnded would as effectually-put a Stop to that Trade, as an actual Prohibition; and that the laying of this Duty shewed, in the strongest manner, as the Petitioners apprehend, the Sense of the Legifiatufe of the pernicious Nature of this Trade, and that it ough; not to be any longer endured; but that, notwithstanding all the Care hitherto taken by the Legislature to preserve and guard these Two important Branches of her Commerce, of inestimable Value to Great Britain, from the Encroachments of Foreigners, the British Traders ip North America forgetting all Ties of Duty to his Majesty, the Interest of their Mother-Country, and the Reverence due to its Laws, have, as though they thought themselves independent of Great Britain, for some Years past, carried on a very large and extensive Trade, not only with the foreign Colonies in America, but also with the French and Dutch in Europe, directly in Violation of the said Acts; which, if not speedily prevented, by some more effectual Provisions than have hitherto been made, will be attended withConsequences fatal to the British Sugar Colonies, and greatly detrimental to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain itself; for that a settled Course of Traffic!* has been carried on for several Years past between forme of his Majesty's Subjects in North America, and the Ports of Marjeillcs and Toulon; and their Ships have gone thither laden with Pitch, Tar, Train-Oil, Oak, Timber, Knees, and Planks, for building Ships; Masts, Spars, Staves, Rice, Logwood, Beaver, Martins, Deer and Elk Skins, and Furs, and Naval Stores, carried directly to the Arsenals of France-, and for which they have taken in Return Goods of the Growth and Manufactures of France, or other foreign Countries, confiding chiefly of French Silks, of several Sorts, Silk Stockings, Gold and Silver Lace, Twist and Wire, Velvets, Gloves, Oils, Olives, Capers, Soap, Spices, Drugs, and Earthen Ware; witlt which Qoods they have returned back again directly, without ever touching in Great Britain; and that they have carriecfon the like Trade with Holland, and import yaft Quantities of Sugar, Rum, and Melasses, yearly, from the French, and other foreign Sugar Colonies, into the British Northern Colonies, in direct Violation of the said Act of the 6th of his present Majesty, without paying the Duties imposed thereby; which Commodities the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, arc sometimes imported in Vessels owned by Foreigners; and that they have carried on this Trade to such a Height, as to purchase Vessels destined for this Trade only, in which there are a great Number of Vessels employed annuaily; and that the Northern Colony Traders, to enable them to Carry on this Trade with, and for the Benefit of, France, to the greatest Extents possible, often refuse to fell their Lumber to the English, without being paid in Ready* money; which Money they carry to Foreigners, and lay out in the purchase of their Sugar, Rum, and Melasses, which they refuse to take from the English Planters; and like wife purchase a Variety of European and Ea ft-India

Commodities,

jo8 j° Martii.' 1750.

Commodities, which they’introduce into all the British Means, as the House'Audi judge sufficient and adequate.

Northern Colonies; who are by this means supplied with to remedy the Evil complained of.

their Sonar, Rum, and Melasses, from Foreigners, which Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

they ought only to have from the British Sugar Colo- sideration of a Committee of the whole House.

nies; and with European and East India Commodities, Rejohed, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

from the French, Dane* and Dutch, which they ought night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

only to have from their Mother-Country; and that by to consider of the said Petition.

means of the Northern Colonies infilling to be paid by

the British Sugar Planters for their Lumber in Money, A Petition of the Commissioners or Governors of the Greenwich the British Planters are often so much drained of their Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, was presented Ho*Pital-Gold and Silver, that they are brought into great Distress to the House, and read; letting forth, That by an Act for want of it; and that the French not only connive at, passed in the 8th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in-but do all in their Power to cherish and encourage, this tituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Trade, as well knowing the immense Advantages they Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James derive from it; and that the British Sugar Colonies must late Earl of Derwentwater, and CharlesRadcliffe, the Combe gradually depressed, and, in the End, totally ruined missioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital, were by it; and that most of the trading Nations in Europe required to contract and agree with able and sufficient J'eem more intent than ever upon grasping the Sugar Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finiffiing Trade; the French and Dutch, by extending and improv- and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a workman-ing what they have already; and other foreign Nations, like Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, by settling new Sugar Colonies; as the Danes have lately according to the Plan laid before the House, in that Sef-done at Santa Cruz; which makes it the mfcre immediate fion of Parliament; and that, in order to finiffi and com-Concern of Great Britain, to be watchful in the Protec- plete the Building of the said Royal Hospital, according tion and Preservation of her own Sugar Colonies; and to to the said Act, several Ploufes and Lands are necessary guard against every Attempt used by Foreigners to wrest to be purchased; which, by reason of Infancy, and other any Parc of that Trade out of her Hands; and that it Disabilicies, or Refusal of Persons interested, to dispose appears, the foreign Powers having Sugar Settlements, of their Property in the said Lands, Houses, or Tene-have taken all Opportunities of preserving and enlarging menes, upon reasonable Terms, the Pctiiioners have not their Sugar Trade, and with a Success that is surprising; been able to do; and that several Sums of Money, fuffor that they have even had the Art and Management to ficient to purchase the Houses and Lands, so wanted to find out a Way of introducing their foreign Sugars, under complete the said Hospital, have been given to the said the Denomination and Disguise of British, into Great Hospital, for the purchasing of Lands and Tenements j

Britain itself; so that the Petitioners conceive it is but too which Sums are not applicable to any other Use; and that, apparent, from ailthefe Insta»ces, that, without some vi- by reason of the said Difficulties attending the Purchase gorous Effort of Parliament, a great Part of that Wealth, of the said Houses and Lands, the Petitioners cannot which Great Britain might and ought to derive to her- finiffi and complete the said Royal Hospital, according self from the Trade of her own Colonies, will be raviffied to the said Act of the 8th of his present Majesty, without from her by the Intrigues of Foreigners, and the Treachery the further Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And thereof her own Subjects; and as this is a Commerce so clearly fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Benefit and Interest of France, and other foreign to render all such Contrafts and Agreements, as shall be Nations, and so prejudicial to the Honour, Trade, Na- necessary to be made, for the finiffiing and completing vigation, Manufacturers, and Interest of this Kingdom; the said Royal Hospital, valid and effectual, and for afeer-and as the Northern Colonies are, in every Branch of it, taining the Recompence that shall be made to such Per-as the Petitioners apprehend, the Agents of France, and fons as shall refuse to contract with the Petitioners for the other foreign Nations, carrying it on for their Benefit, Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall and against the Interest of their Mother-Country, by seem meet.

introducing for the French, and other foreign Nations, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

their Sugar, Rum, and Melasses, into all the British sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Northern Colonies, which ought to have all their Sup- Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to plies of that kind from the British Sugar Hands; by sup- them, to the House:

plying the Northern Colonies with European and East And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Lord John Murray,

India Commodities, from the foreign Settlements, and Mr. Legge, Mr. Alderman Beth ell, Mr. WilkinJon, Mr.

Old France, which they ought only to have from their Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Mother-Country; and bysupplyingOWFr^ with Naval Hill, Mr. Rohinjon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Cocks, Mr. IVal-Stores, Dyeing-Woods, and Firs, which ought only to be pole, Mr. Sandy s, Mr Turner, Mr Barber, Mr. Thomas sent Home to Great Britain 5 and as if any thing can Pitt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Egmont, endanger the Northern Colonies becoming independent, Mr. Hay, Mr. Northey, Lord Barrington, Mr. Gough, Mr. it is the suffering of this Trade to continue; by which it Ellis, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Wilson, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Gray, is plain, they are more connected in their commercial In- Colonel Conway, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Cordel Ftrebrace, Mr. tertfts with France, than with their Mother-Country; Hume, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Arjcot; and all the Members and, as past Experience has ffiewn, that no Remedy is who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, Sussex, the City adequate to this great and national Evil, or sufficient to of London, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet put a Scop to, and prevent for the future, this ruinous this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and destructive Trade, but a Prohibition of it: There- Chamber 5 and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, fore praying the House to take the Premises into Con- and Records, sideration; and to take such Measures therein, as they

shall think will be most speedy and effectual for securing A Petition of the Widows of the Commission and War- Office the Trade, Navigation, Manufactures, and Interest, of rant Officers of the Royal Navy, was presented to the Wido Great Britain, and for rescuing its Laws from Contempt, House, and read; representing to the House, That the Penfl< and for preserving the British Sugar Colonies from those Petitioners have been liable to many Difficulties of Life, fatal Mischiefs with which the same are threatened, by for the fe Eight Years past, by the great Reductions of this pernicious, illicit Trade, with the French, and other their Pensions and Bounty, and the irregular and long foreign Settlements, either by prohibiting the Northern delayed Payments thereof; whereby the Petitioners, and Colonies from taking any Sugar, Rum, and Melasses, their helpless Orphans, are under very unhappy CirLum-from the French, and other foreign Settlements, and fiances at this Time; and expressing the Hopes of the effectually enforcing and securing such Prohibition, by such Petitioners (that as they are entitled to the Produce of the Provisions as shall be thought proper, or by such other separate Funds of Three Pence in the Pound, of the Pay

"J

24 Geo. II.

and Half-Pay of all the Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, and the Wages and Victualling of a fictitious Man in every Hundred Seamen borne on the Books of all his Majesty’s Ships of War) that the House will consider of a Settlement of the Payment thereof; and that, as the Widows of the Land Officers are established by a Parliamentary Setdement, and regularly paid every Four Months, the House will be pleased to consider, that the Petitioners are (till without any regular Settlement; and that although the Officers and Seamen of the Royal Navy cannot be so regularly or frequently paid as the Land Forces, yet that a Calculation may be made of the Sums arising from the Produce of the lepa-rate Funds appropriated to the Payment of the Pensions and Bounty; and chat the: same may be paid at a certain Time once every Year: And praying the House to take into their Consideration the unhappy Circumstances and Condition of the distressed Widows and helpless Orphans of so many brave Sea Officers, who have been iip&n all Occasions ready to hazard their Lives in the.Service of their King and Country; and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

The other Order of the Day being read;

ExceffiveUfe Refohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-

of Spirits, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Martii\

Anno 240 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

(Word VfR. Bold presented to the House, according to Or-liidgeRoad. lVJL der, a Bill for repairing the Road from Crosford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hiilme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hull’s Aningrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

EfUus. for impowering the Trustees named in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Edward Hulfe Esquire, and Hannah his Wife, to lay out Part of the Trust Monies therein mentioned in the Purchase of reversionary Elates, as well as Lands in Possession, to be settled to the Uies of the said Marriage-Settlement, with Power to makeLeafes thereof, according to the Custom of the Country, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tracy, Sir Thomas Moflyn, Mr. Cooke, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Cocks, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Hay, Mr. Turner, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Willey, Sir Roger Twifden, Mr. Fitz. Scudamore, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Ciift, Mr. Myddleton, Lord Downe, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Beagban, Mr. Carter, Mr. Wilson, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Bold, Sir Lud. Grant, Sir Lionel Pilkjngton, Mr. Comewall, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bond, Mr. John Yorke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Colleton, Lord Parker, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Kyr.aston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wi/fon, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Willes, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Allgood, Lord Strange, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Reynolds, Mr, Townshend, Sir Roger New-VoL. 26.

109

digate, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Newnbam, Mr. Chauncy Townshend, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dowdeswell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton and Nottingham:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants, and other Dealers, Duties on within the City of London, concerned in the Cotton Linen Yarn. Trade, and in the Manufactures ofcoarfe,checqued, and striped Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That very considerable and extensive Manufactures of coarse checqued and striped Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton, have been carried on for many Years past in this Kingdom, whereby our Home-Consumprion hath not only been entirely supplied, but also very large Quantities of the said Manufactures have been annually exported to foreign Markets, and to his Majesty’s Colonies in America; and that the said Manufactures are* chiefly worked up with coarse Linen Yam imported from Ireland, and upon which a Duty of One Half-penny per Pound1 Weight is paid upon the Exportation thereof from that Kingdom 5 and that very large Premiums have been lately allowed upon coarse Linens exported from Ireland, and very considerable Bounties given upon the Exportation of coarse, brown, white, and dyed Linens, from this Kingdom; whereby the Manufacturers of checqued and striped Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton (which are not intitled to the said Bounties) have been subjected to great Disadvantages, as the Manufacturers of brown and white*

Linens both in Britain and Ireland have been enabled to purchase Yarn at x higher Price than the Persons concerned in the checqued, striped* and Cotton Trade, cart afford to give, and the Price of the Yam has accordingly advanced at least 20 L per Cent. and that, under these Disadvantages and Discouragements, the Exports of our coarse checqued and striped Linen, and Linen and Cotton Manufactures, have of late been very consider- ably decreased, and there is great Reason to apprehend, that this Trade must, in a very short Time, be totally ingrossed by the French 2nd Dutch, who can be supplied with coarse Yam at as moderate a Rate as the same has been usually fold for in Ireland, and from which Supply the British Manufacturers are in a Manner excluded by the present high Duties upon foreign Yarn; and that the Manufacturers abroad are also enabled, by the low Price of foreign Linen Yam, to purchase Cotton at an advanced Rate, and to manufacture the same with Linen, and to vend such Manufactures at foreign Markets, upon more reasonable Terms than Manufactures of the same Fabrick and Species can be sent from this Kingdom, and that by this means the Cotton Trade is in a great Degree fallen into the Hands of the French and Dutch; and alleging, that unless some Provision be made for relieving the said Manufactures from the Difficulties they at present labour under, these important and valuable Branches of Trade must be inevitably loft, to the Ruin of many Thousand Manufacturers employed therein, and to the great Detriment of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, particularly to such of the said Colonies as are concerned in the Growth and Culture of Cotton, and also to the great Prejudice of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, especially to the Mediterranean and Levant Seas: And there- fore praying the House, to take this Matter into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall appear necessary.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of checquered and Ditto, striped Linens, and of the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory in the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lcncaster, whose Names are thereunto fubr feribed, in behalf of themselves and others, the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Dealers therein within the said Town, &V. was also presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present

F Majesty,

70 — 8° Martii.

i ro

8° Martii.

a. 17.50,

Majesty, a Bounty of One Penny per Yard is granted Cottort, are referred, to examine and state to the House upon certain Kinds of British and Irish Linens, of the the Matters of Fad contained in these Petitions.

Value of Six Pence per Yard, and not exceeding Twelve

Pence per Yard, and One Half-penny per Yard on such 'Mr. Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom Fox’s Name.

British and Irish Linens under the Value of Six Pence per the Bill to enable George Lane, heretofore called George

Yard, on Exportation thereof, which Ad was to com- Fox, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the

mence the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1743, and to Surname and Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of

continue for Seven Years; and that, by an Act made in James Lord Viscount Lane/borough, in the Kingdom of

the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Ireland; atceased, and for inrolling the said Will, and

a further Bounty of One Half-penny per Yard (over and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts

above the Bounty by the former Ad) was given upon in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed; That the

Exportation, for every Yard of British or Irish Linen of Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and the Value of Five Pence per Yard, and not exceeding the found the- same to be true: And that the Committee had

Value of T welve Pfence per Yard, from the 24th of June directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any

1746 to the 25th of March 1750, or at any Time longer Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s

before the End of the then next Session of Parliament; Table.

and that, by another Act made in the Twenty-second Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. x

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, all the fame

Bounties or Allowances are continued to be paid in like A Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act Selby, &o

manner, and under the same Regulations as the before- passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Hoads,

mentioned Acts appoint, from the 25th of March 1750,* Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the' during the Term of Three Years, and thence to the End Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of of the then next Session of Parliament; and that, over York, t6 the Town of Leeds, and from thence in Two and above the said Bounties given by Parliament to the several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and Exporters of British and Irish Linens from Britain, the the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Linen-Board of Ireland, for Encouragement of their coarse Half ax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of Linen Manufadories, have annually publiftied very high the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and Premiums to be given to the Manufacturers of the largest also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the said Quantity of Linen Cloth for Exportation; and that a confi- West Riding, over Bramham Moor, through Kid-Hall derable Trade in striped and chequered Linens, mostly made Lane, over Win Moor, and throughSeacroft, to a Place o{Irish Yarn, and manufactured in that Part of the Country, called Holton Dyall, where it comes into the abovesaid' hath been carried on and supported by the Petitioners Road between Selby and Leeds; was read a Second time, and others, and large Quantities of such Linens, of the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Bowne,

Value of Six Pence per Yard, and not exceeding Twelve Mr. Darner, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Bristow, Sir Lionel Pence per Yard, have been yearly exported to the British Pilkington, Mr. Webjier, Mr. Butler, Mr. Orme, Lord Colonies, and other Places, without Aid and Assistance of Strange, Mf. Page, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Reynolds, Sir the said Bounties, which do not extend to any Linens Francis Poole, Colonel Vane, Mr. Bowes, Lord Trent ham, striped or chequered; and that a Duty, amounting to* Mr. Baptist Lev. Gower, Mr.' B'Jyddletvn, Mr. Ridley, about Five per Cent. is laid by the Parliament of Ireland Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Richard Lev. Gower, Sir IVm. upon all Linen Yarn exported from thence, which Duty Middleton, Admiral Knowles, Loxd‘ Ancram, Sir Richard is a greater Hardship upon the Petitioners, in as much as Wrotttjley, Mr. Ingram, Lord Coke, Mr. Thornbagh, Captain the Expence of buying the said Yarn, and Charges of Edgcumbe, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Geo. Selwyn, Lord Beer-Importation from Ireland, amount to at lead Five per hurst, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Churchill, Lord Bur-Cent, more, which the Manufacturers of Ireland are not leigh, Mr. Offley, Mr. Edgcumbe, Colonel John Bofcawen, liable to; but, on the contrary, by Aid of the said Bounties, Mr. Montague, Mr. Geo. Bojcawen, Mr. Whitworth, and the Encouragement yearly continued by the Linen- Lord Bury, Marquis of Granby, Colonel Waldegrave,

Board of Ireland, they are enabled to give higher Prices Lord How, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Hen. Slingsby, Mr. Barne, for Yarn than the Petitioners, under the Disadvantages Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Allgood, Mr* Fellowes, Mr. before-mentioned, can afford to do: and that the Peti- Vyner, Mr. Wilson, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. tioners, finding a sensible decay in their Trade, must cease Colleton, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sergijon, Mr. from making several Kinds of Goods in the Linen way. Bury, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. which have greatly contributed to the Employment of the Proby, Mr Hill, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Grenville; and all poor People in this Country, and allowed to be a valuable the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Bur-Branch of Trade, which the Petitioners now apprehend ham, Northumberland, Lancaster, and North Britain: will be entirely loft, or fall into the Hands of Foreigners, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the unless, by the Consideration of Parliament, some Method Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, is taken to ease the Petitioners, with respect to the present

Disadvantages they lie under in providing Yarn from A Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execu- Ouzc Navi-Ireland, and for the Encouragement of the Exportation tion an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the gatiou. of striped and chequered Linen Goods, manufactured in Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable Britain: And therefore praying the House to take the the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney, so far Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners as the same relates to the Navigation of the River com-such Relief as the Nature of their same requires, and as to monly called the Lejfer Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, the House shall seem meet. , and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be re- Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, ferred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom was read a Second time.

the Petition of the Manufacturers of striped and <che- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-quered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen roy Scudamore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bar bo r, Mr. Gore, Mr. Manufactory in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in Affleck, Mr. Lev. Gower, Lord Parker, Mr. Bankes, the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Wal-Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, pole, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Vernon, Lord Bupplin, Sir Francis and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Brake, Lord Hi/Jborough, Mr. Hill, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Traders and Dealers therein, within the said Town and Kynaston, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Car-Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the several michael, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hale, Lord Harry Beauclerk, other Petitions relating to the British Manufactures of Mr. Proby, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Wm. Pitt, striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Mr. Thomas Pitt, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Beaghan, Mr.

Browne,

8° Mar tii. 11 i

24 Geo. II.

Browne, Sir Wtn. Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Alderman Baker, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Robert de Comew ally Mr. Williams, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Geo. <Tbw#-Jhendj Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sir 7^# Barnard’ Mr.

Comptroller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Come wall, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gore, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Poore, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bathurst, Sir 7^7* Saville, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Afa-£e»/, Colonel Bocland, General Onslow, Lord Egmont, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Martin, Mr. Neale, Colonel Leigh, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Jo/for Peachey, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Harris, Lord Petersham, Mr. White-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Fairfax have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Brampton Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to High Lane, whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Common-Council, Freeholders', Merchants, Traders, and inhabitants, of the Borough and’Corporation of P/r£-f&o&df, in the NorthRiding of the County of 2or&; and also of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Common-Counti), of the Borough and Corporation of Lancaster in the County of Lancaster; as also of the Gentlemen, Merchants, T radars, and others, residing in and near the aforesaid Places, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hdufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions;

An Act made in the T wentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign was produced, whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted for repairing the Road from Catherick Bridge to Tarm, in the County of York, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield to the City of Durham.

Mr. Cuthbert Readjhaw and Mr. William Dixon, were examined; and said, That in pursuance of the said Act, great Progress had been made in repairing the said Road; and that, if Provision was made for continuing and repairing the said Road to the Town of Lancaster, it would be of great publick Utility, as the shortest Communication would be thereby opened between the Two Seas, and the Expence of conveying Goods and Manufactures to and from the Counties of York and Lancaster much leffened, and the Trade of that Part of the Kingdom greatly increased:

And that many Parts of the Road, leading from the Termination of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act to the Town of Lancaster, are very narrow and deep; and that the said Road is also in many Places almost impassable for Wheel Carriages, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course appointed for the Repair of Highways.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brump-ton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence, to and through the Towns of AJkrig and Ingleton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster: And that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Reynolds, and the Lord Downe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wiifon’s Mr. Wilson presented to the House, according to Order, Name, a Bill to enable John Fenwick, lately called John Wilson, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Name, and bear the Arms of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fenwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 26.

Mr. Motifon reported from the Committee, to whom Lincoln the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Citizens, Small Debts, and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, in Common-Council assembled; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Householders, Shopkeepers, and Refiants, within the City of Lincoln, and County of the said City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, inhabiting within the said City and Liberties thereof; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Close and Bail of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were referred; That the Committed had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Two first-mentioned Petitions, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. John Garmfton and Mr. Francis Barnard, who, being severally examined, said, That the City of Lincoln is an ancient Corporation, and a County within itself, of a large Extent, and has Rivers, which are navigable to the Towns of Hull and Boston, and a considerable Trade is carried on to those Parts:

That Numbers of Artificers and HandicraftPersons are employed within the said City, and County of the fame, who cannot support thtitvselves without Credit; and Numbers of Dealers come from the adjacent Counties to attend the Fairs and Markets held within the City, who rent Stalls, and gain a Livelihood by felling their Goods and Merchandize, arid frequently give Credit to many of the poor Inhabitants residing therein:;

And they further said, That those poor Artificers are / often under Difficulties to obtain Credie, and the Dealers who keep the Fairs and Markets are greatly discouraged from giving the fame, for small Sums of Money, to those poor Persons, by reason that many of them who gain Credit, evade the Payment of their just Debts, prefum-ing on the Expence and Delay which attend the Recovery thereof:

And they both severally said, That if an easy and speedy Method for recovering of just Debts, at a small Expence, should be granted, it will be a means to promote Industry, support useful Credit, and be of great Advantage to the said City.

And to prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition the following Witnesses were examined;

Mr Garmfton and Mr. Barnard, who severally said.

That the Close and Bail of Lincoln are Districts, situate within, and surrounded by, the City of Lincoln, but are in the County of Lincoln, and, upon Account of che said Situation, the Inhabitants thereof are, and ufuaJJy have been, taxed to the Land Tax as Part of che City, and Tub-je£t to the Commissioners for the said City, and County of the fame, and not to the Commissioners for the County at large; and unless some Provision be made for the Inhabitants of the said Close and Bail, they will, by means of their continual Intercourse and frequent Dealings with the Inhabitants of the City, be subject to great Inconveniencies in suing, and being sued for small Debts:

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee' came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Debts within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and within the Close and Bail of Lincoln, within the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Debts within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and within the Close

and

Ill

8 Martiu 1750.

and Bail of Lincoln* within the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Monjon, Mr. Whichcote* and Mr. Sibthorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

CrickleyHill, A Bill for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester* to Frog Mill, and oa through the Towns of Burford and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen* to Campsfield', in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford* and allb the Road from Witney* through Ensham, Cutnner* Wigh-tam, and Botley* to the City of Oxford* was read a Set-cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Palmer* Mr. Rowney* Mr. West* Mr. Prowse* Lord Barrington, Mr. 2V&, Mr. P/V/, Sir Geo.Oxenden, Lord Trentbam* Lord Sir Nathanael Curzon* Mr.

Mr. Hampden* Sir JW# Custt Mr. Nugent* Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster* Colonel Leighton* Lord Limerick* Mr. Waller, Mr. Comewall* Mr. Bayntm* Mr. Burrell, Mr. Proby* Mr. Martin* Lord Strange* Lord Egmtnti* Mr. Powney* Mr. Peachey* Mo Dowdeswell, Mr. Potter* Mr. Tracy* Mr Alderman'Janfcn* Mr. Alderman Baker* Mr. Wilfcn* Mr. Knightley* Mr. John Torke, Mr. Brookft bank, Mr. G>0. Townshend, Mr. Archer* Mr. Greathud* Mr. Bacon* Mr. Bond* Mr. Carmichael* Mr. Lascelles* Mr. Thomas Pitt* Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxford* Hereford* Worcester* Bucks* Monmouth* and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Haughton’s Mr Belchier reported from the Committee, to whom Name. the Bill for enabling James Langston* formerly called James Haughton* and his Heirs, to use the Surname and bear the Family Arms, of Langston* pursuant to the Will of James Langston his Uncle, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined die Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Excessive Use Ordered* That Dr. William Barrowby do, upon Tuesday 0 Plnts- Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London* in Common-Council assembled, relating to spirituous Liquors, is referred.

Ordered, That Dr. John Sylvester do attend the said . Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Dr.....Dawson* Physician to St.

George's Hospital, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Dr. William Coxe do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Came* High-Constable of Westminster, do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Saunders Welsh, High-Constable of Holborn Division, do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Penkamman do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered* That..... Jarvis Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Johnson do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Mallory do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

CarlifleRoad. Sir William Myddleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Cumberland and Northumberland* was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fa& contained in the said Petition * and had directed him to report a State

thereof Co the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth * viz.

The Committee find the Matter of Fa& contained in the said Petition to be as follows:

That the City of Carlifte, in the County of Cumberland» and the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of Northumberland* are situate on the Two principal Passages from the Northern to the Southern Parts of this Kingdom, the first near the Irish Channel, the other near the German Ocean, at the Distance of about 60 Miles one from the other:

And Major-General Cholmondeley informed your Committee, That during the Time of the late Rebellion, he marched with the Troops from Newcastle, which were ordered to Carlifte to intercept the Rebels: That on the First Day the Troops set out at Seven in the Mornings and it was Eleven at Night before they arrived at Oving-bam, which is only Eight Miles from Newcastle; and the next Day they set out at the same time, and marched to Hexham* where they did not arrive till Eleven of the Clock at Night, and the Carriages did not come in till next Day:

That the Distance from Newcastle to Hexham is no more than Sixteen computed Miles; and in good Road an Army will ra^rch Sixteen Miles in Eight Hours j that the Reason of this Delay was the Badness of the Road* which was almost impafiable for the Carriages, and quite so for Artillery.

Colonel Seabright* Aid de Camp to the late Field* Marshal and Captain Morgan* federally confirmed the Evidence of General Cholmondeley 5 and Colonel Sear bright added. That if this Road was passable for Troops and Carriages, an Army might march from Newcastle, to Carlifte in left Time than they could from Edinburgh to Carlifte: And all the aforesaid Witnesses agreed, that ig was of great Importance to open a Communication between the Towns of Newcastle and Carljle, for the commodious Passage of Troops and Carriages on any future Occasion.

Mr. Thomas Sayer informed your Committee, That he is well acquainted with the Road from Carlifte to HexbamB which is mostly through an open Cotmtry, with very feyf Houses, not One Part in Ten of the said Road being through inclosed Grounds: That the Country is rocky* mountainous, and boggy, and absolutely impaifable, both in Summer and Winter, for heavy Carriages; and there are several Waters in the said Road, which frequently overflow and render it impafiable.

And it appeared to your Committee, That it is im* possible to repair the said Road by the ordinary Course of Law, nor even by the erecting Turnpikes thereon, ic being open in some Parts for Twenty Miles together, so that the Payment of the Tolls might easily be evaded; but could they be collected, the Country having little Commerce, and being uncultivated, a very small Income would arise therefrom, the Inhabitants for Twenty Miles together, not being able to furnifti Forty Carriages towards the Repair of the said Road; there being in some Parts no House to be seen for Ten or Twelve Miles together.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dififolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Anna Maria Brace h\s now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed, to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Burrell* Sub-Governor of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, 2 trading

Cop1eyfi

Divorce

Redu&ioi interestoi South Sc-Stock.

4

14 Geo. IL 8 Martii.nj

trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, First Subscription, but could not be admitted for want of and for encouraging the Fishery, acquainted the House, proper Powers; and that the Petitioner took the earliest That he had a Proposal from the said Corporation, to lay Opportunity of fending over Permits, which were re-before the House, for the publick Service. turned immediately, but, from the great Distance, did

And he delivered the said Proposal in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Proposal was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled:

The Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery,

Humbly propole.

To accept of Four PoundsCentum per Annum on their Capital Stock to Christmas 1757; and then to Hand reduced to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, provided the Receipt from the Exchequer, and Charges of Management upon the present Old and New South Sea Annuities, be continued as they now are, as also the Charges of Management on the Capital Stock of this Company be con-tiriued; and that all che Rights and Exemptions, with regard to the Redemption of che fame, be confirmed in the same manner as they now (land.

By Order of the Court of Directors of the said London, Governor and Company,

21 ft February 1750. IV. Smith, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Proposal be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Eitending The House was moved, That the Petition of Levy Sa-Tune fer lomcns, of London, Merchant, for and on the behalf of Elias tS* Mojes de Fort is, of Afnjlerdam, Merchant, which was Yesterday presented ro the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that th, y do examine, and stase to the House, the Matter of Fad: contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Alderman Beibell, Mr. Proby, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Bayn-tuny Mr. West, Mr. T'cwnjhend, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Laroche, Lord Downe, Mr. Brooksbank} Mr. Torke, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Luxborcugh, Mr. Col-letcn, Mr. Bond, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Mebish, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Talbot, Mr- Southwell, Mr. Robin-Jen, Lord Gage, Mr. Warburtcn, Mr. IVtiles, Mr. Gray, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. DcwdeJwell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fel-loues, Mr. ll'iijon, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Phiilipjon, Mr. Legge, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Lionel Piikingtcn, Lord Trentham, Mr. Richardsand all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. A Petition of Richard Boddicott, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth. That at the Time che House passed the Act for the Re-dudion of Interest, there was, and drill continues to Itand, the Sum of Five thousand and Twenty-five Pounds, Capital Old South Sea Annuities, in the Names of Hugh Holmes Esquire, and Mr. John Sanderjon, and Mr. John Armstrong; viz. Four thousand Three hundred Pounds in the Name of Hugh Holmes, Five hundred Pounds in the Name of John Sanderjon, both of the I (land of Antigua; and Two hundred and Twenty-five Pounds in the frame of Mr. John Armstrong of Jamaica; which were purchased by the Petitioner (for.Account of the said Gentlemen); and that the Petitioner has received the Interest ever since, by virtue of Powers of Attorney from them; and that the Petitioner would have subscribed the same the Vot. 26.

not come to hand till after the Time for taking in such Subscription was expired: And therefore praying, in behalf of the said Hugh Holmes, John Sanderjon, and John Armstrong, That the Petitioner may be admitted to lub-feribe the several Sums of Four Thousand Three hundred Pounds, Five hundred Pounds, and Two hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, by virtue of the said Permits on the First Subscription, to prevent the great Loss that may arise by the said Annuities being paid off, as there is no Person here to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Levy Salomons, of Iondon. Merchant, for and on behalf of Elias Mojes de Fortis, of Amsterdam, Merchant, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill* resolve itfeifinto a Committee of the whole House, upon Land Tax. the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Fifty-one;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole -House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Foreign Pro-resolve irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon tCltants Nat. the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants 5

Orde ed. That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refelved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, Thar this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bius<equer House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned,by Exchequer Bills,to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Foreign whole House, upon the Bill for naturalizing foreign Pro- Protestants testants. Nat<

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Proby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Proby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Lord Dupplin, Mr. Conolly, Sir Wm, Duties on Tonge, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Dodington, Lord Dun- Linen Yarn. cannon, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Glanville, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Darner, Mr. Cary, Colonel Conway, Mr.

Brand, Mr. Oswald, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Man* chester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufactureis of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers therein within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and

G g also

8° — 11° Mar til

Account of Naval Half-Pay Deduction.

T. Smith’s Name.

Removing Magazine at Greenwich.

114

A. 1750.

also the several other Petitions relating to the British Ma-nufadures of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen taifccd with Cotton, are referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, u° die M;

Anno 24* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1750.

Pr aver s.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Corbet, one of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the separate Funds of the Three Pence of the Pound, deduded out of Whole and Half-Pay of all the Officers of the Navy, and of the Wages and Victualling of a fiditious Man of every Hundred Seamen borne upon the Books of his Majesty’s Ships of War; as also the Produce of Lieutenant Crowe's and Mrs. Under down's Donations, and the Application thereof from the 30 August 1740 to the 30 August 1750, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the Lid Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to enable ‘Thomas Smith, now called \Thomas Panuwell, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Panuwell, was read the Third Time.

Refolded\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable ‘Thomas Smith, now called ‘Thomas Panuwell, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Panuwell.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of East Greenwich, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, was presented to the House, and read; fetcing forth, That in the Parish of East Greenwich, and within a Quarter of a Mile, or thereabouts, of the Town, in which there is a Royal Palace, and that well known fu-perb Building, the Royal Hospital for Seamen, there is a Storehouse or Magazine, wherein are frequently kept very great Quantities of Gunpowder; and that, besides the great Danger which must attend all Places of this kind, this Magazine (lands in an open Field, not inclosed with any Fortification whatever, whereby it is exposed to Treachery, and every Accident; and that the Petitioners have made Application to his Majesty’sBoardkjf Ordnance, to have the said Magazine intirely removed; to which the Board have replied, That it is not in their Power to remove the King’s Magazine, or to make a Purchase of Land, and ered another elsewhere; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners apprehend, if through Treachery, or by Lightning, or any other Accident, the said Magazine should take Fire, among many great Mischiefs which would follow, not only the Lives and Properties of the Petitioners, but the said Palace and Hospital, the King’s Yards and Stores at Deptford and Wodwich, and the Banks and Navigation of the River ‘Thames, and the Ships failing and at Anchor therein, would be inevitably destroyed, and almost inconceivable Damage accrue to the Cittesof London and Westminster: And therefore praying, That the said Magazine may be entirely removed to

such a Distance from their Habitations, as that the Lives and Properties of the Petitioners may be preserved, and the several other Mischiefs before-mentioned may be prevented, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Hardingey Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hamilton>

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Waller, Mr. Drake, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gybbcn, Sir JVm. Calvert, Sir John Custy Lord Barrington, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. While, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. PI umpire, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Brooksbank,

Mr. Barbor, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bojcawen, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Drake, Sir James Dafhwood, Mr. Potter, S\r Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Prowfey Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Downe, Mr. Geo. Town-Jhend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Neale, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Sel* wyn, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sib* thorps, Mr. Alderman Jansen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Essex, Surry, and the City of London: And they are ro meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable George Lane, heretofore f0x», called George Fox, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take Name, and use the Surname and Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased; and for inrolling the said Will, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An A eft to enable George Lane, heretofore called George Fox, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ir land, deceased; and for inrolling the said Will, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill be added to the Gentlemen, Hatton who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- Inclosure. suant to the Prayer of the Petition of Richard Lord Bishop of Carlifte, Lord of the Manor, and Impropriator of the Redory of Hutton Bushel, in the County of York, and Richard Robinson, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish Church of Hutton Bushel aforesaid, in behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Hutton Bushel aforesaid.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, Bur- ExceffiveUfe geflfes, and Commonalty of the Town and Corporation of Spirits, of Henly upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Mischiefsarifing from the excefllve Use of Spirituous Liquors: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to apply such Remedy as to the House shall seem most effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors, is referred.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Woodflock an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Roads, present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and

Enstone, -

24 GEO.II. II0

Enfionty to Ro'Wight Lane, and from Enjlow Bridge to Kid-dington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and for making the Act more eficdtual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Dafhwood, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hamiltony Sir John Cujty Mr. KnightLy, Lord Strange, Lord Bateman, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Drake, Lord Limerick, Sir IVm. Stanhope, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Je-nyns, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Williams, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Bayn!un9 Mr. Cocks, Mr. Walter, Mr. Al-drrman Baker, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Fcwnfhend, Mr. Mellijhy Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Clrcland, Mr. Lyjlery Lord IVenman, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Proby, Mr. Barbor, Mr. f&y, Mr. GVtfjy, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Myddelton, Sir #r;w. Calvert, Mr. Ridley, Mr. dibtherpe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Worcester, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Farthing- Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to Origin- der,a Bill lor inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, dofore. Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Wade Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Farthingsione, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Men- The Lord Luxborough reported from the Committee, SquareIm- to whom the Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants prorement. of Golden-Square, in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Midd.efex, was referred} That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Phillips, Carpenter, said. That he had surveyed the said Square; that the Rails thereof are in a very bad Condition, and the Pavement much out of Repair.

Mr. Joseph Cranmore, and Mr. Phillips, severally said. That some Years ago the Inhabitants of the said Square agreed, by a voluntary Contribution, to keep the same in Repair; but that of late several Persons have refused to pay their Proportion, as the Works have been neglected.

Mr. Fielding said. That the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the said Square have all been applied to, except the Proprietors of Four Houses, who are not in Town; and that they are desirous to raise Money amongst themselves, in order to enclose, enlighten, cleanse, and watch the said Square; but they are not able to perform the fame, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Golden-Square, in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for railing Money sufficient for the better Inclosing, Paving, Enlightening, and Adorning the said Square, and supporting and keeping the same in Repair for the future: And that the Lord Luxborough, Mr. Fane, and Admiral Townjhendy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

S.Smith*! Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom *an,c* theingrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable

Samuel Smith Esquire, to take and use the Name of Hoi-worthy only, and bear the Coat-Armour of Matthew Hoi-worthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without Vol. 26.

Martiu 115

any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply Bin % solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Land Tax. Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifry-one;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1749, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1751.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee. K

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane, reporred from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- SuPPJy* solve irfeif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by transporting to his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and private Men, dismissed his Majesty’s Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty’s Subjects, settled in the said Colony, in the Year 1749, and by supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty’s said Colony in the Year 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Province of Nova Scotiay for the Year 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1750, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 18th Day of February 17 50-51, and the Parts remaining unfa-tisfied, and the Deficiency thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1750, and not provided for by Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker Jest the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, a b therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

1 Orderedy

Extending Time for subscribing Annuities.

Complaint

against

General

Ai.struther.

ii 6 ii° Martii.A. 1750.

OrderedThat Mr. Bridgman have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of tiutten Perkins Esquire, for and on the behalf of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, and of Sir Orlando Bridgeman Baronet, and the Lady Anne Bridgeman his Wife, and Diana Countess of Montrath, the Committees of the Person and Estate of the said Earl, and also Henrietta Townshend Widow; and the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the said Earl of Bradford^, under the Will and Codicil of the Right Honourable Francis late Earl of Bradford, deceased, his Grandfather, intitled, for his Life, to the Income and Produce of the Capital Sum of 12,210/. is. 1 d. New South Sea Annuities, and 13,443/. 14s. 3*/. Old South Sea Annuities, (landing in the Books of the South Sea Company, in the joint Names of Samuel Edwards, deceased, and Hugh Brigges, now Sir Hugh Brigges Baronet; and after the Death of the said Earl of Bradford, the said Henrietta Towvjhend claims to be entitled to the said Capital Sums, under the Wills of the said Francis late Earl of Bradford, and of Thomas late Lord Torringlon, his Son, deceased, and Anne Lady Torringtcn, his Wife, also deceased; and that the said Committees, and the said Henrietta Townshend, being defnous to have the said South Sea Annuities subscribed, upon the Terms offered by the Second Subscription, for the Reduction of the Interest of the said Annuities, the said Henrietta Townshend wrote to the said Sir Hugh Brigges, the lurvivingTrustee, in whose Name the said South Sea Annuities (land, to desire him to subscribe the said South Sea Annuities; and Permits were sent down by the Petitioners, on the fifteenth Day of May 1.7 SO, to the said Sir Hugh Brigges, who live* at Houghton, in the County of Salop, to be by him signed for that Purpose; but that the said Sir Hugh Brigges being then from Home, and continuing to be so for some Time, the said Permits did not come in Time, to have the said Annuities subscribed; by which means the said Committees, and the said Henrietta Townshend, contrary to their Inclinations, were precluded the Benefit of the said Second Subscription: And therefore praying the House, on behalf of the said Parties, to take the Premiles into Consideration, and that the said Old and Newf South Sea Annuities may be allowed to be subscribed on the Terms of the said Second Subscription; or that the House will grant such other Relief, as they shall think just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition o {Levy Salomons, of London, Merchant, for and on the behalf of Elias Moses de For Its, of Amsterdam, Merchant, is referred: And that they do examine, and Rate to the House, the Matter of Fa& contained in this Petition.

Sir Henry Erskine Baronet, (a Member of this House) delivered to the House a Complaint, in Writing, relating to General Philip Anstruther, (also a Member of this House) lare Lieutenant-Governor of the Island of Minorca.

Ancf the said Complaint was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The same of Sir Henry Erskine Baronet.

In the Year 1742 Lieutenant-General Philip Anstruther, at that Time Lieutenant-Governor of the Island of Minorca, was Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces there, and Sir Henry Erskine was then a Lieutenant in the Regiment of Foot, commanded by Brigadier General Offarrell, in Garrison in that Island.

In the Month of May, in that Year, Sir Henry Erskine being sent for by the said Lieutenant-Governor to Mahon, was put in Arrest, by his Order, without any particular Crimes being laid to his Charge.

In consequence of this Arrest, the said Sir Henry Erskine was kept in Confinement in Fort St. Philips, for Three Weeks, and upwards; and in that Time, before any Charge was exhibited against him, or any Coiirt-Martiai appointed for his Trial, was carried before the Court of

Royal Government, and there required In the Presence of the said Lieutenant-Governor, to be examined, upon Oath, in a Cause of Complaint exhibited into that Court against Two other Persons, in relation to Memorials which had been presented to Brigadier Paget, Commander in Chief in the said island, during the Absence of the said Lieutenant-Governor, complaining of the said Lieutenant-Governor’s CondudV; the being concerned in composing which Memorials, was afterwards made, by the said Lieutenant-Governor, Part of the Charge against' the said Sir Henry Erskine, before the Court-Martial after-mentioned.

After Sir Henry Erskine had remained upwards of Three Weeks, under this Arrest, without any Charge, on the 18th June 1742, a Copy of Accusation was transmitted to him, by the Lid Governor’s Secretary, and Notice sent to him to prepare for his Trial, before a General Court-Martial, to be held upon the Wednesday following, being the 2 2d; which Charge confided but of Two Articles, the First, for having co-operated and afiifled in composing and dispersing several false and calumnious Libels, injurious to the Character of the said Lieutenant-Governor, and others; the Second, for having refused to answer, upon Oath, some Questions put to him in the said Court of Royal Government, in relation to the Memorials before mentioned, when carried thither as a Prisoner, after the Arrest as aforesaid; so that one Part of his Crime arose after his Confinement; and the other, had it been true, would have been notorious, and might have been proceeded upon without Delay.

The Court-Martial appointed to try the said Sir Henry Erskine was conflicted in an unusual Manner; some of the Witnesses brought by the said Lieutenant-Governor, to support the Accusation, were then in Confinement, at his Instance, and under his Order; they were by him refused to be set at Liberty, as required by the Court-Martial, that they might give their Testimony freely; and the Reason alleged for fuchRefulal, by the said Lieutenant-Governor; or the Perfun employed by him to manage the said Prosecution, was, because the said Witnesses were notorious Rogues. They were twice rejected by the Court; and the Lieutenant-Governor, although he refused to release them before they had thus given their Testimony, sent an Ecclesiastick of Distindbion in the Island, to allure one of the Witnesses of future Liberty, and the Friendship of the Lieutenant-Governor, if he would give Evidence against the said Sir Henry Erskine; as the Person so sollicited has since declared.

The Court-Martial having rejected these Witnesses, the Lieutenant-Governor, who was himself the Prosecutor, before the said Court had gone through their Proofs of the Accusation, ordered the Judge-Advocate, when the Court was not fitting, to deliver up the Proceedings of the said Court to him; but this the Judge-Advocate refused to do, without an Order from the President; and the President refused to give such Order, without an Authority from the Court assembled.

The Lieutenant-Governor, finding he could not get the Proceedings themselves into his Hands, or make out his Charge, threatened to dissolve the Court, and call a new one, but being diflliaded from absolutely dissolving the said Court, who were to have met the next Morning, by their own Adjournment, he arbitrarily 3nd illegally adjourned the same fine die, ordered the President and Members to repair immediately to their respective Garrisons, and continued the said Sir Henry Erskine in his Confinement, without a Possibility of obtaining his Liberty, or clearing his Character, by making a Defence.

The Court-Martial was upwards of Threc Weeks under this Adjournment; during which Time the said Sir Henry Er/kine remained in Arrest.

The Lieutenant-Governor was at length prevailed on, by repeated Letters from the said Sir Henry Erskine, to rc-assemble the Court. It met; and after having heard his Defence, and several Witnesses on his behalf, pronounced Sentence; which he has been since informed was in his Favour.

Sir


24 Geo. II. 11 ° — 120

IX7

Sir Henry Erskine was continued in Arrest many Days after the Sentence was past; and the Proceedings and Sentence were delivered to the said Lieutenant Governor, who received the same; but the said Lieutenant-Governor has neither made them publick, or ever signified, either to the said Sir Henry Erskine, or to the President or Judge-Advocate, whether the said Sentence has been approved of or not.

The said Sir Henry Erskine was at last discharged from his Arrest, and ordered to his Duty, in his proper Garrison, in the said Island, by the said Lieutenant-Governor; which Order, signified to him by the Fort Adjutant of Saint Philips, contained not the smallest Intimation of the Sentence; of which he has never been able to procure any Copy from the said L eutenant Governor, or prevail on him to pubiifh the fame, notwithstanding Application has been made to him for that Purpose.

London, March 1 itn, 1750-51. II. Erskine

And the said General Anjiruther not being present in the House;

And die House being informed* by a Member, that the said General Anjiruther is indifpoled, and hot able at present to.atcend the Service of the House;

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Complaint be delivered to the said General Arjlruther.:

The.House being informed, by a Member, that the said General Anjiruther had acquainted him, that he the said Mr. Anfirutber has in his Hands, and is ready to lay before this House, the Charge, and the Proceedings, and Sentence of a Court-Martial thereupon, held for the Trial of Lieutenant Henry Erskine, of Brigadier Offarrel*s Regiment, in the Year 1742, at Mahon in Minorca;

Ordered, That the said General Anjiruther do forthwith cause the said Charge, Proceedings, and Sentence, to be laid before this House.

fciWde Mr. Bold presented to the House, according to Order, Bridge, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Bold have Leave to make aMotion: And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ttara and Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, to whom ari£*- the BUI for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers of fThameS'md JJis, from the City of London, We ft ward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Commitree had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House was informed, That several other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Powney have Leave to make a Morion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 12° die Martii;

Anne 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750. Prayers.

kceffiveUfe \ Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gen-Spirits. jTjL tletaen, Merchants, Dealers, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Mauchefier: And also,

Vol. 26.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, Excessive tffe of the Mystery of Bakers, of the City of London: And of Spirits, allb,.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and the Ditto, principal Manufacturers, of the Parish of Christ~Church9 in the County of Middlesex ::

Were severally presented to the House, and read; ft-verally complaining of the Mrfchiefs arising from the excessive Use.of Spirituous Liquors: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and apply such Remedy as the House shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord MayoT, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors, is referred.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in hrs Debtors Pt- Majesty’s Prison of the Castle of Chester, in behalf of them- tition.

felyes, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and re^d; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Arvingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act S. Smith’s to enable Samuel Smith Esquire, to take and use the Sur- Naxnc" name of Holworthy only, and bear the Coat-Armour of Matthew Holworthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the 'Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased, was read tEe Third time.

Rjjotved,' That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowet do ^rry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hith agreed to the fata e, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, that Mr. Haldane, frorrt Accounts of the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door; Exrife on He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the £C*£Cg"n House, pursuant to their Orders, ' foreign Spi-

An Account of the Duties arising from the Excise on ms.

Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1720, to Midsummer , 1750, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the inland Duties paid upon all Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, from Midsummer 1746, to Midsummer 1750, distinguishing each Year; and also, an Account of the several Sorts of Spirits, and the Quantities thereof, for which the feme were so paid, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Preston,&c, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Road* thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants of the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. George Grey, being examined, said. That he knows the Road mentioned in the Petition; that Part of it, which lies between Preston and Garjlang, is very deep and foun-derous, occasioned by the Softness of the Soil, and want of Gravel; that the Road between Garjlang and Lancaster is very deep in several Places, but not so bad as between Preston and Garjlang; that about 200 Yards of the JRoad, between Lancaster and Heiring Sike, is very deep, and the c rest of it rough and stony J and so narrow, that in many

H h Places

n8 12* Mar til. A. 1750*

Places Two Carriages canft&t pass each other, nor even a " J?eribn *on Horseback pass a Carriage:

That the Parishes of Dalton and Priest-Hatton are now 'ynder Indictment, for Part of the Road leading through the said Parishes, the one for about a Mile and a Half, the other for Three Quarters of a Mile; in consequenre whereof they have attempted to mend the said Roads, but have made them worse: And the Witness added. That the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, are unable, by the ordinary Methods of the Law, to repair the fame, the Road being very bad, and in general much too narrow.

Mr. George Perkins confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Grey, hr every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lart-caster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Sike, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland: And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bold, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Reynolds, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Cotton im- House, an Account of the Quantities of Cotton imported into this Kingdom from Christmas 1730, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

Thames and Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, to whom jlfi^Naviga- t[,e gjy for che better carrying on and regulating the Na-. vigation of the Rivers of Thames and Jfts, from the City

of London, Westward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

CrickleyHiU, Ordered, That Mr. Vyner be added to the Committee,

lie. Roa«K to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley-Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frog-Mill, and through the Towns of Burford and Witney, and Pari fhes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford j and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Curnner, Wightam, and Botley, ro the City of Oxford, is committed.

BxceffiyeUfe Ordered, That Mr. John Wilson do this Day attend the of Spirit*-. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Davis do attend the said Committee, at the same Time. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Richard James do attend the said Committee, at the same Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Brown do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Linen Manu- A Motion was made. That all have Voices who come facture. t(y the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers therein, within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also she several ocher Petitions, relating to the British Manufactures of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton, are referred.

And a Debate arose in the House thereupon,

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker*, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned,

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended RoyalAftnt his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty to pills,

was pleased to give the Royal Allenc to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malr, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven* hundred and Fifty-one:

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Two Millions One hundred Thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pasted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of IJncoln, and for making the same more effectual:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Anna Maria Brace, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for ocher Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Samuel Smith Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Holworthy only, and bear the Coat-Armour of Matthew Holworthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased:

An Act to enable John Heath Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duke, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Richard Duke Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing John Liotard, Daniel Richard\

Daniel Ferrand, Charles Boucher, and John Schnely:

An Act for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Rrauter.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Linen Man* mittee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of &&* striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers therein, within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the several other Petitions relating to the British Manufactures of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton, are referred.

A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linens made Ditto, in Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Encouragement of the Linen Manufacture is the immediate Interest of Great Britain and Ireland, and is, perhaps, more a common Concern than any other Manufacture or Branch of Commerce; and fecting forth. That on the 19th of April 1738, this House came to a Resolution, That the Manufacture of Linen made in Great Britain and Ireland, was of late Years greatly improved and increased, whereby the Price of all such Manufactures of foreign and home Fabriclc had been considerably reduced; and that the further Extension of such Manufactures would be attended with fe — veral national Advantages; and that all proper Support and Encouragement ought to be given thereto; and that in the Year 1742 the House came to a Resolution, That the said Manufactures were greatly improved and increased; and that the Price of Linens, as well of foreign as of home Fabrick, had been thereby considerably reduced; and that by an Act of Parliament in the said Year 1742,

14 Geo. It ii6 Martii. n c)

in the 15th and 16th Ytarsof his present Majesty’s Reign; of the Bounties and Encouragements before mentioned, ah additional Duty was; after the First o fAuguJl 1742, the Linen Manufacture hath been since so greatly increased, laid on all foreign Cambricks, imported into Great Bri- that in the Year 1748 the same amounted to 13,493,000 ‘tain; and it was thereby Enacted That out of the said Yards, exclusive of large Quantities made ip England, additional Duty on Cambricks, there should be paid a and of what hath been made in Scotland and Ireland, for Bounty of One ^enny for every Yard of British and Irish private Consumption; and that thfe Petitioners are able Linens, made of Hemp or Flax, of the Value of Six to prove the several Fasts before, mentioned; and that Pence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Twelve the repealing of the said Bounties oh the Exportation of Pence per Yard, and of One Half-Penny for every Yard coarse Linens, or the granting of any bounty to encou-of such British and Irish Linens, under the Value of Six rage the Importation of Linen Yarn from Ireland to this Pence per Yard, which, from and after the 25th Day of Kingdom, will, in a few Years, necessarily destroy the March 1743, and within the Term of Seven Years, to Manufacture of coarse Linens in Ireland, and be a certairi commence from the said 25th Day of March, or at any Means of returning that Manufacture into the Hands of Time thereafter, before the End of the then next Session Foreigners, whom, by reason of the Premiles, we at pre-of Parliament, should be exported out of Great Britain; fenc undersell, for the IVefl India and other Markets; and and that this Bounty not proving a sufficient Encourage- will prejudice the Manufacture of Linen in general, as well ment to the said Manufacture of coarse Linens, a further fine as coarse: And therefore praying the House, That Bounty or Encouragement was, in the Year 1745, granted the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard before the by Parliament, by an Act of the 18th Year of his present Committee, to whom the said Petitiorts are referred, in Majesty’s Reign; which recites. That the Manufacturers relation to the Premises; and that they may have such of Linens made in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ireland were greatly improved and increased, and that Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

thereby the Price of Linens, as well of foreign as of home fideratL>n of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Fabricks, had been greatly reduced; and that there was Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Reason to believe the said Manufactures of Linen would Tradersand Dealersin the Linen Manufactory,intheTown be improved, and the Exportation thereof to foreign and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and Parrs increased, if an additional Bounty was allowed on the the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed*

Exportation thereof; and it was therefore thereby enacted, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of That after the 24th Day of June 1745, there should be Linen Goods, and cheTraders and Dealers therein, within allowed a further Bounty of One Half-Penny for every the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent, and Yard of British or Irish Ldnens, made of Hemp or Flax, also the several other Petitions relating to the British Ma-of the Value of Five Pence per Yard, and not exceeding nufactures of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen the Value of Twelve Pence per Yard, and a Bounty of mixed with Cotton, arc referred; and that they do exa-Three Half-pence for every Yard of such Linens, of mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast con-above the Value of Twelve Pence, and not exceeding the tained in this Petition.

Value of Eighteen Perce per Yard, which, between the

24th of June *745, and the 25th of March 1750, or at Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday the sixth Tythe df

any Time thereafter, before the End of the then next Day of this Irritant March, for the House to resolve itself Ho^s*

Session of Parliament, should be exported out of Great into a Commictee of the whole House, upon Tomorrow Britain, as therein is mentioned; and that by an Act Sevennight, to consider of the Petition of the Hop-Planters made in the 2ad Year of the Reign of his present Ma- residing in and near the City of Canterbury, and other jesty, the said Bounties are continued from the said 25th Places in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves, of March 1750, for the further Term of Three Years, and and others; and also the several other Petitions relating from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- to the Tythe of Hops; be now read, liament; and further setting forth, That, encouraged by And the said Order being read accordingly; the said additional Bounty, great Numbers of Looms Ordered, Th.it the said Order be discharged.

were, in 1745, and the subsequent Years, set at work in Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

Great Britain and Ireland, for making coarse Linens, in- night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, titled to the same Bounties in which many Thousands of to consider of the said Petitions, poor People, old and young, have been ever since employed; and that the same hath so far answered the wife Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to Colonial Bill*

Intentions of Parliament, that whereas the Quantity of whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, trading Credit; British and Irish Linens, inwtled to the Bounty exported to his Majesty's Colony of Rhode Island, whose Names in 1744, the Year next preceding the Granting of the are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and said additional Bounties, amounted only to 210,000 of many of the most considerable of the Inhabitants of the Yards, the Quantity exported in 1750 amounted to said Colony, was referred; That the Committee had exa-3,400,000 Yards; and observing that several Petitions mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens in him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together Manchester and of the Manufacturers, Traders, and with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the Dealers, in the Linen and Cotton Manufacturers in Black- House: And he read the Report in his Place; and after-burmwA Preston, and others have been presented to the wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the House, and referred to the Consideration of a Committee, same was read; and is as followeth; viz. which Petitions, or some of them, take Notice of the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

said Bounties granted on coarse Linens, and of a Duty William Bollan Esquire, being examined, said, That, in

payable in Ireland on the Exportation of Linen Yarn the Year 1742, the Price of Silver in Bills of Credit, of from thence, and of certain Premiums given by the any of the Colonies in New England, of the old Tenor,

Linen-Board of Ireland, for encouraging the Making of was from 27 s. 6d. to 28 s. 6d. per Ounce, at Bojlorr, coarse Linens there, and complain of Difficulties which and in the Year 1749 the Price of Silver there, in like the Petitioners pretend to be under from thence, in pro- Bills of Credit, w>as 60 s.per Ounce, or thereabouts; and viding Yarn from Ireland, to carry on the said Manu- that the Prices of Silver, in like Bills of Credit, at New-fasturesj and alleging. That the said Duty, payable in port, Rhode Island, in those Years, varied very little, if Ireland on the Exportation of Linen Yarn, is not a new any thing, from the Prices at Boston:

Duty, it having existed ever since the Reign of King That for many Years Bills of Credit of each of the Henry the Vllth, and is Part of his Majesty’s hereditary Four Colorries in New England generally passed promis-Revenue; and that, in the Year 1728, the Linens damped cuously throughout all the said Colonies; and continued for Sale in Scotland, and imported into England from to do so till the ift of April last, when the Currency of Ireland, amounted to 5,844,465 Yards; but, by reason Connecticut, Rhode Island, and New Hampshire Bills'

Vcl. 26. ccafedjr

120

Colonial Bills ceased, in Massachusetts Province* in confluence of a of Credit. Law, patted there in the Year 1748, for drawing in all . their out-standins* Bills.

Mr. Barlow 'Trecotbiiky being examined, said, That, in the Year 1742, the Exchange between England and Rhode Island was from 500 /. to 5.5o/. Rhode Island Currency, for 100l. Sterling in England.

Alexander Grant Esquire, being examined, said, That the Exchange between England and Rhode Island, is now from 1,050/.* to 1,100l. Rhode Island Currency, for 300l. Sterling in England; and by the Sinking of the Value of the Currency so much, the Creditors of the said Colony, and all Persons who reside therein, whose Effects or Estate have confided in Money, or Bills of publick Credir, have been greatly defrauded:

Thar what affects tire Exchange between Great Britain and any One of the Four Colonies, will affect the Exchange of all the rest:; '

' That, in his Opinion, it is not poflibl^ to prevent the introducing Rhode Island Bills in the other Three Colonies, nor to prevent the Government of Rhode Island making fresh Emittion of Bills, without an Act of Parliament:

That he knows many Persons, possessed of large Effects in the said Colony, who designed to come to England to live, but were prevented by the depreciating the Value of their Money, by the Increase of Bills of Credit; and . have been thereby rendered incapable of paying their Debts here:

That no general Tax has been levied, for paying off or sinking the Bills of Treafiiry, for upwards of 20 Years pafl, which ought to have been done, except One in 1744, for 10,000l. their Currency, which is less now than I,oco /. Sterling.

Then he laid before your Committee a Journal of the Proceedings of the General Assembly of the Colony of Rhode Island, which was transmitted to him, with a Petition to his Majesty, from the most considerable Merchants, and Persons of great Eftares, in the said Colony; in which is an Account or State of the Paper Currency*of the Colony of Rhode Island, &c.; which, upon comparing it with the Account or State to the Petition annexed, they agreed in every Particular.

Your Committee observing, that in the said Account 176,964/. 6 s. 10 i d< is said to be paid in, and burnt, at several Times, Mr. Grant said, That that was mostly paid with Money received from England, granted upon Account of the Canada Expedition:

’ That in the said Journal are several Petitions, dated June ijth, 175c, and Third Monday in August 1750,-signed by a great Number of Persons, 10 the General Assembly, against emitting any more Bills of Credit; and in the said Journal is also a Resolution of the House of Deputies of v: the said Colony, dated August 24th, 1750, That the Sum of 50,000 /. in Bills of publick Credit, of a new Tenor, be emitted by this Colony, to be let out upon Loan; and a Bill was ordered to be prepared for that Purpose; which 50,000l. is equal in Value to 400,000 /. Bills of Credit, of the old Tenor.

Then the Journal of the House, of the 25th of April 1740 (That an humble Address be prefenced to his Majesty, humbly to desire him that he will be graciously pleased to require and command the respective Governors of his Colonies and Plantations in America, punctually and effectually to observe his Majesty’s Royal Instructions, not to give afient to, or to pass, any Acts, whereby Bills of Credit may be issued in lieu of Money, without a Clause be inserted in such Act, declaring that the same shall not take Effect, until the said Act shall be approved by his Majesty), was read: In pursuance of which Address, a Letter from the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, approved by an Order of their Excellencies the Lords Justices, in Council, dated 14 August 1740, was, with a Copy of the said Address, fenc to the Governor and Company of Rhode Island, signifying to them, that by the said Address they might perceive how much the House of Commons apprehend the.Commerce of Great Britain to have been affected by the large and frequent

1750.

Emissions of Paper Currency, in his Majesty’s Colonies in America, in which Rhode Island has had too large a Share; and that his Majesty in pursuance of the said Address, had fenc circular Instructions to the several Colonies more immediately under his Government, not to pass any more Bills for the lfiuing of Paper Money, without a Clause inserted therein, to suspend the Execution till his Majesty’s Pleasure should be signified thereupon; and admonishing, and advising them to pay all due Regard to his Majesty’s Intentions, and to the Sense of the House of Commons, upon this Occasion.

Then the Journal of the House, of the 29th of May 1749 (That an humble Address be prefenred to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Tenor and Amount of all the Bills of Credit which have been created and issued in the several British Colonies and Plantations in America, as well those under Proprietors and Charters, as under his Majesty's immediate Commission and Government, that Shall be then outstanding, distingnishing the Amount of the same in each Colony or Plantation, and the respective Times when such Bills, so outstanding, were issued, with the Amount of the said Bills in Money of Great Britain, both at the Times when such Bills were issued, and at the Time of preparing the said Accounts, and also the Times fixed for the Calling in Sinking, and Discharging, such Bills, and the Funds appropriated for that Purpose), was also read: In pursuance of which Address^ his Grace the Duke of Bedford, one of his Majesty’s.Principal Secretaries of State, on the 19th of July 1749, wrote a Letter to the Governor and Company of Rhode Island, signifying the said Address to them, and his M.ajcity’s Pleasure thereon, that they should order the Accounts, mentioned in the said Address, to be transmitted to him, in order to their being laid , before the Parliament j which Account was transmitted to his Grace accordingly; and being pro duced to your Committee, and compared with the Account or State of the Paper Currency of the said Colony, to the Petition annexed, it agreed therewith.

Upon the whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Value of Silver, in the Colony of Rhode Island, hath, between the Years 1742 and 1749, varied from 28 s. or thereabouts (the Value in 1742) in 6oj. per Ounce, or thereabouts (the Value in 1749); and that in 1742 the Exchange between England and Rhode Island was from jod/. to 550/. Rhode Island Currency, for 100l. Sterling, and in the Year 1749 the Exchange was from 1,050/. to 1,100l. Rhode Island Currency, for 100l. Sterling in England.

Resolved, That in the Four Governments of New England \ viz. the Massachusetts Bay, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and ConneRicut, the Bills of Credit issued in One Government have a promifeuous Currency in the other Three Governments; and Experience has shewn it to be impradicable to prevent the Introduction of Bills of Credit issued in One Government, into the other Three, without an Act of Parliament of Great Britain.

Resolved, That the great Rife in the Value of Silver, and in the Exchange, occasioned by the repeated Emiftions of Paper Bills of Credit (particularly in Rhode Island) hath been the Means of defrauding the Creditors, in all the Four Governments, of great Part of their Property; and, by introducing Confusion into Dealings, hath proved a great Discouragement to the Trade of these Kingdoms.

Resolvedy That, notwithstanding repeated Notices of the Senle of this House, the said Colony of Rhode Island, on the 3rd of August last, passed a Vote for emitting of JO,000/, in Bills of publick Credit, of a new Tenor, equal to 400,000l. Currency, to be let ouc upon Loan, in Contempt and Defiance of the Authority of his Majesty, and this House, contrary to the Representations and Remonstrances of many of their own Inhabitants, to the further Depreciation of their Currency, and the defrauding of the Creditors of all the Four Colonies.

11 Rejolvedy

T2° Martii.

V

L.

24 Geo. II. 12 0 Martii 121

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to remedy the growing Inconveniencies of Paper Currency, the Bills of Credit in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode JJland, arid Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Majfacbu/etts Bay, and New llamp-shire, in America, be regulated and restrained.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir William Calvert, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bedford, and Mr. Alderman Baker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sopply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proposal of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, be accepted in full Discharge of all Demands which the Company could or might claim of the King of Spain, on Account of the Aflicnto or annual Ship, or on any Account whatsoever, over and above the Sum of One hundred Thousand Pounds, paid pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 1 ifty-seven thousand Five hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence Half penny, be granted to his Majesty, upon ' Account, for defraying the Charges incurred t>y transporting to his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and private Men, dismissed his Majesty’s Land and Sea Service, and other his Majesty’s Subjects, settled in the said Colony in the Year 1749, and by supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty’s said Colony in the Year 1750, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Nine hundred apdTwenty seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia for the Year 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven Thousand Nine hundred Eiglryfour Pounds F'ourteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1750, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Sixty-five thousand Seven hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Light Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 175°.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hotife.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solliciror-Generai, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Army; An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, ‘nil and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-ertion* ters, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Vol. 26.

Bill, by way of Ridel*, relating to the Giving of Copies of Sentences of Courts Martial.

And the said Clause was twice read, and several Amendments were made thereto.

And another Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Clause;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Importation resolve icfclf into a Committee of the whole House, to of Cambricks. consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in l^inen of the Cities of London and Westminster. and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon *Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- ExcelCve Use solve itself into a Committee of the whole House to confi- of Spirit#* der of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors;

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Duties on Spirituous Liquors, extracted in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Midsummer 1746 to Mid/ummer 1750, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of Duties arising from Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, from Lady-day 1746 to Lady day 1750, dist.nguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums, paid as Drawbacks on Exporation of Spirituous Liquors in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Mid/ummer 1746 to Mid/'ummer 1750, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sums and Annuities, with which the Duries arising from Spirituous Liquors extra&rd in Great Britain, and from l icences for ret filing the fame, (land chargeable, be reierred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duties of Malt and Hops, from Midsummer 1 710 10 Midsummer 1750, distinguishing each Year, be reierred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Customs on Brandy, and other Spirituous Liquors, imported into England from Christmas 1746 to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Low Wines and Spirits extracted in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Midsummer \ 743 to Midsummer 17 50, distinguillfing the Materials from which the same were extracted, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Duries arising from the Excise on Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1720 to Midsummer 1750, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the inland Duties paid upon all foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, from Midsummer 1746 to Midsummer 1750, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the several Sorts of Spirits, and the Quantities thereof, for which the same were so paid, distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relolved itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell took the Chair of the Committee#

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee,

Thac they had examined several Witnesses, and made some Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve icfclf into the said Committee.

1 i Ordered,

122

12

130 Ma

A. 1750.

Supply Bill; Lind Tax.

Removing Magazine at Greenwich.

Account of Foreign Linen-Yarn imported.

Complaint against Gen; Anstruther.

Ordered, That Mr. Penkamman do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Pyttsdo then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Wylorn do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Rogers do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Saunders Welsh do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Came do then attend the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granring an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fiity-one.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 130 die Martii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir "John Ligonier, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Earle> Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Plumptre, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of F.ajl Greenwich, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them7 selves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, is referred.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Carder,

An Account of the gross Produce of the Duries paid upon foreign Linen Yarn imported into England, for Seven Years, dist each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to his Majesty) several Papers, containing Copies of all the Complaints that have been made to his Majesty in Council against General Philip Anjiruther, as Lieurenant-Governor of the Island of Minorca, upon which final Orders, Sentences, or Reports have been made, together with Copies of such Orders, Sentences, and Reports, and of all Proceedings upon such Complaints.

He also presented to the House a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a Copy of the Commission for Philip Anjiruther Esquire to be Lieutenant-Governor of Minorcay 5 th June 1733.

And the said Lift was read.

And the Title of the Copy of the said Commission was also read.

The said Papers and Copy are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Wendover, &c. Road.

Sir William Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty, and the other in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the

Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, and of several Persons inhabiting within the said County, and frequently travelling upon the Road leading from Buckingham, through Wendcvery to the Eighteenth Mile Stone on Red Hill, near Oak Lane, in the said County, and to the River Coin, near Uxbridge, that divides the said County from that of Middlesex,was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

The said Acfts were read; and an Account was laid before your Committee of the Income of the said Tolls for Twelve Years, from 1738 inclusive to 1749 inclusive, by which it appeared that the Sum of 1,104/. 13s. $d. was collected in the Four first Years, end no more than the Sum of 934/. )0s. 6id. in the Four last Years; and your Committee was informed, that the said Decrease in the Tolls was owing to a Clause in the last mentioned Act: for exempting from Toll, Waggons, (Ac. carrying Fuel: Then,

Mr. Rowfwell Wycomb said. That the Road from Uxbridge to Beconsfeld, which is the Post Road, and Five Miles nearer than any other Road from London to Oxford, is in a very bad Condition, in many Places very narrow, and cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom:

Mr. Charles Harris confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Rowfwell Wycomb.

Mr. Charles Serjeant said, That the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone on Red Hill to Wendover is very bad, and so narrow in many Places thac Two Carriages cannot pass; that he has been obliged frequently to fend a Servant before a Coach to stop Carriages, for fear a Coach should be obliged to be drawn back; that the said Road cannot possibly be repaired by the Laws now in being, which, was the same amended, would tend greatly to increase the Tolls between Wendover and the Town of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Leave Be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called the Oxford Road, lying between the Town of BeconsJieldy in the said County of Bucksy and Uxbridge> in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Beconsfield to Uxbridge aforesaid: And that Sir William Stanhope#

Mr. Lowndesy Mr. Hampden, and Mr. Drake, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Thamei adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Commit- ].fis Nav tee to whom the Bill for the better carrying on and regu- won‘ lating the Navigation of the Rivers of Thames and lfis, from the City of London, Westward, to the Town of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts> was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report: And the Residue' of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groffied.

A Petition of John Joly, was presented to the House, Extend and read; setting forth, That before the 29thOay of De- Times cember 1749, the Petitioner had (landing in his own Name to the Amount of 1,000l. Old South Sea Annui- c*'

tics,

Offices and Employments.

Uwjrefpefr iig Felonies

Sipply Bill: land Tax,

Papers respecting Lt. Col. Pinfold.

24 Geo. II. 130 Mar

tics, 2,000l. New South Sea Annuities, i,coo/. Bank Annuities 1747, 1,000/ Lottery Annuities 1747; but that the Petitioner being at that time in his Voyage to Turkey, and not arriving from thence to England till within these few Days past, he had no Opportunity of subscribing in the said several Annuities by the Time limited, agreeable to the Resolutions of this House: And therefore praying, That he may be admitted to subscribe in the said several Annuities on the First Subscription, in the same Manner as the other Annuitants have done, or have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meec.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Levy Salomons, of London, Merchant, on behalf of Elias Mojes de Fortis, of Amsterdam, Merchant, is referred, be revived.

Ordered, That the said Petition of John Joly be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themftrlves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir JVi'liam Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordercdy That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to revise and consider the Laws in being which relate to Felonies, and other Offences against the Peacej and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment of the said Laws: That they do revise and consider the Laws relating to the Poor, of that Part of Great Britain called England, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment of the Laws relating to the said Poor.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House the Order in Council, made 12th June 1739, reversing the Decree of Lieutenant-Colonel Pinfold, and his Assessors, against Don Antonio Ruby.

Resolved, That an hurtible Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House the Order in Council, dated June 12th 1739, approving the Committee’s Report on the Complaint of John Font, and others, against Lieutenant-Colonel Pinfold, from Minorca.

Ordered, That the said Adresses be presented to his Vot. 26.

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Merchants, principal Inhabitants, Foreign Pro-Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and Artificers, of the City of tcstants Nat-Bristol\ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House,

That though, from the Titles of the Two Petitions, which have been presented to the House (the one in the Name of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their common Seal; and the other in the Name of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Adventurers within the same City) praying, that the House would pass the Bill for the general Naturalization of foreign Protestants into a Law, it might be reasonably inferred, that the Sense of all the Citizens of the said ancient and opulent City appears thereby, yet that in Fact there were not more than Forty individual Persons consenting to both the said Petitions; and that the Petitioners, who are some of the most considerable Merchants, Tradesmen, and Artificers, within the said City, were no-ways consulted thereon, or privy thereto; and that the Petitioners (notwithstanding what is suggested by the said Petitions) conceive, that should the said Bill pass into a Law, the fame, instead of being an Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, would be highly prejudicial to the Interest thereof, for that it would not only tend to the depriving of many thousands of the industrious Artificers and Poor, from procuring a sufficient Support for themselves and Families, and thereby, of confluence, in crease the Poor Rates, but that besides, the Introduction of such a number of Foreigners, instead of being a Support to the present happy Establishment, might endanger the Subversion of our Constitution; and that the Petitioners also apprehend, that should this Bill pass into a Law, the fame, instead of increasing our Manufactures, would, in the End, tend greatly to the Diminution thereof, in regard that many Foreigners, under the Umbrage of such a Law, would come and reside amongst us'for a time, in order only to inform themselves in the Nature of the several Methods and Managements of our Manufacturers and Artificers, and, after having made themselves Matters thereof,return again into their native Countries, and there carry on or assist in the carrying on. Manufactures of the like kind, to the Detriment of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Army: Debate, upon the Amendment which was proposed to be Mutiny and made to ^the ingrossed Clause, Yesterday offered to be comon" added, by way of Rider, to the ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

And the said ingrossed Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, that the Party, tried by a Court Martial, shall be intitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such Court Martial, upon Demand, after a certain time.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third, time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 23. To leave out <c fud/’ and insert "the."

L. 24, 25. To leave out " the Commander."

Pr.6. L. 33. To leave out "nor later than One Year.’*

L. 37, 38. To leave out c< nor later than Two

Years/’

Pr.7. L. 3> 4. To leave out "nor later than Two Years/-

And

Ways and Means.

Foreign Pro-teitants Nat.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills, &c.

Dividing Parishes in Bristol.

124 13° — 14° Martii. 1750.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr, Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report for the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for naturalizing foreign Proteliants was committed.;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning

next;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f^‘r of* QMr. Lowndes:

45-

92-

Tellers for the Noes *Sir Thom*s Haks>

tellers for the i\oes, j Mr

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Proby accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Report was read.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into,a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ions, lies at a great Distance from the present Parish Church:

That the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Durham (late of Bristol) has purchased a Piece of Ground, which he proposes to give to the Petitioners for the Building and Endowing a new Church intended to be erected, which Ground cost his Lordship 375/- and he proposes to add the further Sum of 25/. for the same Purpose* which will make his Lordship’s Donation amount, in the whole, to 400l.

The Reverend Mr. Tucker said, That the Corporation of the City of Bristol, who are Patrons of the Living of St- Philip and "Jacoby propose to contribute 250/. towards the Building and Endowing such new Church, if an Act could be obtained for that Purpose:

That several other Persons have signified their Desires to contribute several Sums for that End, amounting to 850/. so that the whole Sum given, and promised to be given, amounts, with the Queen’s Bounty of 400l. to 1,9001.

And that Thomas Chester Esquire, Lord of the Manor of one Part of the Forest of Kingswood, hath signified his Consent for granting a Piece of Ground of Four or Five Acres, and his Right to the Waste, which Ground is commodiously fuuated for erecting the said intended Church and Vicarage House, and for laying out a Church-Yard, Gardens, and other Purposes, relative to the said Defigri.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the Out-Parish of St. Philip and Jacob, in the County of Gloucester, and for erecting a Parish-Church therein: And that Mr. Chester, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Southwell, and Mr. Hoblyn, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Crosford Bridge, Crosfonl through the Town ships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Bridge Road. Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was' re;»d a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bold'

Mr. Elliot, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr Fane, Mr. Chester,

Mr. Sandys, Mr Kynaston, Mr, Tracy, Mr. Brcokjlank,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Palmer, Mr. fVhichcct, Mr. Winningtcn,

Mr. Symonds, Mr. Ker, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Fell owes,

Mr. Lyster, Sir Wm- Beauchamp Proffer, Lord Parker,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hill, Lord Limerick, Mr.

Pitt, Lord Incbequin. Mr. Hardinge, Sir Wm. Calvert,

Mr. Beckford, Sir Edmund IJbam; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Westmorland, York, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Jovisy 140 die Martii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1750. Prayers.

A/TR. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom -i-VA the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Philip and Jacob, in the City and Diocelc of Bristol; as also of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish which is situatedin the County of Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. Edward Pearjon, being examined, said, That the Parish of St. Philip add Jacob is very extensive and populous, and the Parish Church much too small for the Inhabitants to assemble together for divine Worship; and that some Part of the said Parish, which is very popu*

Mr. Andrew Michell reported from the Committee, Edinburgh to whom the Petition of the Justices of Peace of the Hodiix. Shire of Edinburgh, met at their Quarter-Sessions by Adjournment the 21 ft January 1751, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Committee examined,

Sir William Douglas, who said, That he knows the Roads leading through the County of Edinburgh to the City of Edinburgh, which are, in general, very bad; and that he has frequently seen Carts and Carriages broke down in them, occasioned by the ruinous Condition thereof:

That, by the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom, they have a Power to levy the 20th Part of the valued Rent, and are likewise obliged to perform Six Days Statute-^work in a Year:*

Besides which ordinary Provisions, the Inhabitants of the County of Edinburgh are impowered, by an Act of 1 the

24 Geo. II. 14° Mdrtiu

the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to levy, a small Toll for repairing the Bridges and Highways of the said County:

That the Wicness believes the said Provisions, as well Ordinary as extraordinary, have been duly collected and levied, and fairhfully applied and performed, but have been found insufficient to repair the said Roads, which are many in Number, and much frequented by Carriages.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, leading to and from the City of Edinburgh: And that Mr. Andrew Mitchell and Mr. Ker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

stortMeach Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Road. £he Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of North-leach, in the County of Gloucefi&, on behalf of them-felwes, and many others, travelling the Road leading from the Top of Crickley Hill to a Place called Frogg Mill, and from thence to Burford and Witney, and so on through the Parities of Hanborough and Bladen, int;o the great Road leading from Woodfiock to Oxford at Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered k in at the Clerk’sTable; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. Richard Ricketts said, That the Town of North-leach is an ancient Market Town, where formerly a considerable Trade was carried on, which of late Years has very much decreased, and is now almost loft; that it lies upon the ancient Road from Gloucester to Oxford, is a Post Town, and formerly Stage Coaches uftd to go through the Town, and Horses for Stage Coaches were kept in the Town; that in the said Town are Four Pumps, Plenty of running Water, and many good Houses of Entertainment, and is very conveniently situated for the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parishes to lodge Goods and Parcels carried between Gloucester and Oxford:

That Horses for the Stage Coaches have not been kept 3n the said Town for upwards of Thirty Years past; the Coaches generally since that Time having gone another Road upon the Hill, about a Quarter of a Mile from the Town: That he apprehends the Reason the Stage Coaches did not continue to go through the Town, was the Bad-ness^of the Road; and the Loss of the Trade, he apprehends, was owing to Persons travelling the other Road, apd the Want of a Market in the said Town:

Mr. William Robins said, That from the turning out of the Road through Northleach into the Road again is only Four Miles and Sixty-six Lugg; and the Road now used, from the turning out to the coming into it again, is Four Miles:

That the Road through Northleach may be easier amended than the Road upon the Hill; the former lying through a shallow Soil and rocky Ground, and Stone much easier got, and at a cheaper Rate, and the latter is a deep miry Clay; that he has computed the Expence of repairing both Roads; and the Road through Northleach will cost Four Pounds per Furlong less than the Road upon the Hill:

That the Road through Northleach being the hardest Road, Waggons in Winter frequently go that Way; and twice this Winter he has seen the Stage Coach go through Northleach:

That the Road upon the Hill is the flatter Road, though the other is but a little up Hill and down, going into and out of the Town of Northleach; and that, were both the Roads amended, a Carriage would be but a Quarter of an Hour more going through Northleaeb than the other Road:

That at Northleach are many good Houses of Entertainment, several Pumps, and a constant Supply of running Water, which is very convenient for Cattle travelling; whereas, in the other Road, there is only Qnc Von. 26.

House of Entertainment, oh any Water, but at One Place; to be had in dry Seasons for many Miles together; and in a very dry Summer there has been so great a Want of Water there, that he has been obliged to go Half a Mile to fetch Water: That this happened about Twelve Years ago; but he has known the like happen for Two or Three Years together, till the Ponds there were altered; the last of which was finished about Two or Three Years agoi

That if the Road through Northleach was amended, and Carriages went that way, Passengers would have the.

Advantage also of passing by the aforesaid House of Entertainment and watering Place.

Mr.Jujliman Lovefy said, That the Road through Northleach is capable of being amended cheaper than thd. other Road, by reason hard Stone is easier to be got for the Repairs thereof th^n for repairing the Road upon the Hill; and the Road through Northleach being a light and rocky Ground, the other a deep miry Clay:

That at Northleach is plenty of Water, but on the other Road there is only One Place for many Miles together, to water Cattle at; which is private Property, and is generally attended with Expence to the Driver:

That on the Hill Road Five Parishes. are obliged to do Statute-work, and on the Road through Northleach only Four; but for the effectual Repair of either Road, more is to be depended upon from what will arise by a Toll than from what the Inhabitants can do.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, and through the Towns of Burford and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, Wigh-tam, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; is committed;

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Frog Mill through North-leach, to Burford and Witney.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to Parish Cierki whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, AfTistants, Company, and Brethren, of the Company of Parish Clerks of the Cities of London and Westminster, Southwark, and Parishes adjacent, within the Bills of Mortality, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

Letters Patent, granted by King Charles the 1 ft, bearing Date the 27th of February, in the nth Year of his Reign, were produced; which recite, That it had appeared, that King James did, by Letters Patent, in the 9th Year of his Reign, incorporate the Parish Clerks of the City of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and of the Nine Out-Parishes adjoining to the City of Westminster, by the Name of the Matter, Wardens, and Brethren, of Parish Clerks of the said City; and did also enjoin them to make weekly Reports to his said Majesty of all Christenings and Burials within the said Cities and Liberties, and to perform several othe^ Services.

And Letters Patent, bearing Date the 17th of February, in the 14th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles, were also produced, whereby all Parish Clerks, within the City and Suburbs of London, and the Liberties thereof, the City of Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the Fifteen Parishes adjacent, are commanded to deliver into the Clerk’s Hall of the aforesaid Corporation, every Tuesday before Six of the Clock in the Evening, a true Account in Writing, with his Name subscribed, of all the Christenings and Burials in the said several Parishes in the preceding Week, and, to the bed of their Knqwlege, of the Diseases of which such Persons died:

Kk And

Hfllfe’s

Estates.

Extending Time for subscribing Annuities.

I26

And they are thereby dfirefted not to cfeciare the Number of such Persons as Ibould die of the Plague, until the Lord Mayor of London had received their Books; and are also impowered to print weekly and yearly Bills of such Christenings and Burials, and all other Persons whatsoever are prohibited from printing the fame.

Mr. Mackie, Clerk to the Company, was examined, who said, That weekly Reports of all the Christenings and Burials within the Limits aforesaid, delivered into the Company's Hall, have been constantly presented to the King, and the Lord Mayor of London-, but that such Reports are extremely iricorre<S, as many Clerks have been very negligent in making their Returns, and especially of late, particularly in the Parishes of St. Annie Soho, St. George Hdn&ver Square, St. Anne Limehouse, and several others; and that ho Report has been made from the Parish of St. John Westminster for this last Year.

That when the Witness was first appointed Clerk its the Company, he waited upon the Clerks of the several Parishes, and pressed them to fend in their Reports; and he was answered, They did not mind the Company's Charter, it was an old Charter i

That the Witness applied to the Person who officiates as Clerk for the Precinct of Bridewell, for his Return; who answered, That the Company had no Power over him; and that he was only accountable to the Governors of Bridewell.

Mr. Thomas Smith and Mr. William Barwell were also examined; and said, That the Neglect of the Clerks in making their Returns has been increasing for these last Ten or Twelve Years, but of late has increased much more than ever; and that frequently, when Application has been made to them for their Returns, they have refused to make any.

The said Mr. Smith and Mr. Bright said. That no Returns have ever been made from any of the Burial Places belonging to Dissenters.

Then Mr. Mackie produced to your Committee the Wardens Book of the said Company; whereby it appeared. That of late; the Company’s annual Payments have greatly exceeded their Income.

The Reverend Mr. Boney was also examined; and said. That in the Parish of St. James Westminster very few Bills are now disposed of; but that if the News Writers were restrained from printing them, and the Clerks of the several Parishes, and all Persons officiating as Clerks, within the Liberties aforesaid, compelled to deliver in their Bills regularly, as directed by the aforesaid Letters Patent, he is of Opinion that the sale of the said Bills would be irtcreased to a Hundred times the Number sold at present.

Mr. Smith and Mr. Bright confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Boney in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Parish Clerks to correct and enlarge their weekly and yearly Bills of Mortality, and to secure to them the foie Right of printing and publishing the fame; and to register, in their respective Parishes, the Births of the Children of Parents of every Sett and Denomination: And that Sir William Calvert and Mr. Tracy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Richards, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Jod-irell, Mr. Hume, Mr. Martin, Mr. Abraham Hume, Mr. Tuckfteld, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Trustees named in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Edward Hulfe Esquire, and Hannah his Wife, to lay out Part of the Trust Monies therein-mentioned in the Purchase of Reversionary Estates, as well as Lands in Pofifeflion, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, with Power to make Leases thereof, according to the Custom of the Country, is committed.

Mr. Belcbier reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Levy Salomons, of London, Merchant, for and on

j. 1750.

the behalf of Elias Mojes de Forth, of AmJIerdam, Merchant; and also the Petition of Richard Boddicott, of London, Merchant 5 and also the Petition of Hutton Perkins Esquire, for and on the behalf of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, and of Sir Orlando Bridge-man Baronet, and the Lady Anne Bridgman, his Wife, and Liana Coontefs of Montrath, the Committees of the Person and Estate of the said Earl, and also Henrietta fowrijhend Widow; and also the Petition of John Joly, were severally referred \ That the Committee had fexamined the Matters of Fatt contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;. and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the first-mentioned Petition the Committee find the Fatt to be as follows:

By Letters of Administration, produced to your Committee, dated the 28th Day of January 1750, granted to the said Elias Mojes de Forth, under the great Seal of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, it appeared, That Mojes de Forth, Father to the said Elias Mojes de Forth, died in 1735* possessed of 3,451 /. Joint Stock of New South Sea Annuities; and did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 13th of May 1735, appoint Isaac de Emanuel Curiel, Abraham Henriques Ferriera, Jacob Machado de Sequeira, and Mariana Gomperts, otherwise de Forth, his Widow, Executors, with Request to the Wardens of the Jews Synagogue in AmJIerdam, in case any of the said Persons should refuse to act, to nominate Others in their stead:

That on the 23d of February 173J, the said Jacob Machado de Sequeira and the said Mariana Gomperts proved the same in the said Prerogative Court of Canterbury: and that the said Jacob Machado de Sequeira and the said Mariana Gomperts are fincedead, and that the said Isaac de Emanuel Curiel is also dead, without ever acting as Executor under the said Will; that the said Abralxim Henriques Ferriera, the only surviving Executor in the said Will named, hath renounced the Execution thereof; and that the Wardens of the said Synagogue have renounced the specia! Power to them given by the Testatory of appointing other Persons in the room of those dying or refusing to att, as Executors; and that thereupon the said Letters of Administration were granted to the said Elias Mojes de Forth, as the lawful Son, and one of the Residuary Legatees, in the said Will mentioned.

Mr. Levy Salomons, Agent for the said Elias Mojes de Forth, informed your Committee, That he had received the Dividends upon the said South Sea Annuities ever since the Death of the said Testator, until Midsummer 1749, by virtue of Letters of Attorney from the said' acting Executors; but the last of the said acting Executors dying in August 1749, his Power of receiving the said Dividends then determined:

That about the latter End of the said Month of August, Application, by Letters, was made by the said Mr. Salo-' mons to the said Mr. Ferriera, and the said Wardens, that they would att in the Premises agreeable to the Appointment of the said Testator, or that they would renounce their Power of acting; but the said Mr. Ferriera, and the said Wardens, could not be prevailed upon either to act, or to renounce their Power, untjl the Month of December last; at which Time their several Proxies of Renunciation were registered in the aforesaid Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and thereupon the said Letters of Administration de bonis non were granted to the said Elias Moses de Forth

That the Witness did, whilst the First Subscription for reducing the Interest of the said Annuities to 3 /. per Cent. after the 25th Day of December 1757 was taking in, receive Orders from the said Elias Mojes de Forth to subscribe the said Sum of 5,451 /. and accordingly he went to the South Sea House to subscribe the fame; and that though he was refused by the Clerks to subscribe the same in the current Book, as not being sufficiemly impowered for that Purpose, nevertheless he subscribed thq same in the Doubtful Book.

Mr.

140 Mart Hi

14° Martii iif

24 GeO. If.

Mr. Solomon de Costa, Notary Public, informed your Committee, That about the latter End of August 1749 Mr. Salonens applied to him, in relation to the Will of the said Moses de Fortis, the Executors being some dead, and the rest refusing to act; that, at the Requefi of the said Mr. Salomons, the Witness wrote several Letters to the said Mr. Ferriera and the said Wardens, desiring and requiring them to act agreeable to the said Will, or to renounce their Power of acting; but that he could not prevail upon them to do either till December last, when they sent over their several Proxies of Renunciation; which being registered in the said Prerogative Court, Administration de bonis non was granted to the said Elias Moses de Fortis:

That the Witness, in his Quality of Notary, at the Request of the said Mr. Salomons went with him to the South Sea House, in order to subscribe the said Sum into the First Subscription; and, upon the said Mr. Salomons being refused to subscribe the same in the Current Book, the Witness saw him subscribe the same in the Doubtful Book.

Upon the Second-mentioned Petition;

It appeared to your Committee, That at the Time the Act pafi'cd for reducing the Interest of Annuities, there were (landing in the Books of the South Sea Company, in the Name of Hugh Holmes of Antigua, Esquire, 4,300l. Old South Sea Annuities; and in the Name of Mr. John Sanderjon of Antigua, the Sum of 500l. Old South Sea Annuities; and in the Name of Mr. John Armstrong, of Jamaica, Merchant, 225 /. Old South Sea Annuities.

Mr. Richard Boddicott, junior, informed your Committee, That the Petitioner Mr. Boddicott was Agent for the aforesaid Proprietors of Old South Sea Annuities, and was desirous of subscribing the several Sums above-mentioned, but that he was not sufficiently impowered so to do:

And he produced to your Committee several Letters, by which it appeared, that the said Mr. Boddicott, senior, sent over Permits, to the several Proprietors of the above-mentioned Old South Sea Annuities, for sufficient Power to subscribe the fame; but such Permits could not be returned Time enough for either Subscription; so that the aforesaid Proprietors of the said Old South Sea Annuities are precluded the Benefit thereof.

Upon the Petition of Hutton Perkins Esquire;

It appeared, That the Earl of Bradford is intitled to the Income of 12,2 \ol. 2 s. id. New South Sea Annuities, and of 13,443 A 14 s. 3d. Old South Sea Annuities, (landing in the Books of the South Sea Company in the Names of Samuel Edwards deceased, and of Hugh Brigges, now Sir Hugh Brigges; and that, after the Death of the said Earl, the said Henrietta Towufhend claims robe intitled to the aforesaid Sums:

That on the 15th of May 1750, Permits were sent down to the said Sir Hugh Brigges to his House at Hough-ton, in the County of Salop, to be by him signed, in order to subscribe the said Sums; but the said Sir Hugh Brigges being then from Home, and also for some time after, the said Permits did not come in Time to have the said Sums subscribed, by which means the said Committees of the Person and Estate of the said Earl, and also the said Henrietta Townshend, are hindered from taking the Benefit of the said Second Subscription:

And it appeared by the Information of a Member present. That one of the Parties who claims to be intitled act aforesaid, has expressed great Concern that the said Sums could not be subscribed in time.

Upon the Petition of John Joly;

Your Committee find, by the Evidence of Captain Barker, That the Petitioner had, (landing in his own Name, One thousand Pounds Old South Sea Annuities, Two thousand Pounds New South Sea Annuities, One thousand Pounds Bank Annuities 1747, One thousand Pounds Lottery Annuities 1747:

That the Petitioner went abroad in October 1749, and did not come home till August following:

That the Witness, who had received the Dividends for the Petitioner, offered to subscribe the said several Sums, Vol. 26.

pursuant to the Directions of the A&; of Parliament; but was told, both at the Bank and South Sea House, That they had no Power to subscribe; but admitted him to subscribe the said several Sums in the Doubtful Book.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whonri the Bill foi* raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills; to be charged on the Sinking Fund, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an lnfiruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the Relief respectively prayed for by the said Petitions.

Ordered, tW the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said 6ili, for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills; to be charged cn the Sinking Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which upon Tuesday the 19th Day of February lask were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by die House; might be read.

And the said Resolutions were* as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and ate as followeth; viz.

€t Resolved, That such Part of the respective Stocks " of Old and New South Sea Annuities, as have riot beert " subscribed in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the last " Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities carrying an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds cc per Centum per Annum, be redeemed and paid off."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding 2,325,023 L " 7 s. 11 d, be granted to his Majesty, towards Enabling " his Majesty to redeem and pay off the Ijke Sum of the " respective Stocks of Old and New South Sea Annuities;

" as have not been subscribed, in pursuance of Two Acts,'

<c passed in the last Session of Parliament, for reducing €t the several Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds " per Centum per Annum P

Ordered, That it be an lnfiruction to the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause ot Clauses pursuant to the said Refelucions.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee:

Mr. Speaker left the.Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tb report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovV Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Committee into the Laws relating to Trade and Manufactures; and on Laws ne-that they do report their Opinion, from time to time, to xradc.S the House, as to the Repeal or Amendment of the fame.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir William Tange,

Mr. Solliciror General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Lord Limerick, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wm. Pitt, Mr. Fazaker-ley, Mr. Ellis, Lord Egmont, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Scrope,

Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Bayri-tun. Lord Barrington, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hill, Mr*

Prowse, Lord Downe, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Cor del Firl-brace, Mr. Walpole, Lord Strange, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hardirge, Mr. Plumptre, Mi*;

Wilkinson, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomai Robinson, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Potter, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Alderman Jansen, Mr Grenville, Mr. Campbell of Colder,

Mr. Palmer, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Boone,

Mr. Richards, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bold,

13 Colonel

12# 14° — 15° Mar til. 1750.

Colonel Leighon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Turnery Sir NathanaelCurzon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Hill, Lord G«?'. Sackville, Lord Hiljborough, Mr. IVtlles, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Cox, Mr: Wilson, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Yownjhendy Mr Finch', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the Hfoufe: And they have Power tb fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices*

Preston, The Lord Strange presented to the House, according

Road. to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and

eft mor eland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Re/otoed) That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Rill, Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Corn-

Land Tax jtnttee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, was committed, the Amendments Which the Committee had made to the Bill* artd which they had directed him to report to the House; £nd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fell, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

importation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

efCambncks. resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; - -

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee*

Ordered, That Mr. Philip Devifme do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Abraham Lttard do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Ewer do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Vigtie do theft attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Devifme do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Sweat do then attend the said Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. Elijha Farmer do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Felix Clay do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Waldo do then attestd the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Sweet land do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. James Male do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Jofefth Machm do then attend the Laid Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Sankey do then attestd the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Paterson do then attend the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Excessive Ufc The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of Spirits, whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of

London, in Common Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell took- the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and chat he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 150 dieMartii;

Anno 24? Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

MR. Gybbon reported from the Committee, to whom Huife*« the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An EiUte*. Act for impowering the Trustees named in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Edward Hulfe Esquire, with Hamah his Wife, to lay out Parc of the Trust Monies, therein mentioned, in the Purchase of Reversionary Estates, as well as Lands in Possession, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, with Power to make Leases thereof, according to the Custom of the Country, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee $ and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addresses of Wednesday last (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Orders of Council therein mentioned might belaid before, this House), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of the 30th Day of May *749>

A State of the New Jet fey Currency.

A State of Rhode Island Currency.

A State of North Carolina Currency.

A State of South Carolina Currency.

A State of Pensilvania Currency.

A State of the Currency of the Counties of Newcastle,

Kent, and Sussex.

A State of New Hampshire Currency.

A State of Massachusets Bay Currency.

A State of New York Currency.

Together with a list of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe. from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Male anc House, pursuant to their Orders, Spirits.

An Account of thegrofeand net Produce of the Duties on Malt and Hops in North Britain, from Christmas 1746, to Christmas 1750: And also,

An Account of all Sums paid as Drawbacks, on Exportation of Spirituous Liquors in Scotland, from Christmas 1746, to Christmas 1750*. And also,

Act

24 Geo. II.

15 0 Ma

ii§

Kibble

Bridge.

An Account of the Produce of Duties anting from Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors in Scotland, from Christmas 1746,10 Christmas 1750: And also,

An Account of all Sums arisen from the Duties on Brandy, and other Spirituous Liquors, imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1746, to Christmas 1750: And also,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the several Duties on Spirituous Liquors, extracted in Scotland, from Christmas 1746, to Christmas 1750.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and . Commons of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the Hundred of Salford, within the County Palatine of Lan-cajicr, in behalf of themselves, and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the said Hundred of Salford: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, wl>ofe Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the Market-Town and Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behajf of themselves and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the said Parish:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally taking Notice, That a Bill is now depending in the House, for erecting a publick County Bridge over the River Ribbley between the Townships of Prejlcn and Penwortham, in the said County Palatine; and setting forth, That the Charges of building and finishing the said proposed Bridge, with necessary Ramparts or Wings, will amount to a very large Sum of Money, which the Petitioners are informed is intended to be levied and raised by a Tax to be laid upon all the Lands in the said County Palatine; and that the Place where the said Bridge is proposed to be fixed and set does not lie in the Post Road from London, leading to the North Part of the County of Lancaster, and from thence to the several Counties of Westmorclotid, and Cumberland, or in any other Post Road; and that there is an ancient Stone Bridge, of Five Arches, over the said River, within a Mile, or thereabouts, of the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built, which has been always repaired at the Expence of the said County, and which is now in good Repair, and (lands in the great Post Road leading to the North Part of England and Scotland, and within less than a Mile of the Borough of Prefon; which Road takes in the South-East, and a great Part of the West Side of the said County Paiatine of Lancaster; and that, adjoining to the South End of the said Bridge, there is a Road called Walton Ccpp, of Half a Mile in Length, which has also been always repaired by the said County, at a very great Expence, and is now incomplete Repair; and that there is a Ford at Penwortham, near the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built, which is always passable, except in Tides and Land-Floods; and there is a good Ferry for Horse and Foot, within a very little Distance of the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built; and alleging that the said intended Bridge will be of very little, if of any, Use to the North, North-East, Sourh, or Middle Part, of the said County Palatine (except the Borough of Vreston, and a small Part of the Country adjacent thereto) and that all Passengers and Carriages, to or from Liverpool to Preston, may avoid the Ford or Ferry ^Penwortham,at all unfealon-VoL. 26f

able Times, and have the Benefittff a Turnpike-Road, by going over Ribble Bridget which is very littte more than Two Miles about; and1 that the Petitioners conceive such intended Bridge, if erected, will not be of so general Use and Service, as to intitle the Gentlemen Promoters of the Bill, or to give them any reasonable Pretence to call upon the County to make good the Expences of building and maintaining the fame, with proper Ramparts and Work: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel,against such Part of the said Bill as may tend to affect or charge >the Petitioners, or their respective Estates, with any Sum or Sums of Money to be raised or levied for building the said intended Bridge, or for maintaining or keeping the fame, and the Ramparts, or ocher Works, belonging to it, in Repair.

A Petition of the Gentlemen,-Land-Owners, and Ribble Farmers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be- Bridge. half of themselves, and many others, of the Hundreds of Leyland and Amounderness, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a large County Bridge over the River Ribble, at np greater Distance chan One Mile, or thereabouts, from the Place where the said new Bridge is proposed to be built; and that there are several Fords passable, except in same of high Tides and Floods, and at such Times a good Ferry for Horse and Foot, near where the said Bridge is intended to be; and alleging, That therefore the Petitioners presume there is no Necessity for such Bridge; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Bridge can only be a convenience to a small Parc of the said County; and that it is a very oppressive Attempt to.lay any Part of the Charges thereof upon the respective Estates and Properties of the Petitioners, who can receive no Benefit or Convenience from it; and representing, that no In fiance can be shewn, where there are Two County Bridges so near each other: and therefore praying the House to take the Premiles into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counfd, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ribble, be- Dhto. tween the* Townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish-House in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. War burton, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Hume, Mr Powney, Mr. Fazakcrley, Mr. Thornbagb,

Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Tracy, Sir John Rufbout, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr, White, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hay, Mr. Clevland,

Mr Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Jenyns, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Prowje, Mr. John Torke, Mr.

Wilson, Mr. Willes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Curzon,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bond, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. llardinge, Mr. Pinn<y, S\r Lynch Cotton, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Mydde ton, Lord Limerick, Mr. Willey, Lord Parker,

Mr. Fellowes'i and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Durham, WeJimore~ land, Cumberland, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the C iock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, ifliirigton a Bill, to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Church. Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Wilkinjon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill, for confirming Articles of Agreement, for in-

L1 clofin?

Hutton In-

cbsure.

L

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills, &c.

Thames and Isis Navigation.

1

Peers’

Estates.

St. Alban’s Road.

Ribble

Bridge.

130 150 Martii.1750.

dosing the Common failures, and Common Grounds, Bridge will not be of publick Service.to the greatest Part within the Manor of Autton Bushell, in the County of York: of the said County; and therefore not of so great Ne-And the same was received and read the First time. ceflity and Importance, as the Petitioners for building Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. such Bridge may allege; by reason, that there is a publick County Bridge overThe said River Ribble, in the Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- great Road of the said County, about a Mile Distant mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising from the said new intended Bridge; and that the said a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by Corporation of Lancaster has, at all Times heretofore.

Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, kept up and repaired the respective Road Bridges within was committed, the Amendments which the Committee the Limits thereof, at its own proper Costs and Expence; had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him and has, from time to time, expended large Sums in re-to report to the House; and he read the Report in his pairing‘fucK Bridges, and the Ramparts and Abutments Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- to pfnerve the fame; and has, from Time immemorial, ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments been exempt and free from the Payment of any Sum or were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one Sums of Money, Tax, or Imposition, whatsoever, toby one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wards the Building or Repairing of any of the publick were agreed to by the House. County or Hundred Bridges, within the said County

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Palatine; and that the bringing a Charge upon the Pc-grossed. titioners, for the Purposes of erecting and finishing the said new intended Bridge, will be an Infringement of the An ingrossed Bill, for the better carrying on and re- ancient Rights and Privileges of the said Corporation of gulating the Navigation of the Rivers of Thames and Jfis, Lancaster, and an absolute Innovation upon their ancient from the City of London, Westward, to the Town of Immunities: And therefore praying the House, That the Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third said Bill may not pass into a Law, so far as the same retime. lates to the Charging or Affcfting of the Petitioners, to-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title wards the Erecting or Repairing of the said new-intended be, An Act for the better Carrying on and Regulating Bridge.

the Navigation of the Rivers 'Thames and IJis, from the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

City of London, Westward, to the Town of Cricklade, sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is in the County of Wilts. committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Powney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. A Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Farthing-

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Wade ftonelnclo-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eldy and Mr. Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Farthingftone, in *"re-Burroughs: the County of Northampton was read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker, Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clevlandy

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. the Sale of a Capital Messuage at Bromley, and divers Elliot, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties Anfch, Sir John Cust, Lord Bury, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Win* of Middlesex and Essex, late the Efface of Sir Charles Peers ningtony Mr. Tbwnfhend, Mr. Colleton Lord Parker, Sir Knight, deceased, some time since one of the Aldermen Thomas Hales, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Gore, of the City of London, and for purchasitng another Estate, Mr. Mostyn Lord Dupplin Mr. Oswald, Mr. Humey to be fetded to the Uses of his Will: To which the Lords Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lambe, Colonel Walgrave, Mr. Chet-desire the Concurrence of this House. wynd, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Robinson, Mr Hunter, Mr. Phil-

And then the Messengers withdrew. lipfon Mr. Selwyn Mr- Prowse, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fair-

fax, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fe Howes, Sir Nathanael Curzon Mr. West reported from the Committee, to whom the Lord Downe, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Townshend,

Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hay, Mr. Willes,

Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways through Mr. Wilson, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Albany Saint Martin Mr. Pinney, Lord Gage, Mr. Greatheed, Lord Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of LuxboYo\ Mr. Lockyer, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Selwyn,

Hertford and Middlesex, was committed; That the Com- Lord HillJboro\ Mr. Fane, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hor. Walpole, mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Lord Coke, Mr. Bap. Lev. Gower, Sir John Barrington, the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Mr. Vernon, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Herbert; and all the through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- Members who serve for the County of Northampton: And unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- in the Speaker’s Chamber.

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider w#stminster Table: Where the Amendments were once read through- of, and Report to the House, proper Methods for the sweets, out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon better Paving, Enlightening, Watching, and Cleansing, of the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the House. Precinct of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lan~

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- caster, adjoining thereto, grofled. And a Committee was appointed of Lord Trentham,

Colonel Conway, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Geo. Sackvil/e,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff’s, and Commonalty, of Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Dupplin, the Corporation of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Gehcral Oglethorpe, Mr. Dodington, Lord Gage, Mr. Cooke,

Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Colleton, Sir Writ. Beauchamp forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that by the Bill Proctor, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. E lis, Mr. Fazakerley, now depending in the House, for erecting a publick Lord Barrington, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Harvey, Sir Geo. Ox-County Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Town- enden% Mr. Gore, Mr Lev. Gower, Mr. Offley, Sir Ed-ships of Preston and Penwortham, in the said County Pa- mund Thomas, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. latine, the Charges thereof arc intended to be provided Finch, Mr. Martin, Lord Coke, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. for by a Tax, to be laid on all the Lands and Estates Berkeley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Northey, within the said County in general, without excepting the Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Prowse, Lord Strange, Mr. Pitt, Corporation Towns in the said County; and alleging, Lord Limerick, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Powney, Mr. Lyster,

That the Petitioners conceive, that the building such Mr Pinney, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Salusbury, Lord Deer-

l burfty

24 Geo. If.

15 ° Martii.

Pipers re-

spefting

American

Colonial

Trade.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

hurst, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Turner, Mr. 'Thomas Gore, Lord Egmont, Mr. Hon. French, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hor, Walpole, Mr. Brookjbank,

Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Sir Wm. Codring-ton, Mr, Sydenham, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Chester, Sir John Barringtonj and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, ar Copy of the humble Address, and Representation, of the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of his Majesty's Island of Jamaica, to his Majesty, passed the 16th of November 1749,'relating to the Trade carried on by the British Northern Colonies, to the foreign Sugar Settlements; with the Papers annexed thereto, which were transmitted to the Duke of Bedford, to be laid before his Majesty.:

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will ho graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this Hpufe, a Copy of the Memorial of the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, of his Majesty’s Island of Antigua, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade carried on by the British Northern Colonies to the French Sugar Settlements, lately transoiitted to the said Commissioners.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gtaciously pleased to give Direction that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Memorial of the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, of his Majesty’s Island of Saint Christopher's, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade carried on by the British Northern Colonies with the foreign Sugar Colonies.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of all the Proceedings had, and of the State of the viva voce Evidence taken, before the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations in the Year 1750, relating to the Trade carried on by the British Northern Colonies with the foreign Sugar Colonies.

Ordered, That the said Addrefies be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

ported from Great Britain, ta any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies, from Christmas 1739 to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year and Colony.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey be added to the Committee, Linen Mann, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of striped faaurc* and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Man-chefier, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in-behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers therein, within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent j and also the several other Petitions, relating to the British Manufactures of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linens made in Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufacture, are referred.

Ditto. Orderedffhsx theproperOfficerorOfficersdolay before this House,an Account of the Amount of the Duties paid in the Northern Colonies, upon the Importation of Rum, Spi-t rics, Melasses, Syrups, Sugar, and Paneles, of the Growth and Produce of any foreign Settlements, from the Year 1733, to Christmas 1750, in pursuance of the Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America) distinguishing each Year and Colony; and how much on Merchandize, and how much on Prizes.

Ditto. Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Rums imported into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, from Christmas 17 48, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing eatfh Year and Colony.

Ditto. Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Commodities exported from Great Britain, to any of his Majesty’s British Sugar Colonies in America, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year and Colony.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of ail Commodities ex-Yol. a6.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to revise and Laws respect-Consider of the general Laws in being, which relate to the ing High-Amending, and Keeping in Repair, of the Highways of ways' that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon, to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws: [

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Tracy, Mr.

Potter, Mr. Hume, Mr. Nugent, Mr Gore, Lord Strange,

Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Hardinge, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Ellis, M:r. Sandys, Mr.

Offley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Wil-kinfon. Lord Gage, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Cor del Firebracef Mr. Harvey, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr, Bayntun, Mr. Mel-lift7, Mr. lodrell, Mr. Martin, Mr. Chester, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Turner, Colonel Conway, Mr. Pitt, Lord Parker, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Wilson, Sir James Dash-wood, Mr. Palmer, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lev.

Gower, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr: Clay tort,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Lane, Mr. Beichier, Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lascelles; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternnon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do ky before this House Lifts of the Widows intitled to the Wages and Victualling of the Widows Man, by their Names and Ranks of their Husbands; together with what Money has been paid to each Widow, from the 30th of August 1740, to the 30th of August 17 50, distinguishing eachYear; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been annually, or otherwise, reserved; with the Application thereof-

Naval Officers* Widow*.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House distinct Lifts of all the Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers, intitled to the Produce of Three Pence in the Pound, deducted out of the Whole and Half - Pay of all the Officers of the Royal N avy, by their Names and Ranks of, their Husbands; together with an Account of what has been paid to each Widow, from the 30th of August 1740, to the 30th of August 1750, dinftin-guishing each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been annually, or otherwise, reserved; with the Application thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be- Naval Halffore this House Lifts of all the Commission and Warrant Dcduc* Officers of the Royal Navy, from whose Whole and Half-Pay the Sum of Three Pence in the Pound hath been deducted; together with an Account of the Pay and Half-Pay of such Officers, from the 30th of August 1740, to the 30th of August 1750, distinguishing each Year.

tions.

132 I5° — -i8° Martii. 1750.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Foreign The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of

Froteftancs the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Nat# whom the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants was

committed:

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill (except the Two last of the said Amendments) being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment but one, being the Amendment in Folio 5, Line 13 (whereby it was proposed to fill the Blank there left in the Bill, with the Words " One Year") being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for,he T«, j *£ } S6.

Teller for^Noe 1"’

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House, in order to introduce several other Amendments, made afterwards by the House to the Bill.

The last Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for extending the Benefit of this Act to Persons of the Jewish Religion:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing, That no Naturalization, to be obtained by Virtue of this Act, shall take away, or affect, the Right which the Crown, or any ocher Person, may claim to any Real or Personal Estate, under any Devise, Will, or other Conveyance, made before such Naturalization.

And the said Clause was twice read.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon the said Clause;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjoured till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

Tellmforth.Yc.,p^"f~". I

77-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolTed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time, upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 18° die Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750.

another Estate, to be settled to the Ules of his Will, was read the First time. -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

Ad ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hulfe* impowering the Trustees, named in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Edward Huife Esquire, with Hannah his Wife, to iay out Part of the Trust-Monies, therein mentioned, in the Purchaseof Reversionary Estates, as Well as Lands in Possession, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement; with Power to make Leases thereof, according to the Custom of the Country; was read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That \Aiv' Gyibon do carry the Bill to the Lords.; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Supply Bill; therein to be mentioned^ by Exchequer Bills, to be charged ?Mfne?ucr on the Sinking Fund, was read the Third time. s,&c#

> Resolved, That durBiil do pass: And that the Title be;

An Act for enabling.’Jirs Majesty to rMfe the several Surm of, Money therein mentioned; by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking-fund; and for impowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to pay off the Old and New unfiibscribed South Sea Annuiti^out of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one; and for enabling the Bank of England to hold General Courts, and Courts of Directors, in the manner therein directed; and for giving Certain Persons Liberty to subscribe Bank and South Sea Annuities, omitted to be subscribed, pursuant to Two Acts of the lafir Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Westdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An jpgrossed Bill, for :repairing the Road leading from Lavington, West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to &c. Road. Seend, ifi* the County of Wilts, was read the Third time. -Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,'

An Act for repairing the Road leading from West Laving-ton to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Supply Bill; a Land Tax,_ta be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Land Tax. of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifcy-one, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz*.

Pr. 32. L. 18. After " Mathew ft to insertiC Sir John c< Philipps Baronet." - 1

L..22. After €C-Tonfonft to insert c< John Pincent, of Stoke, juxta Guilford ft

L; penult. To leave outc< Richard ft and insert

of William ft and, in the same Line, to leave out<c the <c Younger."

L. last, To fill the Blank with u Georgeft And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lord$, and desire their Concurrence. '

Prayers.

Peers* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for the Sale of a capital Messuage, at Bromlqftznd

divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, lace the Estate of Sir Charles Peers Knight, deceased, some time firite'One of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for purchasing

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Ad- Anfiver to dresses of Friday last (that his Majesty would be graciously Addrefc. pleased to give Directions, that the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr.



24 Geo. It. 18° M 133

Papers re- Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to Ueut-Col. ^rir Address to ^xs Majesty,

Pinfold. Copy of the Order in Council, made 12 June 1739, for revtrfing the Decree of Lieutenant-Colonel Pinfold, and his Assessors, against Don Antonio Ruby: And also. Copy of the Order in Council, dated 12 June 1739, approving the Committee’s Report, on the Complaint of John Font, and others, against Lieutenant-Colonel Pin*

V fold, from Minorca.

And the Titles of the Laid Papers were read.

W'tT Sir William Stanhope presented to the House, according c‘ 04 to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers gr&nted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Wendover, to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called the Oxford R.oad, lying between the Town of Beconsfield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Beconsfield, to Uxbridge aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lincoln ' Mr. Monson presented to the House, according to Or-Small Debts, a gjj| for the speedy and easy Recovery of

small Debts, within the City of Lincoln, and County of the fame, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and within the Close and Bail of Lincoln, within the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

It. Alban’s An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers toad. granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the \ Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael,

Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims,

, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

Ordered, *Ibat Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wilton’s A Bill to enable John Fenwick, lately called John Wilson, X*' and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fenwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Rey- Holds, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Prowse,

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hill, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Allgood, Mr. <Townshend, Mr. Hay, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. West, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Proby, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Nugent, Lord Strange, JVlr. Newnham, Mr. Robinfpn, Mr. Bond, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Howard, Mr. Kent, Mr. Willes, Mr. Martin, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir James Dafhwood, Mr. Geo. sown-field, Lord Cobham, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Garth, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gore, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Rowney, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Foreign Pro- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Afilstants, of testants Na- the City of Rochester, in Common-Council assembled, was uialijauon. presentcc| to tjjC House, and read; alleging, That the I VOL. 26.

Petitioners apprehend, and verily believe, the Bill depending in the Houie- for naturalizing foreign Protestants, in case the same should pass into a Law, will be attended with many bad Consequences and Inconveniences 5 and be a grear Discouragement, not only to the natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, but likewise.a Detriment to the Trade and Wealth thereof; particularly, as the Petitioners have great Reason to think, that it will only induce the poorest and most indigent foreign Protestants, and their Families, to come and settle amongst us, in order to their being better provided for, and maintained, by the several Parishes in which they may reside: which will be a further Increase of the Poor of such respective Parishes, already so much over-burthened, that they are even now with great Difficulty, provided for; and that daily Experience convinces us, that the industrious Foreigners never fail of receiving proper Encouragement, from the constant Employ they meet with amongst us; and that if any Persons of Fortune, or any tolerable Ability, should be desirous of partaking of those inestimable Privileges, so peculiarly the BlefTing of the natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, they may, upon their Application to Parliament, be intitled to the same; and that many Foreigners (probably some of them Roman Catholics) who will perhaps never so much as think of refining amongst us, may; notwithstanding, fend over their Servants, or Agents; in order to receive the Benefit of such a Law; that they may make use of his or their Names, in carrying on their Trade} and submirting to the judgment of the House* how far it may prejudice, if not totally frustrate, the Intent of having our Navigation carried on byTHree-fourths of the Mariners being English (which, if this Bill should pass into a Law, may be wjiolly performed by Foreigners, who may never reside Here longer than to obtain their, being naturalized); and expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, that so great an indulgence to Foreigners; although Protestants, as they differ very much from the,

Religion of our Country, and have not a true Sense of those great and valuable Privileges this Nation enjoys, under our present happy Establishsnent in Church and State, may be so far from strengthening and improving that Zeal and Affection, every Britiftj Subject has and ought, at all times, to shew For his native Country, that it will rather greatly rend to the weakening, if not invading, of our Civil and Religious Rights: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, dnd Assistants, ExceffiveUfe of the City of Rochester, in Common-Council'assembled, of Spirits, was presented to the House, and read'; complaining of the exceftive Use of Spirituous Liquors: And piaying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and apply such Remedy as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London^ in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors, is referred.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be* Account of fore this House, an Account of all Seizures, and how the Seizures-fame have been applied, from Christmas 1745, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer ot Officers do lay Account of before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels Boats fcize(*-and Boats that have been seized by the Officers of the Customs, and condemned, for importing Brandy, Arrack,

Rum, and other foreign Spirituous Liquors, and which have been burnt, or employed in the Service, front) Christmas I74j> to Christmas 17 50, distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed, by a Member, that he Complaint had been acquainted that Lieutenant-General Anstruther againstGene-r continues so much indisposed, as to be (till unable to M m attend

vV

134

18° Martii.

A

i75«>-

taer.

Complaint attend the Service of the House; and that Major MoricneJ againflGene- attended at the Dobr, with some Papers, from the said rai AJiftrtt- £eneraj fastruther^ to be laid before the House;

The said Major Mon&iif was called in; and, &t the Bar, acquainted the House, That hfe was dirctted by Lieutenant-General Anstruther to inform the House, that he, the said Gerieral Anstruther, is ftiil very touch indisposed; and being the refore not able at present to attend in his Place* had delivered some Papers to him the said Major Mon- grief, to be by him presented to the House.

And he accordingly presented to the House the said Papers:

And, being examined concerning the State of the said General Anstruther*s Health;

He gave an Account thereof to the House.

And then he withdrew.

He was again called in:

And being examined, What was the Purport of the said Papers by him presented to the House;

He acquainted the House that they were.

The original Proceedings of the Court Martial, held at Mahon upon the 24th Day of June 1742, for the Trial of Lieutenant Henry Erskine \ which the said General An-struther was ordered by this House to lay before the House: And also,

The Answer of Lieutenant-General Anstruther to the Complaint of Sir Henry Erskine Baronet.

And then he again withdrew.

And the said Answer was read; and is as followeth; toiz.

Answer of Lieutenant-General Anstruther y to the Complaint exhibited against him in the HonourableHouse of Commons by Sir Henry Erskine Baronet. Lieutenant-General Anstrutlftr returns his most humble Thanks to the House, for the Copy sent him of die Complaint exhibited against him by Sir Henry Erskine*

To an Accusation, alleging nothing, and insinuating every thing that was villainous, it was difficult to answer; but the Honourable House has obliged his Accufcr to reduce his Charge into Writing* and to that Lieutenant-General Anstruther most readily, and conformably to the strictest Truth, answers as follows:

Lieutenant-General Anstruther allows. That in the Year 1742 he was Lieutenant-Governor, and Commander in Chfef in the I (land of Minorca:

That Sir Henry Erskine was then a Lieutenant there, in Colonel OjfareWs Regiment:

That in the Month of May or June he was put in Arrest; and, in consequence thereof, remained not in any Fort or Cattle, as is insinuated in the Charge, but in an Officer's Quarter in the Town of St. Phillip's; where any Body might have, and had, Accefe to hito:

That he continued there some time before the Charge was delivered to him; that he was called upon by the Court of Royal Government, and there required to give his Evidence, upon Oath, in a Cause there depending, according to the Laws and Customs of that Island* but Lieutenant-General Anstruther denies, that it was alleged against Sir Henry Erskine as a Crime, that he refused to answer Questions that might relate to himself: And fays. He then told Sir Henry Erskine, that if any Question should be put, which he thought might affect himself, he was not to be deftred to answer it; which Sir Henry Er-yfoV/^acknowledgts in the Proceedings of the Court Martial; but does say, that it was alleged against Sir Henry Erskine as a Crime, that he refused absolutely to answer, as he ought to do* according to the Laws and Customs of that Island.

Lieutenant-General Anstruther begs Leave to observe. That the Court Martial did not fit till the 24th of June 1742, which was Six whole Days after Sir Henry Erskine had his Charge delivered to him and that the Delay, between the putting Sir Henry Erskine into Arrest and bringing on his Trial, was not with aoy Intention to distress him, but arose, amongst other Reasons, from the Time taken to persuade a Person of the Rank and Character of Lieutenant-General JJ^ndafyd to be President of the Court

Martial; who, however,being an elder Officer than Lieutenant-General Anstruther, could not be persuaded thereto; and the Crime being of a very dark and intricate Nature, it required some time to collect Evidences, though the General had good Reason to believe the Fadts were true; and say?, that had Sir Henry Erjkirit, when called lipon by the Court of Royal Government as an Evidence, candidlV declared what he knew of the Transactions in the General's Absence to His Prejudice, that he would not have ihfifted upon bringing him to a Court Martial.

Lieutenant-Genei-al Anstruther denies, that the Court Martial appointed to try Sir HenrJ Erskine was cdnstituted in any uhusual Manner.

He fays. It is true, thafc Two of the Evidences offered by him to the Court, were under a Sentence of the Court of Royal Government; but, in regard to their being re* fused to be set at liberty, as required by the Court Martial, and the Reason alleged to be given for such Refusal, namely, <c That they were notorious Rogues ,*' it is so fat from being true, that, in fact, the Court Martial never made any such Request, as by their Proceedings will appear; and he begs Leave here, in general, to observe once for all, that he is only One of Three Members who compose the Court of Royal Government; and that the Or- ders and Sentences there given are not his, but the Orders and Sentences of the Court; and fays, if the Witnesses above-mentioned were under any Reftrainc, it was by Order of the Court, and not by his Order.

With Regard to his fending a Message to one of these Witnesses, or to any other Person, inducing them to give false Evidence, he utterly denies it: To procure false Evidence is a Crime of* so heinous a Nature; as he trusts this Honourable House shall never find the least Reason to suppose him guilty of; it is the very Crime Sir Henrf Erskine was accused of, and which was positively sworn against him by James Xemenes, as will appear in the Proceedings of the Court Martial.

The General owns, That before the Prisoner had begun his Defence, he desired the Judge Advocate to bring him' a Copy of the Proceedings, that he might fee what had been said by the Evidence against the Prisoner; which he thought was the more requisite as he was the Prosecutor, and, con6deringhis Station, could not attend the Court.

He likewise owns, That he desired a Copy of the Proceedings from the Court Martial; which he ftiil beg» Leave to think was a reasonable Request: But fays. That he never threatened to dissolve the Court, and call a new one but he did adjourn the said Court; which he did consider to be neither arbitrary nor illegal, because frequently practised in military Business, and at that time extremely necessary for the following Reason, which he begs Leave to lay before the House:

One Mr. Murray, who had been employed by Sic Henry Erskine to write in his Office when Secretary to Brigadier Paget, and whom the General relied upon as. One of his principal Evidences, was secreted, that disappeared, or was sent privately out of the Istand, a. few Days before this Trial was to come on, without General Anstruther's Knowledge, but not without the Knowledge and Privity of Sir Henry Erskine, though then in Arrest, as he himself owned, and as will appear in the Proceedings of the Court Martial.

Upon Inquiry, Mr. Rancon, One of General Anstru-ther's Secretaries, acknowledged, That he had given One of General /Instruther's Paffporcs to this Mr. Murray* without the General's Knowledge; for which Action the General instantly dilmifted him from his Service, and never afterwards employed him; and the General fays, the First Notice he had of this Transed&orv came from. Sir Henry Erskine.

The General fays, He had some Intelligence of rhls, Mr. Murray, and was in Hopes of being able, during this Adjournment, to produce him; but, having used all- his Endeavours for that Purpose, was disappointed and he fays, he believes it is very unusual, if ever pradlifcd, to liberate a Prisoner during the Adjournment of a Court Martial,

The

24 G£o. II. 18 — 190 Martii. 135

The General fays. He did continue Sir Henry Erskine tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

K in Arrest some Days after the Sentence j and he conceives the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve-

that this Honourable House, when they shall have read ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him I and considered the Proceedings, will not wonder that he to report to the House: And he read the Report in his

I did not think the Sentence such as it, ought to have been; Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

! he therefore deliberated with himselfj First, Whether he ments, in at the CJerk’s Table.

: should order the Court Martial to revise their Sentence? And the House being informed, that some other Amend-

In the next Place, Whether, without approving of it, he ments are proper to be made to the Bill; should fend it into England? In which same he would Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed,

have had it in his Power to have kept Sir Henry Erfkpte Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Com-

in Arrest, till a Return should have come from England; mittec, to whom the said Bill was committed.

and which Method he certainly Would have taken, had he had any view of distressing Sir Henry Erskine, or confining him longer than was necessary for Justice.

He fays, That in a few Days, that is, as soon as he had determined neither to order the Sentence to be reviled, nor to fend it to England disapproved, he discharged the said Sir Henry Erskine from his Arrest, without, as he believes, signifying to him the Sentence; an Omission which could not be of the least Consequence to Sir Henry Erjkmt, and which he was induced to by the great Reluctance he had to set his hand to a Sentence, which he conceived, and does (till conceive, to be ill-founded; and he is the surer, that that Omission was of ho ill Consequence to Sir Henry Erskine, because neither he nor his Secretary can recollect, that any Copy of the said Sentence or Proceedings was ever applied for to them by Sir Henry Erskine, or any other Person on his behalf 5 nor does Sir Henry Erskine feerh to have been at a Loss for such Copy, since he gave One, as General Anjlruther apprehends, to Sir William Tange, then Secretary at War.

Lieutenant-General Anjlruther has now laid his Answer , to every Particular of this Charge before this Honourable

House, which he trusts he shall be able to make out to this Honourable House by himselfj or if the House shall think fit to permit him, by his Council.

Ph. Anftriither.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which have been 1 presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, re-

lating to the said General Anjlruther, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Seven-night.

Ordered, That the said General Anftrttther do then at-

tend this House in his Place.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Answer be delivered, by the Clfcrk of this House, to the said Sir Hetiry Er-I Jkint.

The Orders of the Day being read j Sapply. Rejoined, That this House will, upon Friday Mofning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

MveUfe RJolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-ofSpirits, ing next, resolve itself into at Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners for ex- African , amining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal Company; African Company of England, appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England\ and also the Petition of the Persons, whbfe Names are thereunto fUbscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Iona side Creditors of the said Company and also the Papers, which were presented to this House, upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, be referred to the Confidefation of a Committee: And that they do examine, ants state to the House, the Matters therein contained, with their Observations thereupon

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dowdeswell,

Lord Strange, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Warburton, Sir IVm.

Tonge, Mr. Lowndes, Doctor Lee, Mr; Charles Town-Jhend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fellow es, Sir John CuJl, Mr .'Gray, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. West, Mr. Hill, Sir Francis Drake, Mr, Hardinge, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Laroche,

General Onslow, Sir Hen. Erskine] Mr. Powney, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Boone, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Poore, Mr. Hume, Colonel Leighton,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Jodrell, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Lord Trent ham,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Martin, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Bold, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Willes, Mr. Richards, Mi*. Neale, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Garth, Mr. Chester, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr* Gildart, Lord Downe, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Finch j and all the Members who serve for the Cities of London and Brifi'ol, and the Town of Liverpool; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And havePower to fetid for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Commissioners who were appointed Ditto, to examine into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, do lay before this House, an Account of the Expences of executing the said Commission, and of the Allowances they think reasonable to be made to the Officers and Servants employed by them.

Mdrtisy 190 die Martii;

Anno -24.* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750. Prayers.

CmkleyHill, TV T R. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to ic. Ko*d, whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the

Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucefldr, to Ftog Mill, and through the 1 owns of Burford and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford and also the lload from Witney, through Enjbum, Cumner, Wightam, and Botley, to the City of Oxford, was committed -, That the Committee had examined the Allega* V6l. 26.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Preston, to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring *c% Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and West-tnoreland\ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Reynolds,

Sir "John CuJl, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hill, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Willes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bayntun, Mr, Sydenham, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Lascelles, Mr, Earle,

Lord Strange, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Amy and, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Craven,

Lord Barrington, Mr. John Torke, Sir Cordel Firebrace,

Mr. Rowneyi and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Northumberland,

13 Westmore*


Tfythe of Hops.

Hutton In. closure.

176 i cf Martii./ 1750.

Westmoreland, Cumberland, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Hop Planters in the County of Essex, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Hop Planters are at very large Expence in the Planting and Stocking their Hop Grounds with Poles, and Management of tjiem, before any thing can arise, amounting at lea-ft to Forty bounds an Acre, which remains a dead Stock; many of which Grounds will hold but few Years, and other fresh Grounds are to be raised in their (lead at the like Expence; and that, after the said Grounds are got into such Order, there is a very great annual Expence in keeping up the Stock, and cultivating the said Grounds,before the Crop is grown; and after grown, in picking, drying, and inning the fame, besides a Duty of One Penny per Pound; in Confederation of which Expences, the Proprietors of the Tythes did at first, and for many Years, accept of a moderate Composition, in lieu of those Tythes > but that of late Years, they have in general, from time to time, largely raised those Compositions, and many of them actually taken the Hops in Kind, and in divers Places (though in itself the hardest Tythe that ever was paid) have, contrary to all other Tythes (which are to be taken . as soon as fevered) obliged the Planters to pick the Tythe Hops, the fexpence of which alone is often more than the Value of the Rent of the Land; and that it has occasioned many expensive Law Suits, some now depending, and many more likely to be commenced; and that the Petitioners have great Cause to apprehend, that the Method of taking Tythe of Hops in Kind (oppressive as it is) will become general, unless the House will take into Consideration the Hardship of their same; and representing to the House, That the taking of the Tythe of Hops in Kind must necessarily occasion a great Diminution of their Plantations, by rendering many of the Planters unable to&ear the Expence, and by greatly aif-couraging the Industry of others; and that great Numbers of poor Families are at present wholly, or in a great mea-. sure, supported, by being employed in Hop Grounds, who otherwise, for want of Employment, must become burthen some to the Parishes; and that not only Wood-Lands in particular, will be of much less Value, but the Rents of other Lands lowered by so greatly increasing the Parish Rates; and the publick Revenue must be considerably diminished as to that Duty: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem most fit and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Hou'e, to whom the Petition of the Hop Planters, residing in and near the City of Canterbury, a&d other Places, in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves and others; and also the . several other Petitions relating to the Tythe of Hops; are referred.

A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Pastures and common Grounds, within the Manor of Hutton Bushell, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkin-Jon, Sir Richard Uoydy Mr. Hill\ Sir John Cufly Mr. Carmichaely Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Earley Mr. Tracy, Mr. Brooksbanky Mr. Lambey Mr. LaJcelles, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Colletony Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Alderman Bethelly Mr. Ridley, Mr. White, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Jenni-Jon, Sir Lionel Pilkington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Wefimorelayid, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, arid others. Inhabitants of Eafi Greenwich, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of che said Petition, Witnesses were called > vix Mr. Abraham Allen and Mr. Thomas Moore; who, being severally examined* said. That they are well acquainted with the Parish of East Greenwich; that there are large Buildings in and about the Town, as also a Royal Palace, and an Hospital for Seamen 5 and within a Quarter of a Mile of the feme, adjoining close to the River Thames, there is situated in an open low Place, a Storehouse or Magazine for Gunpowder, in which, there is frequently kept about 4*000 Barrels; which, if by *Accident of Lightening, or otherwise, it, should be set on Fire, the Houses and Buildings in and near the said Town would be destroyed.

And they further said, That Application had been made by the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the said Town, to the Board of Ordnance, requesting that the said Magazine might be removed; to which an Answer from that Board had been returned, dated the 14th Decern for 1750, in the following Words; viz. " That it was not " in their Power to remove the King's Magazine, or to " make a Purchase of Land, and erect another elsewhere."

Mr. Thomas Furnace, many Years Storekeeper of the said Magazine, being examined, said, That the same is fenced round with an open Palisade of about Eight Feet high, and a constant Guard of a Serjeant, Corporal, and Nine private Men, do Duty there Night and Day for the Safeguard thereof; that the Quantity of Powder at this Time kept therein is about 8,000 Barrels (which is the largest Quantity he ever knew); but that, on aMediurh, One Year with another for many Years past, not more than 3 or 4,000 Barrels of Powder is kept there; and all possible Care is taken when it is received into the fame, or delivered out.,

Mr.....Skinner, Engineer belonging to the Board

of Ordnance, being examined, feid. That the Magazine lying so low makes it the more dangerous; for if the same should be set on Fire by any Accident, it would overset the Houses and Buildings in and near Greenwich, and tear up the Banks of the River Thames adjoining thereto; but doth not apprehend it could have any Effect on the Houses and Buildings at Deptford or Woolwich: And he added. That the Magazine is in pretty good Repair at present; but, as it is situated, there is no Pofii-bility of making the same so safe as where the Foundation is firm, and where Arches may be turned for Security of the Powder, as all Magazines should be, to prevent Accidents by Lightening, or otherwise:

That, by Order of the Board of Ordnance, the Witness, with several other Persons, had been down the River Thames, in Search of a Place whereon to erect a Magazine, and the only One they found proper for that Purpose was at Purjleet; it lying so high, and being Two Miles from any Village, no Damage can happen, if che same should be blown up.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Estimate be laid before this House of the Expence of removing the Magazine of Gunpowder, now being within a few Paces of the Town of Greenwich, to some more convenient Place, and further Distance from the said Town, and Cities of London and Westminster.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

APe-

Removing ' Magazine Greenwich.



24 Geo. II.

J9

fflarlii.

J37

lalization.

Foreign Pro- A Petition of the Mayor, Alderman, SherifR Bailiffs, testantsNatu- Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; alleging* That the Petitioners apprehend the Bill now depending in the House for naturalizing foreign Protestants, if passed into a Law, will not be attended with the beneficial Conferences expected from it; the principal Arguments in Favour of it arising from the Hopes of having the Labour of the Poor cheaper from the Hands of Foreigners than of Natives; whereas the Petitioners conceive the Dearness of Labour in this Kingdom, to be owing chiefly to the high Prices of the Necessaries of Life, which are likely to diiable such Foreigners from underworking our own Inhabitants; and whether they do or not, the Increase of the Poor must necdl'arily increase the Taxes paid for their Relief, which are already very burthensome to those that contribute thereto, and must affect the landed interest; and that the Want of Employment may drive our own Manufacturers to follow those, already gone abroad to instruct our Rivals in Trade in the'Arts of making the staple Commodities of this Kingdom? and k*r a genera* Naturalization passed in the Sc-

oHhe Tenth'Yck1^ bu_c "as repcaled>

Act, and chatdivers Mischiefs and Inc'onv6atu'^n^_ori ^gen found by Experience to follow from the same, to the Dir-couragement of the natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, and to the Detriment of the Trade thereof: And (it not being probable that an Act of the like Kind should now produce any better EflfcCt) therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

the Year, it is with great Difficulty that Carriages pass thereon j and that from the great Number of Carriages frequenting the said Road, it is impossible, by the ordipary Methods for Repay of Highways, effectually ta^epair the fame: And the Witness said, That very tttely the said Road has been indicted Three times.

Mr. Hodgson conirmed the Evidence given by Mr.

JackJcn.

Ordered, That Leive be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the high Riad leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, :hrough Cockerton, to Swan House, thence up Broom Diks Lane, and through the East End of West Aukl’and, and ' om thence to St. Helen's Aukland, and from thence to Sreerfidd, in the said County of Durham, and through the West End of West Aukland, over the River Gamdlefs. to David Jack/on's House on Rayley Fell, in the fid County of Durham; and also the high Road leading from Pierce Bridge, in the County of Durham, to Legg's Cross, at the Head of Bilderjhaw, in the said County: And that Mr. Vane, Mr. Bowes, and Mr. Lambton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for granting certain Privileges^ puormrarrTcd Bin to pm. ??rfons, to promote Marriage, for the Increase of his Ma^- ®ote Mar* W ^-Subjects, was read a Second time. na^c*

th/B^beqcWas mac*c’an<^ c^e Ql,eftion Put* That The House"edi The Yeas went

Army;

Pox’s Name.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr, Aden:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ]>eie«ioa. Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George Lane, heretofore called George Fox, Esquire, and his issue Male, to take and use the Surname and*Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased; and for inrolling the said W ill, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Smith, now called Thomas PanuwelU and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname! and Arms of Panuwell, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for charging divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City of London and County of Hertford, Part of the Estate of William Earl Cowper, with raiftpg Money towards defraying the Expences of rebuilding the said Houses in London, burnt down and destroyed by Fire: To which the Isolds desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

37-

3S*

T. Smith’* Name.

Earl Cow* per’i Estate.

Darlington

Xoad.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the County of Durham, and of the North Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. David Jackson said, That he is well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition; that several farts thereof arc extremely bad, and that, at feme Times of Voi, at

Tellers for the Yeas. H^nefal Oglethorpe, i \a Thornton:

TellersTor the Noes.; A/rr* \fkf>

o r . Newnham:

So it was resolved in the Affirmat

Resolved, That the Bill be committei to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this-r)av gcvcn-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the who* Hovifc' upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of arid Akonbury for the County of Lincoln, and other Gentlemen, met at Mill, &c. the Assizes held at the Castle of Lincoln, in and for the Roa<Js* said County, the 13th of March 1750, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of a Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, for repairing the Roads between the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County; and of others, the Gentlemen of the said County of Huntingdon and the County of Northampton, adjoining or near to the said Road; and representing to the House, That the Scheme proposed by the said Trustees and others, for repairing the Road leading from the upper End of a Way, called the Clay-way, to a Gate called Barnwell Gate; and for repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Stilton to the great Bridge of Peterborough, seems to these Petitioners very unreasonable and unequitable, as the Money proposed to be raised for that Purpose will be almost entirely levied upon, and paid by. Travellers going to and from the North of England, who do not so much as come upon, or have any Benefit from, any Part of the said Road, leading from Stilton to Peterborough aforesaid, or indeed of the said Road from the upper End of the said Way, called Clay-way, to the said Gate called Barnwell Gate; and that the Petition of the said Trustees seems to be the more unreasonable, as it does not appear that any Turnpike is intended to be set up between the said Towns of Stilton and Peterborough; and that the Petitioners like wife apprehend, that if the said Trustees are permitted to apply the Money, to be raised at the Turn-pikes originally erected upon, and for repairing of, the great Northern Road, towards the Amending of Bye or other Roads, the said great Northern Road may hereafter be neglected, and again becopnc very ruinous and bad; and that the Petitioners further apprehend, that One of the N n Turnpikes,

190 Martiu

A. 1750,

A*

Committee?.

erected at Satire* and Wansford, k^P>ng the said Road, from the feVoft" HiU to Wmford Bridge, in

-that by a Contiruance of unnecef-y die f^W Northern foad, the same may

beireatly fteiudiced, the Credit o several other Toll

r^i^reon lessened, and Persons discouraged ‘ froi^iebding or advancing Money hereon for the more

repairing of the said Northern Road: And before praying. That the Petitior of the said Trustees y pot pass into a Law.

That all Committees b revived.

AJconbury That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Hm, &c. deration of foe Committee, to wlotn the Petition of the , &o*ds» ^rhftees, whose Names are thereun o subscribed, appointed - tp put in Execution several Acts of Parliament, passed in \ 9fh and 12th Years of the Reiga of her late Majesty Queen and in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, 2nd in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Se- cond, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the White Post on Alconbury Hilly in the County of Hur tingdon, and IVansford Bridge, in the same County, the North Divifton; and of others, the Gentlem^0^. e said County of Huntingdon and the County of)*, mp on, adjoining or near to the said Road; V*.ferrcd1 , And that they do examine the Matter of th: Ct,tl0£; , fe~ port tbc fame, as it fl»U appear r- to the House*

Kibble A Petition of the Gentler-‘1>L^nd-°WnerS, MeLrchantS> Bridge. Freeholders, and Fart-‘s’ ^ofc NaJmes are hereunto subscribed, in behaKjt ^emselves, and many others, of the Hundred of ^oynjdale,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was*-<*«fcnted to c^e and reac*» tahing

Notice Thc a now depending in the House, for crcfti/jp* publick County Bridge over the River Ribble, betw^n [he Townships of Preston and Penwortham, in the fcu County Palatine; and that the Expences of building the said Bridge are intended to be provided for by a Tax, to be l^id on all the Lands and Estates in the said County; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, that nothing but the indjfpenfible Necessity of having such a Bridge, and its extensive Usefulness to the said County in general, can warrant an additional Burthen upon their Property r\nd Estates; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Con-Cder^ion of there being a large County Bridge over the said River, at no greater Distance than One Mile, or thereabouts* from the Place where the new-intended Bridge is proposed to be built, will take off and destroy effectually all Pretence of Necessity for building the fame; neither will fqgh a Bridge, if built, be of genenral Use and Service to the Publick, as it is evident beyond Contradiction, tha; Nine Parts in Ten of the said County Pala-» tine will never have Occasion to pass over it; and that the Petitioners are greatly alarmed, that so unreasonable a froject, founded on local Considerations only, and calculated to load the said County Palatine with so idle and lUUiecessary an Espence, should be introduced at this dreadful Time of Calamity, when most Estates in the said County have felt the terrible Effects of the con^ tagious Distemper among the Cattle, and when the Landlords, instead of receiving Rents, are obliged to advance Urge Sums to their Tenants, in order to enable them to hold and continue their Farms: And therefore (in con-Ijfferation of the Premises, and of the particular Hard-foips which must inevitably attend the Petitioners, and others, who will be obliged to pay to the said new-intended Bridge, ftould this Bill pass into a Law) praying the House, That they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, so far as relates to the Charging and ^fiecting of the said Petitioners,or their respective Estates.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ribbley between the Towti-ships of Preston und Penwortham, near a Place called the

Fish-House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the Market Town of Ashton under-Line, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in the Townshipfc, Hamlets, and Vills, thereto adjacent, in behalf of themselvesand other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers of the said Town, Town-ships, Hamlets, and Vills, Was presented to the House, and read; alleging* That the Charges of building and finishing the said proposed Bridge, with necessary Ramparts or Wings, will amount to a very large Sum of Money, which the Petitioners are informed is intended to be levied and raised by a Tax, to be laid upon all Lands in the said County Palatine; and that the Place where the? said intended Bridge is proposed to be fixed, does not lie in the Post Road from London, leading to the North Part of the County of Lancaster, and from thence to the fev<-

of said ^iver> w,t"in a Mile, or

chere^eSuts, of the Place where the said intended Bridge is proposed to be built, which has been always repaired at the Expence of the said County, and which is now in good Repair, and stands in the great Post Road leading to the North Part of England and Scotland, and within less than a Mile of the Borough of Preston; which Road takes in the South East, and a great Part of the West Side of the said County Palatine of Lancaster 1 and that there are Fords at Penwortham, near the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built, which are always passable except in Tides and Land Floods; and there is a good Ferry for Horse and Foot within a little Distance of the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built; and that the said intended Bridge will be of very little, if of any, Use to the North, North-East, South, or Middle Part, of the said County Palatine (except the Borough of Preston, and a small Part of the Country adjacent thereto); and that all Passengers and Carriages to or from Liverpool to Preston may avoid the Ford or Ferry at Penwortham at all unfea-sonable Times, and have the Benefit of a Turnpike Road, by going over Ribble Bridge, which is a very little more than a Statute Mile and a Half about; and that the Petitioners conceive such intended Bridge, if erected, will not be of so general Use and Service as to inti tic the Gentlemen Promoters of the Bridge, or to give them any reasonable Pretence, to call upon the County to make good the Expences of building and maintaining the fame, with proper Ramparts and Works, especially as the Petitioners, and most other Parts of the County, are greatly reduced in their Circumstances by the contagious Distemper which hath raged, and (till rages, among the Cattle in most Parts of the said County: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against such Part of the said Bill as . may tend to affect or charge the Petitioners, or their respective Estates, with any Sum or Sums of Money, to be raised or levied for building the said intended Bridge, or for maintaining or keeping the lame, and the Ramparts, or other Works, belonging to it, in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cambricks imported and exported, from Christmas 1727 to Christmat 1744, distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved, That the Orders, made upon Friday last, that the proper Officer or Officers do lay 13 before

Ribble

Bridge.

Q

Account of Cambricks imported,&c.

Accounts;

American

Colonial

Trade.

x4 Geo. II- 190 — io'

before this House an Account of all Comihodicies ex-r ported from Great Britain, to any of his Majesty's British Sugar Colonies in America, from Christmas 173 940 Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year and Colclny: And also, y

That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of act Commodities exported from Great Britain to any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies, from Christmas 1739 to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year and Colony, might be read; /

And the said Orders being read a<rfcqfd-ingty;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged*

ronnts; Ordered, That the proper Officerfor Officers do lay icricaa before this House, an Account of the Value of Goods exported from Great Britain t6 his Majesty’s Sugar Colo-2 c’ nies, from Christmas 1738 to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That thfc proper Officer or Officers do lay Wore this House', an Account,!^ the Value of Goods ex-Portti from Great Britain to his Majesty’s Northern Colonies, distin&iffljing each Colony, from Christmas 1738 to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers dolay before this House, an Account Qf all Sugar imported into Great Britain from any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1735 to Christmas i7jo, distinguishing each Year, and what Quantity was foreign Prize Sugar.

ffiogtoa A Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Church. Mary Jftington, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the

Church of the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Refohed\ That the Bill be committed to Mr, Cooke, Mr. Wafi} Mr.' Thomas Gore, Colonel Leighton, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Wilies, Mr. Alderman Betbell, Mr. Coders, Mr. Brake, Mr. Gray, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hampden, Sir John Cust, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Lyster, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Morton% Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Martin, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Vemqn, Mr. Powney, Mr Greatbeed, Mr. Geo.

Tmnfhend, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Peter Tkampfon, Mr; Charles Torke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Pro ft or, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Colleton, Mr, Pitt, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Pottery and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Bedford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of che Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be-r Bonds for re- fore this House* an Account of Bonds given, with the r^kr;0! Narnes of the Persons by whom such Bonds are given, c s* for the Re-exportation of Cambricks, since the 8th Day of February 1749, ffiewing how many of the said Bonds are discharged in full or in Part, and distinguishing the Quantities of Cafipbricks re-exported since that time against the j respective Bonds so discharged, in whole or in Part.

BarlCowpcr’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ekfc* for charging divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and County of Hertford, Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, with raising Money towards defraying the Expences of rebuild^ ing the said Houses in London burnt down and destroyed by Fire, was read the First time.

Refqlved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gee Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore reported from the Committee, Nwijation, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act, made in the and Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney* so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the River commonly called the Ltffer Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, And from Brandon to a Place called the WhiteHouse, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and You a6.

‘ Maitii. 139

found the\me to be true; and that the Committee had gone throOh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; \hich they had directed him to report to the House $ andy reac| t|ie report in his Place! and after-warcLdeliver^ the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's TableWhere the Amendments were once read throughcftir, antjhen a Second time one by one; and, upon the QuestiVj severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to fyeral of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the Toufe adjourned till To-moriW Morning, Nil, of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2& die Martii;

Anno 140 Georgii II. Reg;Sj 17JO,

Prayers.

A Petition of several of the InhaUants of the Parishe’s Surry of St. Mary Rotherbitb and 7 Magdalen Road34

Bermondsey, in the County of SK/Ty,vH0fe Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of theife]Ves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was^refentecj to the House, and read; reciting Part of a Petit,n of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmen, of te Counties of Surry, Sussex, Kent, and Southampton, preinte(j to the House, fo‘r widening a Road leading from thtstones End of Lambeth Town to Newington 5 and to i.ake a new Road from thence, cfofs some Grounds, into He Kentish Road, near the Lock Hospital j and for making <her new Roads, as therein is mentioned; and alleging, That if another new Road was to be made from a Place ciled the Grainge Road, in the Parish of Bermondsey, crofr some Garden Grounds, and to be opened opposite to the tew intended Road near the Lock Bospital y the same willnot only be of great Benefit and Advantage to both the fail Parishes, but to the Publick in general: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Conficer;-tion, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to tie House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coc-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmen of the Cookies of Surry, Sussex, Kent, and Southampton, is ref rred:

And that they do examine the Matter of this Tuition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to then, to the House;

Mr. Rowney reported from the Comm'ttee* to whom Woodstock the Bill for enlarging the l erm and Powers granted by an Roads. Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Xiddington and Enftone, to Rollrlght Lane, and from Faflow Bridge to Kidding-ton aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and for making the Act more effectual, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place? and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one? and, upon ^he Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in? grossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Foreign of the City of Oxford, in the Caynty of Oxford, in Council assembled, the ijt.h Day of March 1750, was pyelbnted to the House, and read y expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, That a general Naturalization

2o° Martii.

140

lization of foreign Protestants will impoverifr rather thah add to the Wealth of, this Nation; because, > neither the Rich, nor the Industrious, amongst them, ced any such Inducement, the Poor and the Idle only is to be feared, take Advantage of so general an fdulgence; and alleging, That an Experiment having bet* actually made* by formerly passing a Law for that Pur°^c> \£ Was found so detrimental to the National Interef thf* it was soon afterwards repealed; and that Foreigfrs> ignorant of our Laws, and though Protestants, yet during from the Religion dtablished by Law in this Tingdom, will, proba- bly, want that Zeal and Affeaiorwh»c^ is necessary for the Preservation of our Civil an^ciigl0us Rights; and be easily tempted to invade botK And therefore praying, That the Bill, for naturalizio foreign Protestants, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said station do lie upon the Table*

Answer to Mr. Comptroller re*^ £° the House, That their Address. . Address of Yesterday his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Dir*i°ns> I'hat the Estimate therein mentioned might ,e hud before this House) had been presented to his anJ that his Majesty had commanded him to ?quaint this House, that he will give Di-refHons accordigty*

Brumpton Mr. Compt0]^1, presented to the House, according to High Lane, Order, a Bill01* repairing the Road leading from the East &c. Road. £ncj of Brupton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Towii of schmond, and from thence to and through the Towns o<dskrigg and Ingleton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancqfter, \n the County of Lancaster: And the same w? received; and read the First time.

Refoped, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ribbic Orlered, That the Petition of the several Persons,

Bridge. wh0£ Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Famers, in the Hundred of Salford, within the County Paatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of tic said Hundred of Salford (which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Nibble, between the Towr.ships of Preston and Penwor-them, near a Place called the Fish-House, in the County Pal^ine of Lancaster, should be read a Second time) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the faio Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by\heir Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petititn, if they think fit.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemei, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the M^ket-Town and Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the said ?arish (which was presented to the House upon Friday last, *nd then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill should be read a Second time) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that these Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in his

Peiiiion. Majesty’s Prison the Castle of York, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Importation Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday last, for ofpambrickv House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, To-morr6vv, to consider the Petition of the

1750.

Merchants and Delicts in Linen, of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Sevens night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, i>

to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to

attend the said Committee, Tomorrow, doattend the said Committee Tomorrow Scvennighc.

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Peace of the several Account, rNj Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in England and Wales, frying uu. do issue Orders to the High or Chief Constables within pobr’ the fame, commanding them to require, from the Over- ir

seers of the Poor, for the Years 1747, 1748, 1749, an

1750, of every Parish, Township, and extra-parochial Place, within the Limits of the Authority of the said H igh or Chief Constables, Accounts signed by the said Ovr*' seers, of the total Amount of the Sums of Mone'r *nnu" ally afiefled upon every such Parish, Town(W> or extra-parochial Place, towards the Relief of the P°or* from Easier 1747 to Easier ij^o, distir^uishing each Year; and distinguishing also, as far aS m*Y be, in-She said Accounts, the Total Arnold of such Sums of Moneyas have been annually p*fd out of the same Assessments, for any other Purp^s, than for the Relief of the Poor; and that the said Overseers of the Poor, so required, do deliver to the High or Chief Constables the said Accounts; and that the said High or Chief Constables do, with all convenient Speed, deliver the said Accounts to the said Clerks of the Peace; together with Accounts of the Number of Workhouses, establiftred for the Employment or Relief of the Poor, in the said Parishes, Townships, and extra-parochial Places; and that the said Clerks of the Peace do transmit the said Accounts to the Clerk of this House> in order to be laid by him before this House.

Ordered, That the Town Clerks of the several Cities and Ditto.

Towns in England and Wales, which are Counties of themselves, and the Clerks of the Peace of the several Liberties in England and Wales, within which the] ustices of the Peace have an exclusive Jurisdiction, do, in the like manner, require the like Accounts from the several Overseers of the Poor, in such Cities, Towns, and Liberties; and that the said Overseers of the Poor do deliver the said Accounts to the said Town-Clerks, and Clerks of the Peace, for such.

Liberties respectively; and that the said Town-Clerks, and Clerks of the Peace, for such Liberties respectively, do transmit the said Accounts; together with Accounts of the Number of Workhouses established in such Cities,

Towns, and Liberties, for the Employment or Relief of the Poor, to the Clerk of this House, in order to be laid by him before this House.

A Me Cage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr.

Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Offices and to indemnify Persons, who have omitted to qualify them- EmP]°y-selves for Offices and Employments, within the Time mems* limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act Thames at for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation *fia Navi£3' of the River Thames and Isis, from the City of London, tlon#

West ward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also,

The, Lords have passed a Bill, intitutled, An Act to Duchefcof enable the most noble Jane Duchess Dowager of Argyll Argylf* and Greenwich, to grant Leases of the Ground, and Repairing Leases of the Houses and Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Will of John late Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Plevdell’s Sale of the Estate, late of Edmund Pleydell Esquire, in El*ace-

Glcuceficr-

Scotch Linen Manufacture}.

Avon

Navigation.

&4<jEO. It

Gloucestershire, and for laying out the Morie^, arifihgby such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act passed in the 13th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Lineft and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for further regulating the said Manufactures: And that the Lord Advocate, the Lord Dupplin, and Mf. Hume Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Offenham, Lyttletons, Cfeeve, Bidford, Salford, Harving/on, Norton, and Len'r ches, in the Counties of Wore eft er and Warwick, in behalf of themselves, and other Persons, interested in the Navigation of the River Avon, running from the Bo*, rough of Stratford, in the County of Warwick, to ‘ the Borough of Yewkesbury, in the County of Gloticefteri was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That King Charles the First, by his Letters Patent, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, by the Advice of his Privjr-Council, constituted certain Commissioners therein named, to view and survey the River Avon, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, at the Expence of one William Sandys, and to do as therein is mentioned* to make the same navigable, in the Counties aforesaid, for the better supplying of the said Counties with Wood, Iron, Coal, and other Commodities, which they then wanted; and that, in Recompence of his great Charge therein, the said William Sandys, but not his Heirs or Executors, was thereby intitled to the Benefit of the Water-Carriages thereon, as in such Cases is usual; and the said Commissioners were to report their Progress and Proceedings therein, from time to time, to the said Council, that such further Measures might be taken by the said Council, as to them should seem meet) but that the Usurpation corning on, no further Orders were made for settling the Trade, or any other Matters relative to the said River; and that, during the Usurpation, it was in the Poflfcflion of one William Say, upon whose Attainder it became forfeited; after which, by a Grant now recorded in the Rolls, 16 September, 13 Charles ad, all the Manors and Estates, of Persons attainted, and therein named (amongst whom William Say was one) were, in most general Words, without particularly describing them, or even saying in what Counties they were, granted to Lord Berkley, and others, in Trust, for James Duke of York, who, in the Month of June 1664, in Consideration of 500l. assigned over all his and their Term therein (but how long that was, the Petitioners are entirely ignorant) to an Anccftor of the present Proprietor, who, by virtue thereof, has leased out the Profits thereof, at various Rents; and his Tenants, or their Agents, have, time after time, in consequence thereof, varied the Rates of Tonnage thereon, at Pieafure; and, under Pretence of its being a private Property, the said Tonnage is now become arbitrary, and, by Means thereof, a heavy Load upon the People, instead of the publick Good, which it was at first intended to be; and that, though by a Clause in an Act passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the said Navigation was ordered to be continued and preserved, and Commissioners were thereby appointed to settle all Disputes relating thereto, without mentioning to whom the Navigation then belonged, yet it does not appear, that the said Commissioners, or any of them, acted or did any thing in the Premiles, but that the Owners and their Tenants have ever since acted and done as they pleased, and have not only monopolized the Coal-Trade thereof, and fixed such unequitable and high Rates of Tonnage thereon, which now equal the Freightage upon Corn and Goods, called Merchandize, passing upon the said River, as greatly to prejudice the Vol. 26.

Trade in general, and the Petitioners in particular; but have likewise made various other Exactions on People navigating-up and down the said River; aria used such arbitrary Methods of proceeding, that the comttion Metfiods of Law, for Redress, could not with; Safety-be fiftefby Persons aggrieved; and that the same appears to the Petitioners to be such, that nothing but parliamentary Aid can give Redrds: And therefore pteying the , House,

That as a Committee is appointed to-examine into the Matter of the Evefhani Petition, in regard to the said Kiver^the Premises, by the Petitioners 'above-mentioned* may be also taken into Consideration; and that such Relief may be granted $$ tdthe Hpuie\ flail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred co the Consideration of the Committee, to whWrnthe Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgefics, and other the Inhabitants of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, is referred*: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them,. to; the House.

The Order of die Day being redd* for the House to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sc-vennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day* for the Third Reading of the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants (which Bill was ordered to be read the Third time this Day, if it should be then ingossed) being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill (now ingossed) be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Betbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Betbell reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Plcydeir* for Sale of the Estate late of Edmund Pleydell Esquire, £lUtc* in Gloucestershire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be fetded to the Uses of his Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Campbell of Calder have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Duchefsof Act to enable the most Noble Jane Duchess Dowager of Argyll’* Argyll and Greenwich, to grant Leases of the Ground, Leafin2* and Repairing Leases of the Houses and Buildings in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Will of John latfc Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

O o Jovis,

Ways and Means.

Foreign Protestants Nat.

ExceffiveUfe of Spirits.

14

Jovis, 21° die Martii;

Anfto 24° Georgii 11" Regis, 1750.

Prayers,

Hobfe met.

110 — -'22®'

A. 175a.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills, &c.

iAnd theft, the House adjourned till Tomorrow v Momiftg<Nine of the Clock.

Venef rSy £ 2° die Martii;

Anno 24V Georgii iidi: Regis, -1 750.

Prayers. </ ‘ ,

AMefiage from the Lords, By Mr. Bermet and Mr.

Holford: *- - -:

1 ’ Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be rfcifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the several Sums of Money therein mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, io be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for impowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to pay off the Old and New unsubscribed South Sea Annuities, out of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1751; and for enabling the Bank of England to hold general Courts, and Courts of Dirt stors, in the Manner therein directed; and for giving certain Persons Liberty to subscribe Bank and South Sea Annuities, omitted to be subscribed, pursuant to Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington, to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways through the several Pari fries of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Twelfth Part of John Jekyll, an Infant, in the real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the.settled Estate of George Barlow Esquire, in him and his Heirs; and for settling another Part of his Estate, of greater Value, to the same Uies, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Addref? of Resolved, Nemine contradicentey That an humble Ad-Condolence dress be presented to his Majesty, to express our just and °n the Death deep Concern, at the great Loss which his Majesty, and of Wales!00* ^cfc^ Kingdoms, have sustained, by the Death of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales', and humbly to beg Leave to condole with his Majesty on this affecting and melancholy Occasion; to declare our most sincere and warmest Wilhes for the long Continuance of his Majesty’s Life, so important to his Family, and to the Welfare of his People; and to assure his Majesty, That his faithful Commons will, from a Sense of Gratitude to his Majesty, and with the most dutiful Affection to his sacred Person, stand by, and support, his Majesty’s Government, and the Protestant Succession in his Royal House, as the surest

Lavington, &c. Road.

S* Alban’s Road,

Jekyll’s

Estate.

Barlow’s

Ellate.

Newark upon Trent Writ.

Worcester

Writ.

Means, under God/of perpetuating to this Nation the Blefllngs we have constantly enjoyed under the Protection of his Majesty’s mild and auspicious Reign.

Ordered, That the said Addrest be prefertted to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty4s most Honourable Privy Council,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eledling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Newark upon 'Trent, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Job Staunton Charlton Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Deliveries in his Majesty's Office of Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant fb the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eledling of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Worcester, in the room of the Right Honourable George William Coventry Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Deerhurst, now Earl of Coventry, called up to the House of Peers.

A Message by the Honourable Sir Henry Belknden, fioyal Aflcut Gentleman-IJ (her of the Black-Rod. 10 SiUu

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by Virtue of his Majesty’s Cortl-mission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do deflre the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers; to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And, being returned,

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Defife of the Lords, authorized by Virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, as afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read, as followeth; viz.

George R.

George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth: To our Right Trusty, and Right Well-beloved, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and to our Trusty and Well-beloved the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Greeting: Whereas we have seen, and perfcdlly understood, divers and sundry Acts, agreed and accorded on by you our loving Subjects the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this our present Parliament assembled, and indorsed by you, as hath been accustomed; the Titles and Names of which Acts hereafter do particularly ensue; that is to say, An Act for granting an Aid to h;s Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one; An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the several Sums of Money, therein mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, and for impowering the Com- naissioners of the Treasury to pay off the Old and New unsubscribed South Sea Annuities, out of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, and for enabling the Bank of England to hold General Courts, and Courts of Directors,in the Manner therein directed, and for giving certain Persons Liberty to subscribe Bank and South Sea Annuities, omitted to be subscribed, pursuant to Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament; An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; An Act to indemnify Persons, who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose;

An Act for the better carrying Qn and regulating the Navigation

24 Geo. II;

vigation of the Rivers Thames and tjis, from the City of London, West ward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts \ An Act for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts; An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by T woAfts of Parliament* for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael> Saint Alban, St. Peter, S ben ley. Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesexi An Act for impowering the Trustees, named in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Edward Huift Esquire, with Hannah his Wife* to lay out Part of the Trust-Monies therein mentioned, in the Purchase of Re-verfionary Estates, as well as Lands in Possession, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage-Settlement, with Power to make Leases thereof, according to the Custom of the Country; An Act to enable George Lane, heretofore called George Fox, Esquire, and his Ifluc Male* to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lane\ pursuant to the Will of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and for inrolling the said Will, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland; An Act to enable Thomas Smith, now called Thomas Panuwell, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Panuwell; and albeit, the said Acts, by you our said Subjects, the Lords and Commons in this our present Parliament assembled, are fully agreed and contented unto; yet, nevertheless, the same are not of Force and Effect in the Law, without our Royal Assent given and put to the said Acts: And forasmuch as, for divers great and urgent Causes and Considerations, we cannot conveniently, at this Present, be personally, in our R »yal Person, in the Higher House of our said Parliament, being the Place accustomed to give our Royal Assent to such Acts as have been agreed upon by you our laid Subjects, the Lords and Commons, we have therefore cauf d these our Letters Patents to be made, and have signed the same $ and by the same do give and put our Royal Afient to the said Acts, and to all Articles, Clauses, and Provisions therein contained; and have fully agreed and assented to the said Acts, willing that the said Acts, and every Article, Clause, Sentence, and Provision, therein contained, from henceforth shall be of the same Strength, Force, and Effect, as if we had been personally present in the said Higher House, and had openly and publicly, in the Presence of you all, assented to the same: And we do, by these Presents, declare and notify the same our Royal Assent, as well to you the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons aforesaid, as to all others whom it may concern; commanding also, by these Presents, our Right Trudy and Well-beloved Counsellor Philip Lord Hard-wicke, our Chancellor of Great Britain, to seal these our Letters Patents with our Great Seal of Great Britain; and also, commanding our most dear Son, and faithful Counsellor, William Duke of Cumberland, the most Reverend Father in God our Right Trudy and Well-beloved Counsellor Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England, and Metropolitan, our said Chancellor of Great Britain* and our Right Trudy and Right Well-beloved Cousins and Counsellors Lionel Duke oIDorset, President of our Council, John Earl Gower, Keeper of our Privy Seal, Charles Duke of Marlborough, Steward of our Houshold, Charles Duke of Grafton, Chamberlain of our Houshold, John Duke of Bedford, One of our Principal Secretaries of State, Archibald Duke of Argyl, Thomas Holies, Duke of Newcastle, One other of our Principal Secretaries of State, and John Earl of Sandwich, First Commissioner of our Admiralty, or any Three or more of them, to declare and notify this our Royal Afient, in our Absence, in the said Higher House, in the Presence of you the said Lords and the Commons of our Parliament, there to be afifembled for that Purpose; and the Clerk of our Parliaments to endorse the said Acts,with such.Terms and Words, in our Name, as is requisite, and hath been accustomed, for the same j and also, to inroll these our Letters Patents, and the said Acts, in the-Parliament Roll* VoL.

*43

and these our Letters Patents shall be, to every of them* a sufficient Warrant in that Behalf: And finally we do declare and will, That, after this our Royal Assent, given and passed by these Presents, and declared and notified as is aforesaid, that then, and immediately, the said Acts shall be taken, accepted, and admitted, good, sufficieqc, andperfeft, Acts of Parliament, and Laws; to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, and to be putin due Execution accordingly; the Continuance or Diflblution of this our Parliament, or any other Use, Custom, Thing or Things, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. In Witness whereof, we have caused these our Letters to be made patent: Witness ourself, at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of March, in the Twenty-fourth Year of our

By the KING himself: Signed With his own Hand.

Yorke and Yorke.

Mr. Speaker also reported, That the Lord Archbishop bf Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and other Lords, named in the Commission, did, in pursuance thereof, declare and notify the Royal Assent to those Bills accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Com-burgesses, and In- Alconbury habitants of Grantham, and several Gentlemen, Free*- Hill, &c. holders. Farmers, and others, of the County of Lincoln, Koadi* was presented to the House, and read j reciting Part of <. a Petition

22° — 2 50 u

Lunce, 2 50 die

; Anno 240 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1751.

~ Prayers. '

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answerfa Address of Friday last (to express the just arid Address. deep Concern of this House, at the great Loss which.his Majesty,' and these Kingdoms, have sustained, by the Death of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; arid humbly to beg Leave to condole with' his Majesty on thib affecting and melancholy Occasion: to declare their most fmcere and warmed Wishes, for the longrConti-nUance of his Majesty’s Life, so important to his Family, and the Welfare of his People; and to assure his Majesty,

That his faithful Commons will, from a Sense of Gratitude to his Majesty, and with the most dutiful Affection to his fa'cred Person, stand by, and support, his Majesty’s Government, and the Protestant Succession in his Royal House; as the surest Means, under God, of perpetuating to this Nation the Blessings they have constantly enjoyed under the Protection of his Majesty’s mild and auspicious Reign) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

That he thanks this House very kindly for their Address: That the affectionate Concern which this House has expressed, for the great Loss which has happened in his Family, is, very acceptable to his Majesty: And that he' receives, with the utmost Satisfaction, these fresh and hearty Assurances of their Zeal arid Regard; as his Majesty cannot but have from thence, the firmed Reliance on their future Supporting of his Government, and of the Protestant Succession in his House.

' i

Mr. Prowse presented to the House, according to Ordet, Mtrcen a Bill for explaining and amending an Act pa fled irithfc Company's Twenty-first Year, of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of tht Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

a 50 MartluA. 1751.

*a Petition1 of the TrusteeS, whose Names are thereunto Tubscribed, appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament passed in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the White Post on Alconbury Hilly in the County of Huntingdon, and Wands ford Bridge, in the same County; and alleging, That the Petitioners are appre-henflve, that if such a Bill, as is thereby prayed for, should pass into a Law, the said Road between Alconbury Hill and Wandsford Bridge, being the great Post Road to North Britain, woHd, by applying the Tolls appropriated for the Repair thereof, for other Purposes than by the said several Acts are intended, be negledbed and run to Ruin; and, in such case, the greatest Part of the Travellers to and from the Northern Parts of the Kingdom, and who contribute greatly to the Repair of all the Turnpike Roads from North Britain to London, and many other Persons, would be obliged to leave the said great Road, by which Means the Petitioners, and many other Persons, residing in and near the said great Road, would be gready damaged; and, as the said Road from Alconbury Hilly to Wandsford Bridge, by the Tolls and Duties granted for the Repairs of the fame, is now in good Repair; and, as the Petitioners 1 believe, that the Tolls and Duties collected at the Toll-Gate, now (landing at Saltree> on the said Road, would be sufficient to keep the said whole Road in Repair, and also to pay the Money now due on the fame; expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the Toll-Gate, now ereftedat Wandsford, may be entirely taken away* which would not only relieve all Persons travelling into the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, from an unnecessary Burden, but also be an Ease and Encouragement to Trade, and likewise be an Inducement to all other the Managers of the Repairs of the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, to Complete the fame: And therefore praying. That the . Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to ~ the House shall seem meet.

cjjnbury A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Roads? an^ ot*lcr Burgesses and Inhabitants, of the Town or Bo-. rough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and the Inhabitants of several Places adjacent, wa^ also presented . to the House, and read; reciting Part of the said Petition of the Trustees, for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament made for repairing the Roads between the White Post, on Alconbury Hilly in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County; and letting forth, That the Road from Alconbury Hill to Wansford aforesaid, is the great Post-Road from Lon-. don to North Britain; and that the same Road has been well repaired, by the Monies arising from the said Two Turnpikes, at which large Tolls have been paid for Twenty-three Years last past, by the Petitioners, and all others travelling on the said great Post-Road j and alleging. That as the Monies, arising by the said Two Turnpikes, are more than sufficient for keeping the said Road in Repair, and paying off the Monies due on the Security of the said Tolls, the Petitioners, and all others travelling on the said great Post-Road, have more Rcaftxn to hope for a Relief to themselves, and the Publick in general, by a Reduction of the said Tolls, than to expert a Continuance of them, for such new Purposes, as are mentioned in the said Petition of the Trustees; and chat, however necessary it may be thpught to repair the Road from Stilton to Peterborough aforesaid pleading into, the Fens of Uncolnshire) the same ought not to be done at the Expence of those who never travel thereon; which must be the Cafe, if such an Application of the Tolls, arising at Saltree and Wansford aforesaid, is suffered to be made by the said Trustees, as is aimed at by their said Petition; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Principal Money, due on the Security of the said Tolls, is very inconfidexable; and that the fame, with the Monies already raised, and in the Hands of the Trustees, and the future Tolls to be collected, might be soon paid off and ddcharged; after which, as the Petitioners apprehend, the Turnpike at Wansford Bridge should be taken away, or the Tolls otherwise reduced, according to the Intention of the Legislature \ which could not possibly be, that large Tolls should be continued, after a Road is repaired, and the Surplus of such Tolls be applied to private Roads* in Favour of particular Towns and Places, lying quite out of the Road on which such Tolls are collected, to the manifest Prejudice of the Travellers thereon, and contrary to the known Rules of Equity and good Confidence: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That no other Tolls hereafter may be collected and imposed on the Publick, on that Part of th£ great Post-Road lying between Alconbury Hill and Wans~ ford aforesaid, than such as are sufficient for the Preservation Pf the said great Road only and that the Trustees, that now are, or hereafter may be, appointed for the Re- pairing of the said great Road, may be directed to make such Reduction and Abatement of the said Tolls, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable; and that no Power may be yelled in such Trustees, for applying the Monies iarifing by the said Two Toll-Bars, for any ocher Purpose whatsoever, than for preserving the said greac Post-Road.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Torky was also presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of the said Petition of the Trustees, for putting in Execution the said Acts; and setting forth, That the Road from Alconbury Hill to Wansford is the greac Post and Common Road from London to the City of Yorkt , not only for Travellers, but also for the Conveyance of ’Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, backwards and forwards, from London to York and that the said City, from the Populousness thereof, has, for Twenty Years and upwards, very largely contributed, and dill continues to contribute, to the Repair of the Road aforesaid; which Road being now, as represented by the said Petition, put intogopd Repair, the Tolls collected for that Purpose, or a . proportionable Part thereof, oughc now, as the Petitioners apprehend, in Justice and Equity, to cease, for the Ease of "the Petitioners, amongst the many others that travel the 'said Road; and submitting to the House, That, however ' necessary the Repairing the Road from Stilton to Peterborough may be, for the Ease and Benefit of the said City of Peterborough, or those residing in that Part of the Country, with which the said City of York has no Manner of Intercourse or Communication, that the same ought ' to be repaired by those who pass upon the said Road, and have the Benefit of it; but that the City of York ought not, as the Petitioners apprehend, to be obliged to contribute to the Repair of a Bye or Side Road, leading from the said great Road from London to York, into a different and distant Country 5 and alleging, That the Turnpike at Wansford Bridge ought to be taken away, or the Tolls thereof moderated, towards continuing the said Road in the same good Repair, as it is now represented to be put into: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may not be longer loaded with the Payment of the high Tolls and Duties, for putting a Road into Repair, which is at present repaired; and that the Toll from Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge may be reduced; so as that no more, or greater Tolls, may be exacted from the Petitioners, and other the Inhabitants of the City of York, than what are sufficient for keeping the said Road in Repair, pursuant.to the Letter and Intention of the said Acts for repairing the said Road, as aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as shall be equitable and just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto fpbscribed, appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament passed in the 9th and rath Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 7th Year 10 of

Alconbury

Hill,

Roads.

14 Geo. II. ieJMartiii 14$

of the Reign of his pt*efent Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the IVkite Post on Alconbury Hilly in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County, being the North Division, and of others the Gentlemen of the said County of Hunting-den% and the County of Northatnptony adjoining or near to the said Road; is referred, to examine the Matter of these Petitions: And to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Papers re- Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to (ptSaing Ja- ^eir Address to his Majesty,

a"ttA"irs* Copy of an humble Address, and Representation, of the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of his Majesty's Island of Jamaica, passed 16th November 1749.

Copy of the Examination of Richard Mumford, Master of the Sloop Enterprize, before the House of Assembly at Jamaica, 9th November 1749.

N°. 1. Copy of a Clearance of the Sloop Enterprize, from the Custom-House at Newport, Rhode Island\ i^h August 1749.

2. Copy of a Certificate of the Sloop Enterprize being New England built, 19th August 1749.

3. Copy of a List of the Sloop Enterprize's Company.

4. Copy of a Permit or Clearance, from the Naval-Office at Newport, Rhode Island, 1 9th August 1749.

5. Copy of a Bill of Lading, signed by Richard Mumford, at Hispaniola, 26:h October *749

6. Copy of a Letter from L. ChoLt, to Mr. Nichols, dated Saint Dominique, 7th of November 1749, and Translation.

Copy of Edward Manning Esquire’s Examination, be-

fore the House of Assembly, Jamaica, 10th November 1749-

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

fretott, tc. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Townships Roadj. of Barton, Gocjnargh, Inglewhite, and Whittingham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are there-I unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other In-

L habitants of the said several Townships, was presented to

J the House, and read; taking Notice, That there is a Bill

| now depending in the House, for repairing the Road from

Preston, through Garjlang and Lancaster, to Heiring Syke, in the said County of Lancaster: and setting forth. That the Petitioners in travelling to Preston, which is their Market-Town, are obliged to go through a Lane, which leads out of the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Broughton, in the said County, to Duxton Dean, in Barton aforesaid, of about One Mile in Length; and are also f, obliged to go through the said Lane, to fetch their Fir-

ing; which Lane is in a very founderous Condition, and J cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary

Means appointed by the Laws now in being, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That a Clause or Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill, for repairing the said Lane; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Reynolds, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bold, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Hilljboro', Mr. Tor he, Mr. WilkinJon, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Betbell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Gybbon, Dr. Lee, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Powney, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Compton, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir William Blacket,

Vol. 26.

Mr Hampden, Mr. Noribey, Mr. Vaugbafi, Mr. Shuttle worth, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mundy, Mr,

Wigley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thornton; and all the Members who serve for the Countiei of Lancaster, Fork, Durham, Northumberland, Westmorland, Cumberland, and t>hester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber! And have Powef to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be ah Tnftruftion to the Committee, Kibble to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Bridge.

Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Pen-wortham, near aPlace called the Fish House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed, That they do aidmifc Counsel to be heard in Favour of the said Bill, against the several Petitions referred to the said Committee; upon which Counsel have been allowed to be heard before the said Committee.

A11 ingrossed Bill, for appointing Comhniflidners to put Oui* Navi-in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of gation. the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers, commonly called Brandon and Wd-veny, so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the River, commonly called the Lesser Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was read the Third time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act,made in the Twency-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the River* commonly called Brandon and Waveny, so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the River; commonly called the Lesser Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That proper Blanks were Farthingftone not left in the Bill, for inclosing and dividing the Com- lDcloittre* mon Fields, Common Pastures. Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds,in the Manor and Parish of Farthingsione, in the County of Northampton; which Bill was read a Second time, and committed, upon the 15 th Day of this Instant March;

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be discharged from proceeding thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill, inltcad thereof.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the East Brumpton End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to High *-ane» the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through &c* &oa<k the Towns of Afkrigg, and Ingleton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Peirfe, Lord Downe, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Ancram, Mr. Bold, Lord Strange, Mr. Dalfton, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Hen.

Slingfby, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Arundel, Mr, Hill, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Vane, Mr. Thornton,

Sir John Ramsden, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Barne, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Which cot, Mr Monson,

Mr. Hay, Sir Walt. Wag. Bagot, Sir Walter Hlacket, Mr.

Cocks, Sir Francis Dafhwood, Mr. Hampaen, Mr. Kynaston,

Sir Robert Long, Mr Lyfier, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Watson, Mr Wrighte, Mr.

Brijlow, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gere, Mr. Hale, Mr. Hume, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. RevelI, Mr. Richards,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Butler, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Beck;ord,

Mr. Prcby, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr John Ycrke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lon-P p caster,

Ribble

Bridge,

African

Company,

25° Martii.

caflery Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,in the Speaker’s Chamber:

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the Market Towns and Parishes of Bolton in the Moors and Bury, in the County Palatine o {Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is now depending in the House foreredling a publickCounty Bridge over the River Ribb/e, between the Townfships of Preston and Penwortham, in the said County Palatine; and fetcing forth, That the Charges of building and finishing the said proposed Bridge, with necessary Ramparts or Wings, will amount to a very large Sum of Money, which, the Petitioners are informed, is intended to be levied and raised by a Tax, to be laid upon all the Lands in the said County Palatine; and that the Place, where the said intended Bridge is proposed to be fixed and set, does not lie in the Pod Road from London leading to the North Part of the County of Lancaster, and from thence to the several Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland, or in any other Poll Road; and that there is an ancient Stone Bridge of Five Arches over the said River, within a Miie, or thereabouts, of the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built, which has been always repaired at the Expence of the said County, and which is now in good Repair, and (lands in the great Post Road leading to the North Part of England and Scotland\ and within less than a Mile of the Borough of Preston, which Road takes in the South-East, and a great Part of the West Side of the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and that, adjoining to the South End of the said Bridge, there is a Road called Walton Copp, of Half a Mile in Lengthr which has also been always repaired by the said County at a very great Expence, and is now in compleac Repair

the said Company, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth. That the Petitioners having been chosen Committee-Men by the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, established by an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, and having been intruded by the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury with the Sum of io,oco/. granted to his Majesty for the Support of the Forts, in the Extention of the Trade upon the Coast of Africa, have inverted the same in Goods, Stores, proper for ehofe Purposes, and have shipped the same on board Two Ships* One for Cape Coast Castle, and the other for Gambia, which Ships are now ready to depart on their respective Voyages, but are detained by t|ie Re-fufalof the Royal African Company of England, to confirm the Agents, Factors, and Writers, appointed by the Petitioners for the Care and Disposal of the said Goods upon the Coast; and that the Petitioners never had the lead Intention of appointing Governors or Officers to take Pofiession or divert the Royal African Company of their* Forts and Factories, but, as they apprehend themselves answerable to the Publick for the Disposal of the Money they have been intruded with, they cannot think of consigning the same to any Pe/fons, but such as are appointed by themselves, and who have been well recormnende'dj and given Security for their just and faithful Conduct; and alleging, That any farther Delay will be attended with great Inconvenience and Expence: And therefore prays? ibg the House, to take the Premiks into their Consideration; and give such Directions in the fame, as to the A shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report of the? Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, parted the last Section, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England; and also the Petition of the Persons, whole Names are thereunto sub-

k

and that there is a Ford at Penwortham, near the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built, which is always pafiable except in Tides and Land Floods, and there is a good Ferry for Horse and Foot within a very little Distance of the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built; and that the said intended Bridge will be of very little, if of any, Use to the North, Norch-East, South, or Middle Part of the said County Palatine (except the Borough of Preston, and a small Part of the Country adjacent thereto); and that all Passengers and Carriages to or from Liverpoole to Preston, may avoid the Ford or Ferry at Penwortham at all unseasonable Times, and have the Benefit of a T urnpike Road, by going over Ribble Bridge, which is very little more than Two Miles about; and alleging, that the Petitioners conceive Rich intended Bridge, if erected, will not be of so general Use and Service as to intitle the Gentlemen Promoters of the Bill, or to give them any reasonable Pretence, to call upon the County to make good the Expences of building and ' maintaining the fame, with proper Ramparts and Works: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by tjieir Counsel against such Part of the said Bill as may tend to affect or charge the Petitioners or their respective Estates, with any Sum or Sums of Money to be raised or levied for building the said intended Bridge, or for maintaining or keeping the fame, and the Ramparts, or . other Works belonging to it, in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on behalf of themselves, and

feribed. Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bond ftde Creditors of the said Company; and also the Papers, which were presented to this House upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, are referred: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matters contained in this Petition, with their Observations thereupon.

The House being informed, That Mr. Baldwin, Secre- African tary to the Commissioners, who are appointed. to exa- Company, mine into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, attended at the Door 5

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Accoun: of the Expences of executing the Commission for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, and . of the Allowances the Commissioners think reasonable to be made to the Officers and Servants employed by them.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matters contained in the said Account, with their Observations thereupon.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Parsons, Comp- Account*; troller-General of the Customs, attended at the Door; American

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, an Account of the ra e% Amount of the Duties paid in the Northern Colonies-upon the Importation of Rum, Spirit*, Melasses, Syrups,

Sugar, and Pancles, of the Growth arid Produce of any foreign Settlements, from the Year 17 to Christmas 10 1749,

24 Geo. II. 25* Martii.

147

1749, in purfgance of the Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in distinguishing each Year and Colony,

and how much on Merchandize, and how much on Prizes:

And also,

An Account of the Bounty paid on the Importation of Indico, made in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, from 25th March 1749, the Commencement of the said Bounty, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by, the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. the Sale of a capital Messuage at Bromley, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Countie- of Middlefeb and Essex, late the Estate of Sir Charles Peers Knight,

deceased, some time since one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uies of his Will, was read a Second time.

Refdved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Turner, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proffer, Sir Henry Sting*by, Mr. Cook, Sir Nathanael Curzcn, Sir IVm. Calvert,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Alderman Jansen, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hay, Mr.'S toper, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mitch ell, Sir John Cust, Mr.'Belcbier, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Fo-nereau, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hume, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Willey,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alderman BethelL Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Oswald,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Proby, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Mon Jon,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Gray, Mr. West, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Be kford. Lord Dowue, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Alderman Baker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex', Essex, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Soppfy. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Trade of Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

American night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

’ CoUkuck lQ conflcjcr Gf j|ie petition of the Merchants of London in ' general, and of the Britiftj Sugar Planters, Merchants, and

others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies*

Ear! Cow- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for . pci’s Eila.e. charging divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and County of Hertford, Part of the settled Eftare of William Earl Cowper, with raising Money towards defraying the Expences of rebuilding the said Houses in London, burnt down and destroyed by Fire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Proby, Mr. West, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Which-cot. Lord Strange, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Willes, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Turner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. York, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Lockyer, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Harvey, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Neale, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr* Grenville, Mr, Yorke; and all the Members who serve for J the City of London, and for the Counties of Middlesex,

Hertford, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to Vol. 26.

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Duchess of enable the most Noble Jane Duchess Dowager of Argyll. and Greenwich, to grant Leases of the Ground, and repair-. Lcafinfi‘ ing Leases of the Houses and Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Will of John late Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, deceased, was read a Second time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. M'Ken-jie. Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Allgood, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Selwyn, General Campbell, Colonel Campbell,

Mr.' Ord, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Mackay, Sir Hen. Erskine, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr*

Proby, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Prowse, Lord Strange, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Conyers, Colonel Conway, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Neale,

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Myddleton, Lord Advo cate ot Scotland, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Nor they,

Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Compton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Which -cot, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Clevland, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Thornton, Mr. John Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry,

Oxford, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for pieydeir* Sale of the Estate late of Edmund Pleydell Esquire, in Estate* Gloucestershire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will, w*as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Monson, Mr. Knyafton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colleton, Sir Nath a-nael Curzon, Dr. Lee, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Mitchell, Mr*

Powney, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gore, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Proby, Mr. Hume, Mr. Vane,

Sir Richard Uoyd, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Abdy, Mr. Curzon, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Chester,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Dow-defwell, Mr. Hill, Mr.' Myddleton, Sir Roger Newdigate,

Mr. Northey, Mr Palmer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Popham,

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Thornton, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Mr. Williams, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Yorke, Sir Thomas Eger ton, Mr. Barry, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Wendover, Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from &c. Road. Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called the Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconsfte/d, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Beconsfield to Uxbridge aforesaid; was read a.

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Prowse, Lord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Furnefe, '

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Mr.

Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Wilson,. Mr. Hmpden,

Lord Strange, Mr. Lane, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Reynolds,

Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Northey\ Mr. tiar-dinge} Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Col!eiony Mr. Proby, Mr.

Cocke,

t48 »S° Martii. A.

Cooke, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pytls, Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Offley, Mr. Thornton, Mr. GCo. Townshend, Mr. Willes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. A/ft/- Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Grenville', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Oxford, Warwick, PVorcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Avon Navi- A Petition of Herbert Lord Viscount Windsor, in the gation. Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Mountjoy of the Isle of Wight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner and his Ancestors have been for many Years past, the Owners and Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, formerly made navigable by William Sandys, Esquire, at an Expence of 20,000l. or thereabouts; and that the Petitioner and his Ancestors have expended many Thousand Pounds in supporting and maintaining the said Navigation, and have, by themselves or Tenants, received the accustomed Tonnage, and other Duties, for all Vessels navigating on the said River; and reciting Part of a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and other the Inhabitants of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and observing, that Two other Petitions from the Towns of Parjhore and Chipping Campden, and other Villages and Parishes near the said River of Avon, have been also presented to the House, in relation to the said Navigation; and alleging, That the Petitioner is advised, that the Clause in the Act of Parliament of the 14th of King Charles the Second, relating to the River Avon, mentioned in the said Petitions, is in the First of the said Petitions mifiepresented, for that the Commissioners, by the said Act appointed, had only Powers to determine Differences between the Proprietors of the Navigation and the Land-Owners, touching the cutting and making navigable of the said River, but not in relation to the Tonnage and Duties payable to the Petitioner, and those under whom he claims. Proprietors of the said Navigation; and that the Petitioner apprehends, his Property may be affefted by the Bill, prayed by the said Petitions to be brought into this House: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave that he may be heard before the Committee, to whom the said Petitions are referred, against the said several Petitions, or that the House will give the Petitioner Rich other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Evesham, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Bunlby In- Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to

ciofare, &c. Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement forin-closing and dividing the Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Manor and Pariftt otDunJby/in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Darlington, Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Order, Road. a gjj for repairing the J-tion Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, through Cofkerton, to Swan House, thence up Broom Dikes Lane, and through the East End of West Aukland, and from thence to 6’/. Helen's Auklaivd, and from thence to Greenfield, in the said County of Durham, and through the West: End of West Aukland, over the River Gaundlefs, to David Jackson's House on Ray ley Fell, in the said County of Durham; and also- the high Road leading from Pierce Bridge, in the County of Durham, to Legg's Cross, at the Head of Bilder-

shaw, in the said Countyi Arid the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of final! Lincoln Debts within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same Small Dcbd. City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and within the Close and Bail of Lincoln, within the County of Lin coin, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Monson,

Mr. Allgood, Mr. Vyfier, Mr. Foner edit, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Montague, Mr. Proby, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Meliifh, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Strange, Mr. Hay, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Bdyntun, Mr. Siblhorpe, Mr. Watson, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Clevland, Mr. LafcelleS, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lane, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Greatbeed, Mr. Williams, Lord Dupplin, General Oglethorpe, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Cocks,

Sir FrancisDajhwood, Mr. Hampden, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Nor they, Mr. Powney, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Watson, Mr. Wright, Mr. Bristow, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hale, Mr. Hume, Mr. Kent,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Phillipfott, Mr. Revell, Mr. Richards,

Mr. West, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Butler, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Bedford, Mr. Chester, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. B. Hodgskinfon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Mundy, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Weg burton, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Gulf ton, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Locke, Mr. Nefbit, Mr.

Penton, Mr. Powlett; and all the Members who ierve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Torke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Com- McmlcsCoal mittee, to whom the Petition of Michael Menzies Esquire, Machine, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

William Lambton Esquire, informed your Committee,

That he had seen the said Machine or Engine, mentioned in the Petition, made use of; that it is worked by the Weight of Water only, and did draw up the Corf of 1 8 Pecks of Coals, which is about 500 Pound Weight, from the Bottom of a Pit of 50 Fathom, in a Minute and a Half: That it is a very expeditious Way of drawing up Coals from the Bottom to the Mouth of the Pit; which Evidence was confirmed by a Member prefenc, who had also seen the said Machine worked.

Mr. John Craufurd said. That he has seen a Model of the said Machine, which he thinks a very fine Invention; and is of Opinion^that it will draw Coals from the Walls where they are dug to the Bottom of the Pit, and from thence to the Pit’s Mouth, and so to the Heaps and Staiths, in a more expeditious and cheap Method than any other Engine he has ever seen.

Then Letters Patent, dated the 9th Day of February, in the 2 3d Year of the Reign of his prefer.t Majesty,were produced, which invest the sole Use and Benefit of the said Machine, in that Parc of Great Britain called England, in the said Michael Menzies, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Fourteen Years:

And also Letters Parent, dated the 19th of October 1750, for the like Use of the said Machine, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Term of Fourteen Years,

Then Mr. Craufurd informed your Committee, That Mr. Menzies had spent a great deal of Time in inventing the said Machine, and in crying Experiments of the fame; and had also been at great Expence in obtaining the said Letters Patents:

That the said Mr, Menzies was bred a Counsellor in Scotland, and had practised as such for several Years;

which

24 Geo. II. 25° Martii.

which Business he has almost totally quitted, in purfuitof the said Invention:

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner hath fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, for vesting the lole Property of the said Machine in the said Micbae^Menzies, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for such further Term as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting, fora certain Term of Years, in Michael Menzies Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Machine, by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places where they are dug to the Heaps at the Mouths of the Pits; and, in some Cafes, from the Heaps to the Staiths, or Places where they are put on board Ships or Keels: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Andrew Mitchell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Beihnal Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the

Green Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the

Streets. poor> ancj other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Mathew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. John Wajlall and Mr. James Stephens, being severally examined, said. That the said Parish is very large and populous; and that the enlightening the Streets thereof, and keeping a well-regulated Nightly Watch, will be of great Utility to the Inhabitants:

That the Streets of the said Parish are, in general, ill paved, and very dirty; and the Parishioners have not sufficient Power to compel the Inhabitants thereof to clean and pave the fame; and that the said Streets and Lanes are, in many Places, too narrow.

Mr. Bolton and Mr. Robert Brown, severally said. That the Streets and Highways are so narrow that it is impossible to go to the Church lately erected there, in a'Coach, or with a Horse, without going either through the Parishes of Shoreditch or White Chappel.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, and other Passages, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and also for better repairing and widening the Highways and Passages, in the Parish of St. Mathew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Willes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ribble A Petition of the Persons, whole Names are thereunto

Bridge, subscribed, Gentlemen, Land-Owners, and Farmers, in behalf of themselves, and many others, in the Hundred of Blackburney in the County Palatine of Lancaster y was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That there is a Petition presented to the House, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting a publick County Stone Bridge over the River Ribbley between the Town-ships of Penwortham and PreJlony in the said County Palatine, at or near the old Fords and Ferry; and setting forth, That the Charge of building the said proposed Bridge, and making a Rampart necessary for a Passage thereto, which will amount to a very large Sum, is to be levied and raised by a Tax upon the said County Palatine; and that the said proposed Bridge will not be in the Western Port: Road to the Northern Countie-, nor of any VoL. 26.

149

Service or Convenience to the Petitioners, and the greatest Part of the said County; and that there are Three good Fords through the River Ribble, near where the said Bridge is proposed to be built, and, when the same are rendered impassable by Floods or high Tides, there is a good Ferry for Horse and Foot; and that Persons, who do not choose to go over the said Ferry, by going a little more than Two Miles about, come into the great Turn-pike Post Road leading from London to Preston, and any other Place Northward, and have a Passage over the said River at a large Stone Bridge, which is within a Mile, or thereabouts, of the said new intended Bridge, and is now in good Repair, being maintained by the said County Palatine at a very great Charge; and representing the Injustice of an Attempt to burthen the Petitioners, or their Estates, with any Part of the Charge of building the said Bridge, as the Value of their Lands is greatly diminished by the Mortality amongst the horned Cattle, and they can receive no Benefit or Convenience from such new Bridge: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Aldermen, Gentlemert, and others, in the Borough of Wigan, and Land-Owners, and Farmers, in the Townships adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others, of the Hundreds of Ley-land and Derby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; fetcing forth, That there is an ancient large Stone County Bridge over the said River Ribble, within the Distance of One Mile, or thereabouts, from the Place where the new intended Bridge is proposed to be built; and that there are several good Fords, pafiable for Carts and Horses over the said River, except in case of high Tides and Floods, and, at such times, a good Ferry for Horse and Foot near to the Place where the said Bridge is intended to be built; and that there are Two Roads leading froto Ormskirk, in the said County, to Preston aforesaid; the One over Bank Bridge, and from thence to the new intended Bridge at Preston, and the other, leading through the Townships of Eccleston and Walton in le Daley in the said County, over the said ancient County Bridge, to Preston; which last mentioned Road is the better Road, and only One Mile and Three Quarters Statute-Measure, or thereabouts, further than the Road over the said Bank Bridge; and alleging, that there is no Necessity for such new Bridge; and that the Petitioners conceive, the said new Bridge can only be a Conveniency to a small Part of the said County; and that it is a very oppressive Attempt to lay any Part of the Charges thereof upon the respective Estates and Properties of the Petitioners, who will receive no Benefit thereby; and alleging. That no Instance can be given where there are Two County Bridges so near each other: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Clitherow, and Land-Owners and Farmers in the Town-ships adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others of the said Borough, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is an ancient large Stone County Bridge over the said River, within the Distance of One Mile, or thereabouts, from the Place where the new intended Bridge is proposed to be built; that there are several good Fords, pafiable for Carts and Horses, over the said River, except in case of high Tides and Floods, and at such Times a good Ferry for Horse and Foot, near to the Place where the said Bridge is intended to be built; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive the said new Bridge can only be a Conveniency to a small Part of the said County; and that it is a very oppressive Attempt, to lay any Part of the Charges thereof upon the respective Estates and Properties of the Petitioners, who will receive no Benefit thereby; and that no Instance can be given where there are Two County Bridges so near each other; And praying the

Q^q House

Wife

Ribble

Bridge.

Ditto.

>5°

House to take the Premises into Corisideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Couiifel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A. 1751.

Patent prolonged, by Authority of Parliament, the Petitioners apprehend, will have the most mischievous and pernicious Consequences, with regard to several of the important Branches of the British Manufactures: And therefore praying, That the Liberty of making Spelter may, after the Expiration of the Patent, remain free and unrestrained to all the British Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

250 — 26° Martii.

Martha 26° die Martii;

Anno 240 Georgii lldl Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

CricklcyHill, A It R. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom IVl the Bill for repairing the Road from the Top of R°ad. Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogmill, and through the Towns of Burford and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfieldin the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, Wightam, and Botley, to the City of Oxford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Reduaion of Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, interest on a Bill, for reducing the Interestupon the Capital Stock Suck SM South Sea Company, from the Time, and upon

the Terms, therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Crosford Mr. Bold reported from the Committee, to whom the Bridge Road. Bill for repairing the Road from Crosford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee fyid gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Champion's A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Borough

Manufacture of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names of Spelter. are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the enlarging of the T erm granted by his present Majesty’s Letters Patent, to William Champion, for the Making, Using, and Vending, of Spelter, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, in the most sensible and fatal Manner, affect the Manufactures made of Brass, Copper, Prince’s Metal, Bath Metal, (s?c.; and that the Term of Fourteen Years, already granted to the said Patentee, is, by the Petitioners, presumed to be an ample Recompence for all his Trouble and Expence in the Discovery; and that there are other Persons, besides the Patentee, who are well acquainted with the supposed Mystery or Secret of making Spelter; and that, as Monopolies in general have a hurtful and dangerous Tendency, so this Monopoly in particular, if it is confirmed, and the Term in the

Mr. Warburton reported from the Committee, to whom Butt Lane, the Petition of the several Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the

rest of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; (intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Ldwton, and froiyi thence to Hcnshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County) was referred 5 That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ' appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followech; viz.

Ifo prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read:

And Mr. John Cartwright laid before the Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls, and of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof; by which it appeared. That there is now owing, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, One thousand Six hundred Pounds; which cannot be paid, and the Road effectually amended, and kept so, without the aforesaid Act be continued and enlarged; many Parts of the said Road being upon a deep Clay.

Mr. John Beech, and Mr. Thomas Steel, severally said.

That the said Road, being mostly upon a deep Clay, cannot, be effectually amended, and kept so, without a further Continuance of the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Hcnshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County, and for making the said Act more effectual:

And that Mr. Warburton, Mr. Lyster, and Mr. Wilbraham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to Farthing-Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common jt°ne Inclo-Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste sure’ Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Farthingstone, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Greenwich the Petition of the Commissioners, or Governors of the Hospital. Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Ripley Esquire, Surveyor to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, said, That, to complete the Uniformity of the said Hospital, according to a Plan laid before, and approved of by, the House, in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, it is necessary for the Governors thereof to purchase a House and Ground, late in the Occupation of Henry Stanley, the House now empty, and in a ruinous 2 Condition,

24 Geo. II.

Condition, a small Piece of Ground, late belonging to Mary Marsh, and a Piece of Ground, in the Possession of the Trustees of 1Worden College.

Mr. John Evereft, Solicitor to Greenwich Hospital, said, That the said House, and Pieces of Ground, cannot at present be conveyed to the Governors of the said Hospital; the said House, and first-mentioned Piece of Ground, having been formerly mortgaged; and the Heirs at Law to the Mortgager, in whom is the Equity of Redemption, being beyond the Seas, in Parts unknown, or dead, not having been heard of for many Years; and Infants are interested on the Part of the Mortgagee:

That Infantshaving an Interest in the second-mentioned Piece of Ground, and the Trustees of Morden College in the third-mentioned Piece of Ground,

Mr. Fenwick Lydal, who is in Trust for Five Persons, Three now of Age, and Two Infants, who have an Interest in the House and Ground, lately occupied by Henry

Stanley, being examined, said. That as far as he is concerned for the said Persons, he is willing to part with the fame, for a valuable Consideration being paid for it.

Mr. Nicholas Carr, who is in Trust for his Children, who have an Intereil in the Ground lately belonging to Mary Marsh, said. That as far as he is concerned for his Children, he is willing to part with the same for a valuable Consideration being paid for it.

Joseph Brand Esquire, Treasurer to the Trustees of Morden College, said. That the Trustees being informed, that the Governors of Greenwich Hospital wanted the aforesaid Piece of Ground, belonging to them, they met; and are willing to convey the same to the said Governors, for a valuable Consideration, were they impowered so to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to render all Contrafts and Agreements, which shall be i made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal

Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or to-t wards the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid

and effectual, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame: And that Mr. Burrell, and Mr. Hope Weir, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Woodflock An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers Roods, granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enftone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enjlow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and I for making the Act more effectual, was read the Third

‘ time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enftone,

! to Rollright Lane, and from Enjlow Bridge to Kiddington

aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and for making the Act more effectual. j Ordered, That Mr. Rowney do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fteferation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

of Game in the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Sco Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Campbell of Colder, and the Lord Dupplin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jekylTi An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the undivided Twelfth Part of John Jekyll, an Infant, in the real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for1 the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Greenock The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Harlou^ Committee, to whom the Petition of the Managers of the ur* Vol. 26.

5

Town of Greenock's Funds, in behalf of themselves, and of the Mailers, Ship-Masters, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the said Town, and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Fimart, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Cathcart, and Mr. Archibald Maclean, said.

That the Town of Greenock is situate on the River Clyde* and is very convenient for carrying on a foreign and coasting Trade:

That Sir John Schaw Baronet, who is principal Proprietor of the said Town, did, in the Year 1705, by a voluntary Subscription of the Inhabitants, begin to make a Harbour there; which is, although not completed, the moll commodious Harbour in North Britain, and capable of containing near 200 Sail of Ships; but that several Works are necessary to be done, in order to complete and preserve the said Harbour:

That the said Town of late is become very populous; and that the Managers of the Town Funds have, with the Consent of the said Sir John Schaw, made a new Parish, wherein is a Meeting-House, which they have endowed with a competent Stipend, raised by voluntary Subscription of the Inhabitants:

That there is now extremely wanted, in the said Town, a new Church, a publick School, a House for the Reception of poor Inhabitants, with proper Market-Places; but that the fame, together with the necessary Works to complete the said Harbour, will cost a considerable Sum of Money; and that, from the small Revenue of the said Town, the said Works, though so extremely necessary, cannot be carried into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Parc of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within, the Town of Greenock, and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Fimart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Hope Weir, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according Weltori to Order, a Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for Incl°rurc" inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Welton, in the County of York, and for settling a yearly Sum on the Vicar, in lieu of Tythes, and other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick be added to the Coni- Lawsrefpea*. mittee, who are appointed to revise and consider of the ing High-general Laws in being, which relate to the Amending, and wa/s-Keeping in Repair, of the Highways of that Parc of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, ' or Amendment, of the said Laws.

Mr. James Grenville, from the Commissioners for American Trade and Plantations, presented to the House (pursuant Colonial to their Adddrefs to his Majesty) ra e*

N°. 1. Copy of a Memorial from the Lieutenant-General, Council, and Assembly, of the Island of Antigua, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade carried on by the Britifto Northern Colonies in America, with the foreign Sugar Colonies.

N*. 2. Copy of a Memorial from the Lieutenant-General, Council, and Assembly, of the Island of Saint Chri-stopbers, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations,

relating

i 6° Martii.


152 26° — 270 . 1751.

relating to the Trade carried on by the British Northern Colonies in America, with the foreign Sugar Colonies.

N°. 3. Copy of all the Proceedings had, and the-State of the viva voce Evidence taken, before the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, in the Year 1750, relating to the Trade carried on by the British Northern Colonies, with the foreign Sugar Colonies.

To which are annexed,

APPENDIX.

N*. 1. Copy of a Memorial of the Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, interested in, and trading to, the Sugar Colonies, relating to the illicit Trade carried on from the Northern Colonies, to the French, and other Sugar Colonies.

2. Letter from Mr. Wood, Secretary of the Commissioners of the Customs, to Mr. Fownall, dated 2id November 1750.

3. An Account of the Value of Goods exported from England to the Northern Colonies, distinguishing each 'Colony respectively, betwixt the Years 1720 and 1730, and betwixt the Years 1738 and 1748.

4. Copy of an Account of the Amount of Duties paid in the Northern Colonies, upon the Importation of Rum, or Spirits, Melasses, or Syrups, Sugar, and Paneles,of the Growth and Produce of any foreign Settlements, from the Year 1733, to the present Time, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the 6th of his present Majesty, for the better encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, distinguishing each Year; also how much of the said Duties was received on Merchandize, and how much on Prizes.

5. Copy of an Account of the Amount of the Duties paid in the Northern Colonies, upon the Importation of Rum, Spirits, Melasses, Syrups, Sugar, and Paneles, of the Growth and Produce of any foreign Settlements, from the Year 1733 to the present Time, in pursuance of the Act passed in the 6th of his present Majesty, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, distinguishing each Colony; and

also how much of the said Duties was received on Merchandize, and how much on Prizes.

6. Copy of a Paper delivered by Mr. John Sharp, containing Proposals humbly submitted to the Consideration of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, by the British Sugar-Planters and Merchants, for preventing the destrudive Trade, carried on by British North America, to the foreign Sugar Colonies.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be called over upon this House. Day Three Weeks, the 16th Day of April next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Complaint The several Orders of the Day, for taking into Confi-again 11 Ge-. deration the Papers which have been presented to the Srufhw"" m ^is Session of Parliament, relating to General

ru er* Anjlrutber, and for the Attendance of the said General

Anjlruther, in his Place, were read;

And the said General Anjlruther appeared in his Place.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 18th Day of April next.

Tythc of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Hops, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Hop Planters, residing in and near the City of Canterbury, and other Places, in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves and others; and also of the several other Petitions relating to the Tythe of Hops;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month’,

the 23d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Peti^ tions.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bill to prowhole House, upon the Bill for granting certain Privileges "?otc Mar' to poor married Persons, to promote Marriage, for the msc' Increase of his Majesty’s Subjects.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thornton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Sjjmbm: }

Tellers foe he No*f*%£* a

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that 40 Members were not prefenr;*

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurtiy 270 die Martii;

Anno 24° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

MR. fVilJon reported from the Committee, to whom wilson’* the Bill to enable John Fenwick, lately called John Name. Wilson, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick, and Nicholas Fenwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Sejb^ mittee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending so Roads, much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Half ax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor, through Kid Hall Lane, over Winmoor, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Holton Dyall' where it comes into the abovesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds, is committed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, Agent Account c to the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Scot- Bounties c land, attended at the Door; Importatu

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the imo ot 3 House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the several Bounties paid on Importations in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for-Seven Years last past, ended at Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Goods: And also.

An

Usee

24 Geo. II. 270 Martii. 153

Accounts of . An Account of the Amount of the Customs on Brandy, Duties on and other Spirituous Liquors, imported into that Part of Brandy, &c. Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1746, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Inland Duties paid upon foreign Spirits imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1746, to Christmas 1750; and also the several Sorts of Spirits, and Quantities, for which the same were paid: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Low Wines, and Spirits extracted in Scotland, from Midsummer 1743, to Midsummer 1750: And also,

An Account of the Duties arising from the Excise on Beer and Ale, in Scotland, from Midsummer 1720, to Midsummer 1730.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Preston, &c. The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Townships of Bartony Goo/nargb, Inglewhite, and Wittingham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereuntofubferibed, on behalfof themselves andotherln-habitants of the said several Townships, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster^nA from thence to a Place called Hetr-big Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and West-morlandy is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Lane or Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Broughton, to a certain Place called Duxton Deany in Barton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; at or near which Place, the Two Roads from Inglewhite and Goo/nargb Church, to Preston aforesaid, meet or join.

Mington Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the church. Bill to enable the Parishioners of Saint Mary IflmgtoHy in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

Reduction of A Bill for reducing the Interest upon the Capital Stock Interest on of the South Sea Company, from the Time, and upon the Sooth Sea Terms, therein to be mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Queensfrrry, Colonel Hadlane reported from the Committee, to &c.Road; whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Town-Council,

and other Inhabitants, of the Burgh of g>ueensferry} in Vol. 26.

the County of linlithgoto> and of the Freeholders, Here*' 1

tors, and others, refilling, and having Interest near, and adjoining to, the said Burgh, whose Names are thereunto subjoined, was referred; That the Committee had examined tke Matter of the said Petition; arid had directed him to report the fame, as It appeared to them, to the House; and he fread the Report in his Place; and afien* wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followech; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Lieutenant James Masterton was examined; who feid.

That he is well acquainted with the Road mentioned in the Petition, which is in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous to Travellers; that the same is much frequented; and that it is impossible it should be repaired, by the Laws in force, for repairing Highways in that Part of the united Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir William Calvert presented to the House, according Colonial Bills to Order, a Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of of Credit. Credit, in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Iflandy and Providence Plantations, Comeflicuty the Maf*

Jachu/ets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders, in Payments of Money: And the fan^e was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Land- Ribble Owners, in the Forest of Ro/cridale, and Parts adjacent, Bn<tee> in the Hundred of Blackburn, on behalf of themselves, and many others of the said Forest, in the County Pa* latine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for erecting a publick County Bridge over the River Ribbley between the Townfhtpsof Preston and Pen-wortham, in the said County Palatine, at or near the Fords in the said River, and a Ferry over the fame, and forraifing Money upon the said County, for defraying the Expence thereof, and of the Ramparts, belonging thereto; and setting forth. That there is an ancient large Stone County Bridge over the said River, within the Distance of One?

Mile, or thereabouts, from the Place where the new-intended Bridge is proposed to be built; and that there are several good Fords passable for Carts and Horses, over the said River (except in case of high Tides and Floods, and at such Times a good Ferry for Horse and Foot) near to the Places where the said Bridge is intended to be built; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive the said new Bridge can only be a Conveniency to a small Part of the said County; and that it is a very oppressive Attempt, to1 lay any Part of the Chargesfchcreof upon the respective Estates and Properties of the Petitioners, who will receive no Benefit thereby; and further setting forth, That within Twelve or Fourteen Years last past the Petitioners have, at their own private Expence, built, within the said Forest, over the Fords and Rivers, in the publick Highways,

Twelve Bridges, which are now maintained at such their Expence, and no Charge to the Hundred or County, in regard the said Bridges are near or adjoining to their own Estates; and therefore further alleging, That if the intended new Bridge is to be built, it ought to be done at the Expence of such Gentlemen as will have an Advantage thereby, and not charged upon the whole County 5 and that no Instance can be given, where there are Two County Bridges so near each other: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be head by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords;, Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for re- Bill for alter-gulating the Commencement of the Year, and for cor- ing the Style.

R r resting

1&

Importation

©fCambric*.

Barlow's

Estate.

Ways and Means.

Exceffire Use oi Spirits.

Accounts.

Corn exported.

Cambricks

imported.

Cotton imported.

Stave rton Inclosure.

*54

2 70 — r2 8° Martii. 4*75

resting the Calendar now in ufc; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday the 20th Day of this Instant March, for the House to resolve kfelfinto a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and -Dealers in Linen, of the Cities of London and Westminster^ and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto fub-lcribed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refobved, That this House will, upon Friday Three Weeks the 19th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee Tomorrow, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Three Weeks.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of George Barlow Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Part of his Estate, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° die Martii;

Anno 24° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1751. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenjordy from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Corn, distinguishing the Species thereof, exported from England, from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Bounty payable thereon; and also the Names of the Ports, from and to which the same were exported: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cambricks imported, and exported, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1744, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Cotton, imported into England, from Christmas 1730,10 Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Lyjler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, witthin the Parish and Manor of Stanton, otherwise Sta~ vertony in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

‘Rejolvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

> The Lord Lnxhorough presented for the House, accord- Golden ing to Order, a Bill to enable the present and future Pro- Square Itn. prietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Golden Squarey Provcinent-in the Parish of St. James Westminster, in the Counry of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient for the better inclosing, paving, enlightening, and adorning, the said Square, and supportigg and keeping the same in Repair, for the future:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill to enable John Fenwick, lately called W;]son*» John Wilson, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take Naa,c* the Name, and bear the Arms, of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fen-wicky was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable John Fenwick, lately called John Wijcn, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fenwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill for aW-for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for »ng^Style. correcting the Calendar now in ufc, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Hop Planters residing in and near Tythcof the County of Suffolk, and other Places in the County HoP4-of Sujjolky on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are at a very great Expence, in the Raising, Planting, Poling, and annual Cultivation, of their Flop-Grounds, and in picking and drying their Hops; and have, besides, constantly paid a considerable Duty of One Penny perPound, charged by Law upon all Hops, towards the publick Service; and that, by reason of these great Expences, the Petitioners are unable to pay the Tythes of Hops in Kind; and have therefore been accustomed to pay a yearly Composition in lieu thereof; with which the several Persons intitled thereto were always satisfied; but that of late Tythe in Kind hasactually been taken of several of the Petitioners, and demanded of others; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive this Demand will be infilled upon, and become general, if not prevented by the Legislature; and representing to the House, That the present Method of taking the Tythe of Hops in Kind, will not only be attended with the most fatal Consequences to the Petitioners, by ruining, in a great measure, their Plantations, but must also greatly discourage and diminish the Planting of Hops in general; whereby great Numbers of poor Families, who constantly depend upon, and are employed in the Hop-Grounds in this Kingdom, will be deprived of their Support; the V alue of a considerable Part of the Wood-lands, and other Lands of this Country, be greatly affected; and the Publick lose, in great measure, the Benefit of that, at present, very considerable Branch of the Revenue, arising from the Duty upon Hops: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Hop Planters, residing in and near the City of Canterbury and ocher Places, in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves, and others, and also the several. other Petitions relating to the Ty the of Hops, are % referred. j

1

An ingossed Bill, for enabling James Langston, for- Haughton'i merly called James Houghton, and his Heirs, to use the Name.

Surname,

24 Geo. II. 28° — 29

Surname, and bear the Family Arms, of Langston, pursuant to the Will of James Langston, his Uncle, deceased, was read che Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling James Langston, formerly called James Haugbton, and his Heirs, to the Surname, and bear the Family Arms, of Langston, pursuant to the Will of James Langston, his Uncle, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Belcbier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Peer’s Ordered, That Mr. Watjoti, Sir Henry Marshall, Mr.

Estates. Revell, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Younge, Sir Boucbier Wrey, Mr. Chester, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Mellish, be added to the Committee, to whom the in-grofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Capital Messuage at Bromley, and diver* Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Middlesex- and Essex, late the Estate of Sir Charles Peers Knight, deceased, some time since One of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for purchasing another Estate to be settled to the Uses of his Will, is committed.

Lmrefpe£fc- Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr.

ing Felonies. Cooke, be added to the Committee, who are appointed to revise and consider the Laws in being which relate to Felonies, and other Offences, against the Peace j and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws.

Yitton In- Mr. Tray presented to the House, according to Order, dosure. a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tatton, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Crosford An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from Crosford iidgc Road. Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. L. 29. To leave out " Four/* and insert u Two."

Pr. 24. L. 39. To leave out " May," and insert June."

Pr. 27. L. 27. After <c having," to insert " an Estate." L. 28. To leave out " Thousand," and insert " Hundred."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from Crosford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir "Thomas Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Poreign ordered, Tf\2X the ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing foreign Protestants Protestants, be read the Third time, upon Tuesday Fort-Nat* night, the 16th Day of April netft.

NirNatiga- Ordered, That Mr. Uoyd be added to the Committee,

tion» to whom the Bill for making the River Nor navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westaere, in the County of Norfolk, is committed.

Complaint Ordered, That Brigadier-General Offarel, do attend

against Gen. this House upon this Day three Weeks, the 18th Day of Aottruther. jfpril next, being the Day appointed for taking into Consideration the Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Lieutenant General Anstruther.

Vol. 26.

Mdrtii. rjg

Ordered, That Robert Royd Esquil'e do attend this, House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major BigoAtmstrong do attend this House, at the same Time. ‘

Ordered, That Lieutenant-Colonel Borgard Micbelfon do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major George Williamfcn do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Archibald Pdtoun do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Patrick M(Kcllar do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Moody Esquire do attend* this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Clegborn do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Abraham Godfrey do attend this House, at the same Time. \ '

Ordered, That Lieutenant Thomas Simmonds do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Peter Dumas do attend ttiis‘ House, at che same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Crofton Esquire do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John D'Acofta, Notary Publick-, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Doctor Juan Company do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Doctor Francisco Caules do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Senior Antonio Caules do attend this House, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vetteris, 29° die Mart it;

Anno 240 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

A B ILL for confirming Articles of Agreement for in- DunfbyTn-closing and dividing the Common Fields, Meadows, ciolure, &c. and Common Fen, in the Manor and Parish of Dunfby, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. lVbichcott General Oglethorpe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Sir John Custy Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Vyner, Lord Downe, Mr. Wilkin-'

Jon, Lord Harley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr Sandys, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. -Trencbard\ Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Mordaunt,

Mr. Thornhaghy Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Geo. Townfbendy Mr. La/celles,

Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Kent, iVir. Hardinge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Norfolk, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A11 ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the Top CnckleyHifl, of Crickley-Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogmtll, &c. Road, and through the Towns of Burford and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfteld, in the Parish of Kidhngton, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford > was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 12. After " Wanleyf to insert<f William ‘c Whitmore Esquire."

Pr. 21. L. 36. To leave out u County," and insert <c Counties and after " Oxford," to insert " or <c Berks "

Pr. 22.

Trade of

American

Colonies.

Bethnal

Green

Streets.

Dividing Parishes in Bristol.

156 290 Martii. / A. 1751-

Pr. 22. L. pt. To leave out " County," and insert

Counties." c

Pr. 57. L. 30. To.leave put " County," and insert cc‘ Counties " and after " Oxford" to insert cc or " Berks" .;v.

L. 33. To leave out " County," and insert " Counties?" and after " Oxford," to insert " or "Berks"

JL. 35. To leave out <c‘feme County," apd insert ct said Counties, or either of thcrn, the said Coun-<c ties of Oxford and Berks"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question feyp.rally pyt thereupon, agreed to, by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refel%edx That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley-1M ifuhe County of Gloucester to Frogg-Milland through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill Co the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Bolan Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Province of Massachusetts Bay, in New England, was presented to the House, and read? setting forth. That by an Act passed in the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, a Duty of $s. per Hundred was laid upon all foreign Sugars, Nine Pence per Gallon on all foreign Rum, and Six Pence per Gallon on all foreign Melasses, that should, after the 25th Day of December 1733, be imported into any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America ? and that the British Sugar Colonies do not produce Rum, Sugar, and Melasses, sufficient for the Consumption of Great Britain, and the BrUish Northern Colonies, and their Fisheries, and are not able to take off and consume the Lumber and Provisions which the British Northern Colonies have to spare; and that the Prices of British Rum, Sugar, and Melasses, have greatly increased since the passing of the said Act; and reciting Part of a Petition of the British Sugar Planters, and others, which hath been presented to this House, and which complains of the said Northern Colonies? and alleging, That the said Province of Massachusetts Bay, one of the Northern Colonies, hath not had any Opportunity of being informed of the said Complaint: And therefore, as the Petitioner is Agent for the said Province, praying the House, That he may be at Liberty to be heard, in Defence of the said Province, against the groundless and injurious Charges contained in the said Petition? and that the House will be pleased to take into tlfeir Consideradon the State of his Majesty’s Northern and Sugar Colonies, with respect to the said Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign 5 or that the House will give such other Relief in the Premises, as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee, Upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for cieanfing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, and other Passages, and regulating the nightly Watch and Bedels, and also for the better repairing and widening the Highways and Passages in the Parish of Saint Mathew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received? and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chester presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for dividing the out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacoby in the County of Gloucester, and for erecting a Parish Church therein: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office? and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants: And that Sir RichardLJoyd, and Mr. Attorney-General, do prepare,* and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve'itself in to a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 17th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Interest upon the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, from the Time, and upon the Terms, therein to be mentioned?

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds committed by the Officers and Servants of the said Company.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ? which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards, and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Leyborne, formerly called William Leybomc . Baylor y to take and use the Surname of Leyborne only, and bear the Coat of Arms of the Family of Leyborne, pursuant to Will of his Uncle, William Leyborne, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.'

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes have Leave to make a Motion, it being Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And a Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Darlingtony in the County of Durham, through Cockerton, to Swan-House, thence up Broom Dikes Lane, and through the East End of West Aukland, and from thence to Saint Helen's Aukland, and from thence to Greenfield, in the said. County of Durham, and through the West End of West Aukland, over the River Gaundlefs, to David Jackson's House, on Rayley-Fell, in the said County of Durham; and also the High Road leading from Pierce Bridge, in the County of Durham, to Legg's Cross, at the Head of Bilderfhaw, in the said County? was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Vane, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Watson, Mr. Wilson> Mr. Ridley, Mr. Neale, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Torke, Colonel Vane, Mr. Hale, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wright, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Chester, Mr. Hay, Lord Strange, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Proby, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Laroche,

1 Mr.




Protection of Justices, &c.

Supply.

Reduction of Interest on South Sea Stock,

Taylor’s

Name.'

Darlington

Road.

24 Geo. II 290 Martii — i° Aprilis.

Mr. Townshend, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir John Barrington, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Lambton, Six Wm. Blacket, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Zi^/ Pilkington, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir John Cust, Mr. Barry, Mr. Tempcft, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Burrelly Mr. Burrard> Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Chester, Mr. Lloyd} Mv.Thomhagh, Mr. Norris; and all the Members who ferveTor the Counties of Durham, TV*, Northumberland\ Cumberland, West-norland, and Lancaster: And they: are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche have Leave to make a Motion: V j

And he moved the House accordingly:

African Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Corn-Company. mittee, to whom the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed the last.Stffion, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa 5 and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England-, and alfd the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bona, side. Creditors of the said Company; and also the Papers, which were presented to this House upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade, and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, are referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Legb have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Taylor’s And an ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Name. Act to enable William Ley borne, formerly called William Leybome Taylor, to take and use the Surname of Leybome only, and bear the Coat of Arms of the Family of Ley-borne, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle William Leybome, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 1° die Aprilis;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

Jekyll’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

tc* J\. for vesting the undivided Twelfth Part of John

Jekylly an Infant, in the real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montagu, Mr. Compton, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Hilly Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Medlicoty Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Alderman Bet bell, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fane, Lord Barrington, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. West, Mr. Wilfony Mr. Bickford, Mr. Gulflon, Mr. Popham, Mr. Burrelly Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Myddeltcn, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Car ter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Robinson, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Barbory Sir Thomas Robinson, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Williams, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hay, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Greatheedy Mr. Farrington, Mr. Sydenham, Admiral Bofcawen y Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hume, Mr. Bris-toWy Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Cocks-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Surry, Northampton, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fnterWt?n°f Mr. Fane> according to Order, reported from the Corn-South Sea mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing Stock. Vol. 26.

the interest upon the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, from the Time, and upon the Terms, therein to be mentioned, was committed, the Amendments wlii^h the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bil), with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one.by one; and, upon the Question (eve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments_be ingrafted. ::

A; Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, withir* the Parish and Manor of Stareton, otherwjfi? Sta-vert<m,\n the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster^, Mr. Butler, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Compton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Barborx Mr. Montagu, Mrv Sa-lufbury, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Willes, Colonel Bofcawen, Sir John Cust, Sir feter Warren, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Acourt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr., Sydenham, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hill, M r. Bay tun, Mr. Townshend, Mrs Hardinge, Sir John Irby, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bold, Mr. Chester, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Drake, Sir Thomas Eger ton, Mr Gray, Mr. Grove, Mr. Gwynn, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Pylts, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Thornton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Powney, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bacon, Lord Parker, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Barry,. Mr. Popham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Watson, Mr. Carmichael, Colonel Holmes, Commodore 'Mitchell, Lord Henry Powlett, Sir Edward Hawke, Sir John Turner -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants of Liverpool, and the Proprietors of Brine and Rock Salt, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That this valuable Commodity has produced great Wealth to this Nation, as well as a very considerable Revenue to his Majesty; and that great Quantities of Salt are exported from that, and other Ports in Great Britain, to Ireland, to our Colonies in America, as well as to foreign Parts; but that the Laws relating to the Exportation of Salt are very defective, and often attended with great Loss and Difficulties to his Majesty’s Subjects, particularly in these Articles, wherein there is no proper Provision made for Salt shipped to Ireland, and loft in the Port where it is shipped; nor for the fame, when Part is destroyed and loft by Stress of Weather at Sea; nor for Salt loft in Barges and Boats, that bring it down the Rivers where it is made, to be shipped for Exportation} nor for Salt shipped for foreign Parts, and loft in the Port where it is laden on board; nor for Salt shipped to foreign Parts, where a Ship meets with Damage at Sea, and is forced back; and that the Proofs, required by Law in case of such Loss, are attended with great Expence and Difficulty, and very often impossible to be complied with, whereby his Majesty’s Subjects are liable to great Losses and Ruin: Ant} therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and (late to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Salusbury, Mr. West, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Townsend, Mr. HtU, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fane, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Colleton, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Carter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Vane, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Aiflabie, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Willes, Sir John Turner, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Mor-S f daunt.

Staverton,

Indofurek

Exportation of Salt.

A.

11751.

Mercer's Ckfoipany*s Eft ate.

Lawjrespecting Felonies.

Ear! of Eg-niont’* Estate.

&kinl, 'Mr. fi^rfer/Lord Bupplht, Mr. Bower, SJr: Pui&r Warren, Mr. Ptciife. Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Compton^ Mj\ Lyftkr, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Lc&gpl' MK Colond Legh, Mr: Geo. Townshend, ‘ Sir Lytidb ChtttiPy' Mr. Bacon, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Med At 01, Mf. Hmifi Sir’ CW*/ Firehrace, Mr. Robinson, Mh £a-f0a>£ Mr; Thornhagh, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Farrington-, and1 ail rthe Members whb‘ferve for tfhe’ Co<inries of Latte after, Chester, Worcester, Cumberland, and Northumberland: And t!iey are to meet tfite Afternoon atf Fifre of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber i And Have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Tv/enty-first Year of the Reign of his;present Majeffy, 'fntiAlcd, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercer's *of the City 0(London, and for other Purposes therein Mentioned, was read a Second time. '

*' ’Refched, That t(re Bill be committed to Mr. Prowji, 'Mr. Nugent, Sir John Cust, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lyster, Sir FrannsPooIe,$Av. Compton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Faxd-kerley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Hill, Mr. South-well, Mr. Wtlfon, Mr. Hume Campbell, h^r. Whichcpt, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Rockford, Mr. WH-' k inf on, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. P/umptre, Lo rdf Dupptihp S i r Francis Brake, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr,-‘Hbfifyn,‘Lord Harley, Mr. Gulft&n, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Limerick, Lord Strange, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Willes, Mr, Robinfoft, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gray, Sir ’ John Aldy, Mr: Laroche, Mr. Hume, Mr. Geb. Towtijheyd, Mr. Carter, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Affleck, Adrrntal Bof-%caweft, Sir Peter Warren, Mrt Pophatn, MrLockyer, Mr. Gildaft, Mr. Shuftleworth, Mr. Alderman* Baker,

Mr. Mtnidy, Mr.. Pytts, Colpnel Holmes', Mr. Legge, Mr. GoriS Sit Charley Mor daunt, Colonel Accurt, Sir Cor del Firehrace, Mr. Webb, Sir John Turner, Mr. Grove, Mr. Gwyim, ColOnel Leighton, Mr. Lowndes, *Mf. Bold,; Mr. Chester, Mr. Powney, Mr. Richards Mr. 'Tdaffe, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Peachey,.Mr. Pitt, Mr. Clarke, Commodore MitlheUySxf John Barrington, Mr. Tnckfield, Mr. Newn-ham, Mr. Bond;' Mr. Barry, Mr. Darner, Mr. Aiftabil, Loid Hillsborough, Mr. Phillip/oti, Sir Thomas Moftyii, Mr. Warburton, Lore\rEgmont-, and alt the Members who fci ve for the City of London and the County oiMiddlesex: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Page be added to the Committee, who are appointed to revile and consider the Laws in being which relate to Felonies, and other Offences against the Peace; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the laid Laws.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act Act for vesting divers Lands, Tenements, arid Hereditaments, in the County of Corke, in the Kingdom of Ireland, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Egmont, in him and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses of that Settlement, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robin-Jon, Mr. Martin, Sir John Cust, Mr. Popham, Mr. Lyster, Lord Harley, Mr. Kynaston, MtV Colleton, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Hill, Mr. Baibuirft, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Prowse, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Town* Jhend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Compton, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Moun-tagu, Mr. Sydenham, Doctor Lee, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cocks, Sir Cor del Firehrace, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Wright, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Conyers, Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Best, Mr. Boone, Mr. Powney, Lord Inchequin, Mr. Willes, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Potter, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cole-brook, Lord Gage, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Lock, Mr.

Lambe, Mr. Allgood, Lprdr Limerick, Colonel L,ce. Lord ^Robert Sutton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hamilton, Mr., Lockyer, Mn Ndrthey, Mr. Bwglass, xSir Nicholas Bayley* Sir. E£-wafd'Bteriugr M r. Which cot,' M t. Briftaw, Sir Conyers, Darcy, Mr. Fellowes, I Me Williams, Mr. Amy and, Nlr. Alderman Beth ell, MV. L&fceUes, Sir Hen. Munro, Mr* Medctilfe; Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Stott, Mr. Compton, Sir Hem Erskine; and all the Members, who serve for Che Counties of Kent and Somerset r And they! are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the: Speaker's Chamber.

Hatton Inclosure.

Mr. JVilkinfon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming Articles of Agredment,for inclosing the Common Pastures and Common Grounds within the Manor of Hutton Bushell, in the County of York, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,'to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except John Ripley, William Troft, and William Cafs, who have only Ten Oxgangs and Five Messuages or Cottages; and that the whole are One hundred and Ten Oxgangs and Seventy Messuages or Cottages* and that the said John Ripley and William Trott had the said Articles tendered to them to sign, but refused; and said, they would not oppose it; that William Cafs had been apprized of the intended Iri-closure, and of the Articles of Agreement for inclosing the said Common and that Notice had been fenc to his Agent- in *be Country, that a Bill was ordered to be brought into the House for confirming the said Articles ofrAgteertient; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill *) and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

' ' Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Deductionf the 15th Day of March last, that the proper Officer or ^rom Officers do lay before this House, Lifts of all the Com- Half-Fay,&c. million and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, from whose Whole and Half-Pay the Sum of Three Pence in the Pound hath been deducted, together with an Account of the Pay and Half-Pay of Inch Officers, from the 30th of August 1740 to the^och of August 1750, distinguisti-ing each Year* might be read:

'And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Dice*.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers dolay before this House, an Account of the Abatement of Three Pence per Pound, of the Pay and Half-Pay of the several Commission and Warrant Officers belonging to his Majesty’s Royal Navy, from the 30th of August 1740 to the 30th of August 1750, distinguishing v/hat Parc thereof has been abated upon each Ship, with the Ship’s Name and the Time when the Pay ended; what Part on the Yard-Books, distinguishing each Yard and likewise what Part from the Pay of the Flag Officers, the Pensions of the superannuated Sea Officers, and from the Officers on Half-Pay, distinguishing their Names and Pay.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay ^oant of before this House, an Account of the Number of fictitious ^sMpV. "

Men, that have been allowed to be borne on the Books Booksf of his Majesty’s Ships of War, for the Benefit of the Sea Officers Widows, from the 30th of August 1740 to the 30th of August 1750, distinguishing each Year* and how many have been borne on each Ship, and the Amount of the Wages and Victualling of such Men by the Month and the Year, for the like Time.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for and on Colonial BUI behalf of the Governor and Company of the English Co- of Credit, lony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations in New England, in America, was presented to the House, and read* reciting Part of the Charter under the Great Seal,

4 granted

24 Geo. II. I6

*59

granted to the said GoVerhor and Company in the 15th Year of King Charles the Second and also reciting {eve*-' ral Proceedings of the said Colony, in relation to the I filling and Calling in of Bills of Credit; and alleging, That sundry Persons in Rhode J/landdid+ as the Petitioner is informed, on the 4th of September last, privately sign a Petition to his Majesty, and caaafed’ the same to be laid before the Lords Commissioners. of his Majesty's Treasury, and obtained a Reference thereof to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, and lbme Report upon such Petition, but without Hearing of, or any theleaft Notice of such Application to, the find Governor and Company in Rhode Island, or to the Petitioner, who has been their publick Agent here for about Thirty-five Years past, fa that neither the said Colony, nor the Petitioner, as their Agent, have hitherto had any Opportunity of answetring such Petition, or the partial Representations therein contained; and that, after such Report had been obtained, about Twenty one Persons, stiling themselves Merchants of London trading to Rhode J/land, have cran-feribed in Substance the said private Petition, which came over from Rhode Island, urging the same Fadls, and in the very same Terms and Expreftions; and have turned tfye Direction, Title, and Player of :^he said Rhode Island Petition, into a PctiDioFv to this House; charging Rhode J/land with undutiful Behaviour,- and praying for Parliamentary Relief; and further aBegiOg, That i! the Bill depending in the House, to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty'sColortfes of Plantations of Rhode JJlarid'M\& Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Majfa-chkjets Bay, and New Hampshire; in America, and to prevent the same from being legal Tenders in Payments of Money should pass into a Law, the Petitioner apprehends, the same would affect the said Charter, and some of the most valuable Privileges thereby granted to the Inhabitants of the Laid Colony; under the Faith whereof they, at the Hazard of their Lives and Estates, purchased, settled, improved, and defended the said Colony, have, rendered many good Services to their Mother Country, and on all Occasions shewn a pundlual and ready Obedience to the Pleasure of the Crown, and of this House; and that the said Colony will be brought into great Distress, and the People there di fabled from carrying on any useful Trade, Commerce, or Business, and consequently the Call for British Manufactures be greatly lessened: And therefore, in behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Colony, who are not only misrepresented by some of their own Brethren, but wholly unacquainted with their Application/. and have not been heard to the fame, though so greatly to be affected thereby, praying the House to permit the Petitioner to be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, and also to represent the true State of the said Colony, so far as he is able, before the said Bill do pass; or that the House will afford such other Relief in the Premises, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, ‘until the said Kill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon WedeJday Fortnight, the 17 th Day of this instant April.

Lawsrefpsft- S*r R*chard Lloyd reported from the Committee, aping Felonies, pointed to revise and consider the Laws in being which relate to Felonies, and other Offences against the Peace; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as to the Defcdls, the Repeal, or Amendment of the said Laws; That the Committee had considered some of the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Vo l. 26.

Resolved, That it is the (Opinion of this Committee, That the Watch within the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and such Parts of the Parishes of St. Clem&nfs Danes and St. Alary le Strand, as lie within the Duchy of Lancaster, and within the several Parishes of St. Andrew Holbourn above the Bars, St. George the Martyr, SI. George Bloomsbury, and St. Giles in thi Fieldsy is defective, either as to Number, Strength, or Diligence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is not a sufficient Power to make and raise Rates for the Watch, within the Places above-mentioned.

Resolved, Thac it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Salaries paid to Watchmen are too small to induce able-bodied Men to undertake that Service; and th£ Watching all and every Night makes it impossible for industrious Handicraftsmen or Manufadhirers, to accept of being employed as Watchmen; but that, if the Duty and Pay were divided, it might be worth while for laborious People to undertake it, as it would not hinder them from following their own Occupations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision should be made for raising and enforcing the Payment of Money for maintaining an able Watch, with in the several Parishes and Places aforesaid, where there is not sufficient Power at present to raise Money for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in the Parishes, where they have Watch Rates by Acts of Parliament, it should. be lawful for the Justices, at their Quarter-Sessions, on Complaint made by a competent Number of substantial Inhabitants, that there is a Deficiency in the Number or Strength of the Watchmen, to order such additional Number as to them shall appear to be reasonable; and to order a Rate, not exceeding a certain Sum in the Pound, over and above what they are now impowered to raise by their Watch Acts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Watchmen be always ready to attend the Constable in going round the Parish, and to guard Ptifoners, over and above such as shall have particular Walks assigned them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Constables, Watchmen, or any of them, have Power, and be authorized, to take up, and secure in their Round-House, all and every suspicious Person or Persons, that they shall find loiteringand lurking about the Streets, Pafifages, and Alleys, and do not give a iatisfadlory Account of him, her, or themselves, though he, she, or they, are not actually in the Commission of any Breach of the Peace, and carry such Person or Persons, so taken up, before a Justice of the Peace, as loon as conveniently may be, who shall, irt case no satisfactory Account is given to him, commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction as Vagrants.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniort^of this Committee, That in order to induce Parishes to do their Duty, in preventing the Outrages which have become so frequent of late, and are grown to so enormous a Height, that, in case any Robbery shall be committed, or any Person affaulted, with an Attempt to be robbed, in any of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, or other Passages, Fields, or other open Places, within the Bills of Mortality, that such Person, 1b robbed or foafiaulted, shall, without Delay, give Information thereof before a Justice of the Peace, who shall be required immediately to fend his Warrant to the Churchwarden, Overseer, or Constable, requiring him or them to publish and advertise, in some One of the daily Papers, for Two Days together, a Reward to be paid upon the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders or any of them, to the Person or Persons who shall take, or cause to be taken and convicted, such Offender or Offenders, in such Proportions as shall be directed by the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted; which Sum, together with the Charge of Prosecution, shall be paid out of the Poor Rates of the Parish, wherein such Robbery or Afiault shall be committed.

Resolved,

160 i° — i° Apri 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the effectual and expeditious Punishment of all such Constables, Beadles, and Watchmen, as shall misbehave in the Execution of their respective Duties.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Richard Lloyd and the Master of the Rolls, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Trade of Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three

American Weeks, the and Day of this instant April, resolve itself o ome». into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others trading to, and interested in, his Majesty's Sugar Colonies.

Ordered, That James Warren Merchant, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That George Bellas Esquire, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That William Limbury Merchant, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain David Brodie do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain Edward Hughes do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain Clarke Gay ton do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Philip Pinnock Esquire, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That James Ord Esquire, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That William Whitaker Merchant, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Richard Maitland Merchant, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Thomas Mead Esquire, do then attend the Taid Committee.

Ordered, That Peter Soulegre Esquire, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Drury Ottley Esquire, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Bazwin do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Francis Philips Merchant, do then attend the said Commictee.

Ordered, That George Hinde Esquire, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Samuel Touchette Merchant, do then attend the said Comm^tee.

Ordered, That Richard Oliver Esquire, do then attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno.24° Georgii lldl Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

Earl Cow- yf R. Colleton reported from the Committee, to whom per*s Estate, XVjL the ingrosstd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for charging divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City of London and County of Hertford, Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, with raising Money towards defraying the Expences of rebuilding the said Houses in London, burnt down and deft royed by Fire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Lyfler reported from the Committee, to whom PWdeli’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for 'Elute* Sale of the Estate late of Edmund Pleydell Esquire, in Gloucestershirey and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parries concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Mackenfie reported from the Committee, to whom Du chefs of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Argyll enable the most noble jane Duchess Dowager of Argyll Leaiing« and Greenwich to grant Leases of the Ground, and repairing Leases of the Houses and Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Will of John late Duke of Argyll and Greenwich deceased, was committed; That the Committee hah examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their.Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. f

Ordered, That Jacob Sharpy of Canterbury; do, upon Tytheof this Day Three Weeks, the 23d of this instant April, Hops, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Hop Planters residing in and near the City of Canterbury, and other Places, in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves, and others; and also the 5 several other Petitions, relating to the Tythe of Hops, are referred.

Ordered, That Mr. William Rigden, of Canterbury, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. William Allen, of Canterbury, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Rejl Fenner, of Canterbury, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Abraham Rye, of Canterbury, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. William Matcher, of Canterbury, do then attend the said Committee.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by, and in pur- Surry fuance of, several Acts of Parliament, made in the 4th, Roads. 6th, and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty*

King George the First, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several'

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surry and Sussex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of a Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmen, of the Counties of Surry, Sussex, Kent, and Southampton, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads therein mentioned; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, the making, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said Counties, and the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to all Persons who shall have Occasion to travel that Way; but that the Petitioners are informed. Two Gentlemen have made Propo-fals to the Committee (to whom the said Petition is referred) for making, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, upon having a Toll granted to them by Parliament, fora certain Number of Years, with Power to remove some of the present Toll-Gates, and to erect others, upon and near to the new Roads, and to receive to their own Use

Il* Aprilis. i6i

such additional Toll, which shall be granted by Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Granting of such Powers would very much, lefTen the Toll already granted by Parliament, for maintaining and repairing the Surry and Sussex Roads, and consequently affect and prejudice the Lenders, to whom the Sum of Fifteen thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds is now due, upon Mortgages of the Tolls already granted, in respect of their Security; and that the Petitioners apprehend, in case such new Roads, as are proposed, were made, and proper Powers vested in the present, and such other Trustees as the House shall think proper, by Authority of Parliament, such Trustees would be thereby enabled to maintain and keep the said Roads in good Repair, without the Addition of any new Toll to those already granted, but that, if the necessary Sums for making such new Roads cannot be otherwise raised than by an additional Toll, the Petitioners conceive, such Roads may be made, and kept in Repair, under the Management and Direction of a Body of Trustees appointed by Parliament, at a less Expence to the Travellers and Passengers than by any private Persons: And therefore praying the House, ro grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmrn, of the Counties of Surry, Sussex, Kent, and Southampton, is referred: Acd that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Jconbuiy A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants,

'Md&C# ^orouSk Newark upon Trent, in the County of

k02 Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of a Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Roads between the White Post on die on bury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansfoid Bridge, in the same County; and Alleging, that the Road from Alconbury Hill to Wansford aforesaid, is th6 great Pod Road from London to North Britain; and that the same Road is now well repaired, by the Monies arising from the Two Turnpikes at Saltree and Wansford aforesaid, at which large Toils have been paid for Twenty-three Years Lift pad by the Petitioners, and others, travelling on the . said great Pod Road; and that, as the Monies arising by the said Two Turnpikes are more than sufficienc for keep, ing the said Road in Repair, and paying off the Monies due on the Security of the said Tolls, the Petitioners, and all others travelling on the said great Post Road, have more Reason to hope for a Relief to themselves, and the Publick in general, by a Reduction of the said Tolls, than to expect a Continuance of them, for such new Purposes as are mentioned in the Petition of the said Trustees; and that (however necessary it may be thought to repair the Road from Stilton to Peterborough, leading, into the Fens of Lincolnshire) the same ought not to be done at the Expence of those who never travel thereon, which must be the same if such an Application of the Tolls arising at Saltree and Wansford aforesaid, is differed to be made by the said Trustees, as is aimed at by their said Petition; and that these Petitioners apprehend, the Principal Money due on the Security of the said Tolls is very inconsiderable; and that the fame, by the Monies already raised, and in the Hands of the Trustees, together with the Tolls to be collected, might be soon paid off and discharged, afrer which the Petitioners hope, that the said Tolls should cease and determine, according to Equity, and the Intention of the Legislature; but that the Petitioners cannot conceive, that by a new* Act of Parliament, not only the said Tolls should be continued, during the prefenc Term (of which Eleven Years, and upwards, are yet unexpired), but that the fame, or at lead so much thereof as is more than necessary to preserve the said Road between Alconbury Hill and Wansford, in its present good Repair, should be applied to the Making and Amending of foreign Roads, on which the Tolls are not collected; and even the said VoL. 26,

high Tolls be also continued to a further Term for the same most unprecedented and unreasonable Purpose, which, besides the extreme Injustice of the Thing, can, in its Consequence, tend to nothing less than the Decay of that Pari of the great Northern Road: And therefore praying.

That no Tolls may be imposed on the Publick on that Part of the great Post Road, lying between Alcor.bury Hill and Wansford, aforesaid, longer or higher than such as are sufficient for the Preservation of the said great Road only; and that the Trustees that now ale, or hereafter may be, appointed, for the repairing of the said great Road, may be directed to make such Reduction and Abatement of the said Tolls, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the 13th Year of the Reigd of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George th£

Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County, being the North Division; and of others, the Gentlemen of the said County of Huntingdon, and the County of Northampton, adjoining or near to the said Road, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Greenock according to Order, a Bill for levying a Duty1 of Two Town and Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on Har our* every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Greenock, and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock and Finnart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Colonel Lee have Leave to go to the Leave of Bath, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Hope Weir presented to the House, according to Preservation Order, a Bill for the better Preservacion of the Game in ot Game i9 that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same Scotland* was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Trentham reported from the Committee, to Westminster whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the City and ^mail ^el>t4. Liberty of Westminster was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. Harman Verelft produced to your Committee, a State and Account of all Summonses, and other Proceedings, for Eight Months, to the lad Court Day in Decent-ber last; whereby it appeared, that the Charges, and other Out-goings, paid within that Time, exceed the Receipt the Sum of J79/. 13 s. $d. and a Clause in the Act of Parliament of the last Session was read, relating to the Power in the said Act, for Refiants only to sue for Debts under Forty Shillings:

And Mr. Verelft further informed your Committee,

That, in some Instances, Defendants have set up a Plea, and alleged, that the Court had no Jurisdiction over them, where the Plaintiffs were not likewise Refiants, which occasioned Doubts; but the Commissioners, after having T t maturely

4,

j6i i° Aprilis.

maturely considered the Platter, have determined in Fa- Paper Bills of Credit of the said Colony amount only to your of the Plaintiffs, under the general Words in the a small Sum, were emitted for the necessary Services of Ad, "fccking a -Livelihood,1" but not without being the Colony, have been duly and regularly issued, and are threatened to remove it to a superior Court. ordered to be called in and destroyed by the Year 1751:

Mr. Stephen Popbamfald, The Act of Parliament does And therefore in behalf of the Inhabitants of the said hot authorize the issuing of Attachments, though a Fee Colony (who are unacquainted with the present Applica-is given for it by the said Act. tion whereon the said Bill was ordered to be brought ia,

Peter Legh Esquire, High Bailiff of Westminster, said, so that the Petitioner cannot possibly have received In-That an Attorney was summoned to the said Court 5 and structions from them, proper for their Defence) pray-iipon his not appearing, an Attachment issued against ing, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; or that him j and thereupon he was served with a Writ of Privi- the said Colony may be omitted or left out of the fame; lege, alleging,that, as an Attorney,he was not amenable to or that the House will afford such other Relief in the the said Court; which Writ was produced to your Com- Premises, and in such Manner, as to the House shall fccm mittee; and he further said, he had been since threatened meet.

to be served with the like Writs by several others. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Mr. James Warner said, the Business of the Court until the said Bill be read a Second time, would be better carried on in Two Divisions than Three,

and still better, if only One; and the rather, as it is ne- Ordered, That Mr. Trenchard have Leave to go into Leave of

fcessary to preserve a Dignity and prevent Mistakes, which the Country for the Recovery of his Health. . Absence.

happen by summoning in wrong Divisions; and if properly situated in the Center of the Liberty, the Suitors from Complaint being made to the House, That # Privilege,

the extreme Parts could not have above Half an Hour’s Stokes, of the Parish of Wingham, in the County of Koit,

Walk to it. Carpenter, and John Hewfott, of the same Place, Shoe-

Mr. James Crofts said, He always imagined the Business maker, did, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, of the Court would be better carried on in Two Divisions enter upon the Lands of Sir George Oxenden Baronet, a than more; and, if properly situated, no Inconvenience Member of this House.

could arise from it. Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-

W hereupon the Committee came to the following Re* vileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said solutions: Complaint, and report the feme, with their Opinion there-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon, to the House.

That an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small A Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Farthingftont Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Wade inclosure* that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which adjoineth Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Farthingstone, in thereto, has been very beneficial to the Publick, but in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time, feme Particulars found defective, inasmuch as there is Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winning* not sufficient Authority for the issuing Attachments, when ton. Me. Lyster, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Chtfcr, Mr. Colleton, the Defendants rcfulc or neglect to appear upon the Mr, Tor he, Mr. Fray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mitchell,

Summons. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Town*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, fhend, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Belchier, Mr.

That, in consideration of the large Expences the Officers Thornton, Mr. Medcalf, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lewis, Mr. of the Court are put to in hiring or providing Court- Plumptre, Mr. Hill, Mr. Burrell\ Mr. Fane, Mr. Beck'

Houses, Payments to the Marshalsea Counsel, and ocher ford, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Williams, necessary Expences, some small Addition be made to the Lord Trentbam, Mr. Cherries Torkc, Mr. Bond, Mr. Gray*

Fees already granted. Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Martin, Colonel Townshend, General

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* Onslow, Mr, Robinson, Mr. Pelham, Sir Lynch Cotton,

That the holding the said Court in Two Divisions only. Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Newnbam, Sir Cordd within the City and Liberty of Westminster, will sufficiently Firebrace, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hardinge, ftnfwer all the Purposes intended by the said Act. Mr. Hope Weir, Sir John Barrington, Commodore Mit*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, chelL, Mr. Kynafhm, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Laf~<

That on the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of any of cedes, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Walpoles and all the Members who

the Four Clerks appointed by the said Act, no new Clerk serve for the Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, and Lei* J

should be elected in his Room, until there shall be less cester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of

than Two of them left; and that the Number of Clerks the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

of the said Court should not afterwards exceed T wo.

The laid Resolutions,being severally readaSecond time, A Motion being made, That the Bill to confirm and Weston I*

were, upon the Qu-ftion severally put thereupon, agreed establifti an Agreement for inclosing and dividing several c*ofure* to by the House. Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Welton, in the County

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- of York, and for settling a yearly Sum on the Vicar in suant to the said Resolutions: And that the Lord Trentbam, lieu of Tythes, and other Purposes therein mentioned, be Mr. Barbor, and Mr. Matthew Mitchell, do prepare, and now read a Second time;

bring in, the fame. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty,

Colonial Bills A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for and on having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill,

©^Credit.1 the behalf of the Governor and Company of the English gives his Confenr, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is con-Colony of Connecticut in New England, in America, was cerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think presented to the House, and read j reciting several Parts of fit. I

the Charter granted to the said Colony by King Charles Then the said Bill was read a Second time. 1

the Second, in the 14th Year of his Reign; and alleging, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barbor,

That the Bill depending in the House, to regulate and re- Mr. Tracy, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Richards, w

drain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty's Colonies or Mr. Palmer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Torkc, Mr. Plumptre,

Plantations of Rhode lfiand and Providence Plantations, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Alderman. j

Connecticut, the Majfachufeits Bay, and New Hampshire, Baker, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyster, Mr. 1

in America, and to prevent the feme being legal Tenders Waller, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Har-

in Payments of Money, if passed into a Law, will be dinge, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Hume, Lord Trentbam, Mr,

highly prejudicial to the said Colony, and hurtful to the Wilkinson, Sir Conyers UArcy, Lord Downe, Mr. Them-

Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom; and that t^e ion, Mr. LafceUts, Mr. Proby, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Vyner, 8

4 Mr.

24 Geo. II.

Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Lane, Mr. Carter, Lord" Wi'Siam Manners, Lord Parker, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Monjon, Sir Richard Wrotlejley, Sir Joiw C^, Sir Richard Uoyd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland\, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Yattw A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for in-

Inclosart. clofingand dividing certain Commons and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Tatton, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tracy, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Colleton, Mt. Sancfys, Mr. Wilkin-Jim, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Hay, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Frederick, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Martin, Mr. Alderman Betbell, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Rowes, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Tu ner, Mr. Chester, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hume, Mr. Wilks, Mr, Pawktt, Mr. Alderman Jansen, Mr. Rarbor, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Ojwald, Mr. Thornton, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Beagban, Mr. Palmer, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Bond, Mr. Thornhagb, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Southwell, Colonel Haldane, Sir Nicholas Bayley, Mr. Kytiaston, Mr. Jp/mi 7V&, Mr. Tuekfield, Mr. ford, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Grenville, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Pi//, Sir Rujhcut, Sir

Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Some Jet, Wilts, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

of Privileges and Elections, That they do upon Friday Fortnight, the 19th Day of this instant April, hear the Matter of the Complaint this Day made to the House, iii relation to the Breach of Privilege committed against Sir George Oxenden Baronet, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Legb have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly t

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Taylor’* Ad to enable William Ley borne, formerly called William Name* Ley borne Taylor, to take and use the Surname of Ley borne only, and bear the Coat of Arms of the Family oiLeyborne, pursuant to the Will of his Unde William Leyborne, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Legb,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lyjler,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Kynaston, Kir. Ridley, Mr. Tracy, Sir John Cust, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chester,

Sir Nicholas Bayley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Popham,

Mr. FelloweS, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Turner, Mr. Kent, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Winniiigton,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Potter,

Mr. Martin, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Alderman JanJen,

Captain Saunders, Lord Dapplin', and all the Members who ierye for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hedoffion of An ingrossed Bill, for reducing the Interest upon the hterest on Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, from the Time,

South Sea. and upon the Terms, therein to be mentioned, was read Sttck# the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for reducing the Interest upon the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, from the Time, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, and for preventing of Frauds committed by the Officers and Servants of the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Starerton A Petition of Thomas Roberts, Samuel Roberts, Huf-Inclosuie. bandman, Thomas Hedge, Robert Burnham, John Roberts, and divers other Persons, Owners, and Proprietors, of Land and Ground in the Open and Common Fields of Stareton, otherwise St avert on, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if the Bill, for inclosing and dividing the Open and Common Fields of Stareton, otherwise Staverton, in the County of Northampton, should pass into a Law, it will greatly affed the Petitioners, and injure them in their several Properties: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Bill; or have £uch Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit-. tee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read;

ExceffireUft Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three of Spirits. Weeks, the 23d Day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council af-le.mbled, relating to Spirituous Liquors.

Privilege, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Vol. 26.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom Westminstef the Petition of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge. Bridge was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and iiad directed him so report the fame, as it appealed to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche have Leave tcf make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

Part of Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 9th, and the other in the 12th Years.of the Reign of his present Majesty, were read; whereby Commissioners arc appointed for building the said Bridge, and for maintaining, supporting, and preserving the fame, when built, and impowered to lay out such Ways, Streets, and Passages* as they should think proper, leading to and from the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, and both Houses of Parliament, and Parts adjacent, and to purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits therein prescribed, as they should think proper.

Mr. Charles Labelye informed your Committee, That the said Bridge was opened on the i8xh of November last, and has continued open ever since; and that the Works relating thereto have been carried oil with the greatest Frugality.

Mr. Seddon, Treasurer to the Commissioners, informed your Committee, That most of the Streets and Passages leading to and from the said Bridge have been finished Three Years ago.

That the Commissioners are of Opinion, they are not sufficienriy impowered, by any Ad already made, to watch or light the said Bridge, or to prevent Annoyances, and other Damages thereon, nor to execute several of the Trusts reposed in them as Commissioners, especially with respect to Grounds and Houses by them purchased, by reason of certain Annuities charged thereon, which should be apportioned, and cannot, as the Law now (lands.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Petitioners have fully, proved the Allegations of their Petition*

Ordered,

164

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for giving further Powers to the Commissioners, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, to enable them more effectually to discharge the Trusts reposed in them, and for making an effectual and constant Provision for watching and lighting the said Bridge, and for preserving the same from annoyances, and other Damages: And that Mr, Laroche 1 Mr. Kent, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior. Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hay, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Dividing And a Bill for dividing the out Parish of Saint Philip

Parishes in arj Jacob, in the County of Gloucester, and for creating Biiito!. a parj(h Church therein, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chester, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Lux borough, Mr. Compton, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend> Mr. Frederick, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rob inf on, Mr. Williams, Mr. Proby, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Hen. Marshall, Mr. Sandysy Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Torke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Campbell) Mr, Laroche, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. JVodehouse, Mr. Mojlyn, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Ar undell) Colonel A court, Mr. Edward Willes, Mr. <?/;/, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Gm Cavendish, Mr. Clayton, Lord Downe; and all the Members who serve for the City of Bristol, Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Luxborough have Leave to make a Morion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Golden And a Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors

Square Im- and Inhabitants of the Houses in Golden Square, in the provement. parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of A//V/-dlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for railing Money sufficient for the better inclosing, paving, enlightening, and adorning, the said Square, and supporting, and keeping the same in Repair, for the future, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Luxborough, Captain Edgeumbe, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kent, Mr. Legge, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hume, Mr. fVilliams, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sandys, Sir 7^* O//?, Mr. MelliJIs, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mitchell) Mr. Torke, Sir 7^# Turner, Mr. Lambe, Mr. G<?0. Townshend, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Willes, Mr. Watson, Mr. Drake, Mr. Alderman Jansen, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. G<?re, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Francis Poole, Sir 7^ Ramsden, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Reynolds, Admiral Townshend, Lord Strange, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. Bar bar, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. /foy, Mr. Gwfe, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Archer, Mr. Arjcott, Colonel Bojcawen, Sir Beauchamp Froftor, Mr. Gy^- Mr. Mr. Herbert, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Brijlowe,

Mr. Howard, Sir /^"w. Calvert, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mon-Jon, Sir William Tonge, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Locke, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Phillipjon,

Mr Robinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Amyand,

Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr Acourt, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Marshall, Mr. Taylor, Commodore A//7-

and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Thames Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to

Fishery. whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, was referred That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed

1751,

him to report the faflne, as it appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House being informed, That Doctor Lamond, who Mr. M«rraf was admitted to rcforc to Mr. Murray, now a Prisoner in to bs re-his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, committed to the said ^da£0ffl Gaol by an Order of this House, was attending at the c*a c* Door, and was desirous of giving the House some Infor- *-’* macion relating to the said Mr. Murray;

Doctor Lamond was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That he had this Day attended the said Mr. Murray; that he apprehended him to have the Gaol Distemper coming upon him,; and that he left him so extremely ill, that, if he be not immediately removed from the Place of his present Confiftement, there would be no Possibility of saving him.

And then Jie withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Murray, committed by this House close Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in order to his forthcoming, to abide such Orders as should be made by this House, in relation to the high and most dangerous Contempt of the Authority and Privilege of this House, committed by the said Mr. Murray, upon Wednesday the 6th Day of February last, be discharged from his said Confinement there, and delivered over into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, in order to his the said Mr. Murray's forthcoming, to abide such Orders as shall be made by this House, in relation to his said Contempt; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That a Physician, to be appointed by Mr.

Speaker, do attend the said Mr. Murray, while in the said Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, in order to give Satisfaction to the House, from time to time, in relation to the State of the said Mr. Murrays Health; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That no other Person be admitted to resort to the said Mr. Murray, while in the said Custody of the Serjeant at Arm«, attending this House, except such other Person or Persons as Mr. Speaker shall, from time to time, think fit to authorize, by his Warrant, lo to do, upon proper Application to be made to Mr. Speaker, for that Purpose; and that Mr. Speaker be impowered to issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Murray, while in the said Custody of the Seneant at Arms, artending this House, be not allowed the Use of Pen, Ink, or Paper, otherwise than as Mr. Speaker shall, from time to time, think fit, by his Warrant, to authorize the fame; and chat Mr. Speaker be impowered to issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert have Leave to make Thamej a Motion: Fishery.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, was referred (which Report was this Day received) was read, and is as followed); viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fifncry within the River Thames, and Waters of Medway: And that Sir William Calvert, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Alderman Jansen, Sir Henry Marshall, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Lieutenant-General Onslow, Mr. Hardinge, and Sir John Barnard, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjler have Leave to make a Motion: jVar

And he moved the House accordingly: Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend, do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacri, in the County of Norfolk, was committed.

Mr.

24 Geo. II. t* — Aprllis. 16 5

Mr TownJItend, accordingly, reported from the said Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to th£ said Bill, were severally read a Second time \ and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was difagrecd to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

MR. Mortfon reported from the Committee, to whom

v______ the Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of

small Debts, within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and within the Close and Bail of Lincoln, within the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had exa-tfnined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through- the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then "a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

£irlCow- An ingossed Bill frorh the Lords, intituled, An Act j>cr’sEstate. for charging divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and County of Hertford, Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, with raising Money towards defraying the Expences of rebuilding the said Houses in London, burnt down and destroyed r, - by Fire, was read the Third time.

Rejclvedy That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Duchess of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Argyll’s to enable the most noble fane Duchess Dowager of Argyll and Greenwich, to grant Leases of the Ground, and repairing Leases of the Houses and Buildings in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Will of John late Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackenzie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

PWdcK’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ElUte. for 5 ale of the Estate late of Edmund 1'ley dell Esquire, in Cloiuefiershirey and for laying out the Money arising by VCL, 20.

such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was rea$l the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ah ingrossed Bill, to enable the Parishioners of the Pa- Iflington1 rish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, Church', to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, was read, the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 26. To leave out " One."

Pr. ip. L. 15. After " Recourse," to insert " to,"

Pr. i 1. L. 34. To leave out ‘‘and purchase therein/* and insert " by such Contributor or Porchafer."

Pr..i7. L. 22.:To leave out ‘‘ furnished," and infer/ " finished."

And the said Amentments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Parishioners of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Pariflh.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Stanhope reported from the Committee, to vPendover,* whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted &c.Road. by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover, to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Wendover, to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Rqad called the Oxford Roady lying between the Town of Beconsfieldy in the said County of Bucks9 and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Beconsfieldy to Uxbridge aforesaid, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto /which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, Bethnal Streets, and other Passages, and regulating the Nightly Green Watch, and Bedels, and also for the better repairing and Streets, widening the Highways and Passages in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green3 in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Belchier, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Geo. Town-Jhendy Mr. Lafcelles, Mr. Williams, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kent,

Colonel Haldane, Mr. Lane* Mr. Charles Townjhendy Mr. Southwell, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prohor, Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Lyfttr, Sir John Cust, Mr. Sydenham3 Mr. Fellow es, Mr* Hampden, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Willes, Mr. Mellijhy Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Cor del Firebr ace, Mr. Colleton, Ivir. Walpole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Fonereau, Mr. John Yorke, Mr.

Gore, Lord Hobart, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Farrington, Colonel Acourt, Colonel Abercrombiey Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Northey, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Elliott, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Holmes, General Anstruther,

Mr. Greatbeedy Mi\ Hay, Mr. Granville, Mr. Bacon,

- ? - u u Colonel

lfesford

Inclosure.

Ways and Means.

Mr. Murray refuting to be removed, Orders revoked.

i66

3" — 16*

s.

A, 175 r.

talon el Bofcawen, Lord Geo. Satkvllie; and all Ac Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex and Essex: And they are to meet this After-hooxiat Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, to inclose Besford Common, in the County of Wor-tester, and for letting out and appointing proper Roads over the fame, and for charging the said Common with a perpetual yearly Rent, in lieu of certain Rights and Privileges claimed by James Cocks Esquire, as Lord Paramount of the Manor of Besford: And the same was received i and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the HoUfe to retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further,of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Rejoined, That this House will, upon this Day Tort-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker informed the House, That the Deputy of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, had something to communicate to the House, relating to the Exe* cution of the Orders Yesterday made, for removing Mr. Murray from his Majesty’s Goal of Newgate, into the Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms.

And the said Deputy Serjeant being called upon, aCr quainted the House, That he did Yesterday communicate to the Keeper of the said Gaol Mr. Speaker’s Warrants; for removing the said Mr. Murray; and that being thereupon admitted to the said Mr. Murray, he the said Deputy Serjeant did acquaint him with the Orders of the House, for his Removal; but that his Physician, Dr. Lamond, being present, and giving it as his Opinion, that it might be very improper to remove the said Mr. Murray that Night, and that it would be more adviseable to defer such Removal dll the next Morning, he the said Deputy Serjeant acquiesced therein, and accordingly did this Morning, together with Doctor Lamond, again attend the said Mr. Murray, and told him. That he, the said Deputy Serjeant, was ready to execute the said Warrants; but that the said Mr. Murray then said. That he thought such Removal would be of little or no Service to him; and that as the Application to the House was without his Knowledge, he chose, if it could be permitted, to remain where he was 5 that he also requested the said Deputy Serjeant to inform the House, That he was extremely thankful for the Favour intended him 5 and that the said Doctor Lamond likewise thought, that as his Fever had left him sooner than he apprehended, it was the best way not to remove him, as nothing but Air and Exercise could be of real Service to him.

And the said Deputy Serjeant being farther examined, also acquainted the House, That he found, from his Conversation with the said Mr. Murray, that he had been informed of the Steps which had been taken for the said Application to the House; and that he, the said Mr. Murray, expressed great uneasiness thereupon, and used some Words of Resentment towards One of his Relations, on Account of such Application being made; saying, That it was a mean Thing in him, to apply to the House, without his, the said Mr. Murray's, Content.

The House was moved, That the Minutes of the Information given by Dactor Lamond Yesterday, at the Bar of this House, and of his Examination consequent thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly;

And the House being informed. That the said DoCtor Lamond was attending at the Door;

He was called in; and, being examined at the Bar, gave the House an Account in what Condition he found the said Mr. Murray last Night, with his Reasons for thinking it improper to have Mr. Murray removed at that Time* and also acquainted the House, That the said

Mr. Murray does not desire to be removed out of Newgate, unless he could have the Benefit of Air and Exercise, and was dilfatisfied with the Application which had been made to this House; and that he, the said DoCtor, does not now perceive any Symptoms of the said Mr. Mur* ray's having the Gaol Distemper; but thinks him much better than he was Yesterday, although far from being wel}.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Orders made Yesterday, For removing the said Mr. Murray from his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, and the several Orders subsequent thereupon, relating to the said Mr. Murray, be revoked.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Murray do remain in the same Custody he was in, with the same Orders, in relation to him, as were subsisting Yesterday, before the said revoked Orders were made.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse have Leave to make d Mo- Cowaimts. tion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That all Committees, who are to fit Tomorrow Morning, have Leave to fie To morrow, not with-(landing any Adjournment of the House.

sf\

L

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge have Leave to make a Committee Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to Trade and Manufactures, and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, as to the Repeal or Amendment of the fame, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from time to time, and to what Place or Places they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Yuefday Seven-night, the 16th Day of this Instant April, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Mart is, 16° die Apr His \

Anno 24° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1751.

Prayers*

flRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Souttonptei the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Wriu for the EleCling of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in the room of Francis Whithed Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tht Dowatoi Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ* EleCling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of George Proctor Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from Aocoant* the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; resp^ins

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the AmwicAnCa. House, pursuant to their Orders, *r c‘

An Account of the Value of Goods exported from England, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An A ccount of the Value of Goods exported from England, to the Northern Colonies, distinguishing each Colony, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1748* distin-.guishing each Year: And also,

An Account of all Sugar imported into England, from any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 173 j, to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year; and what Quantity was foreign Prize Sugar: And also,

>0 An

£4 Geo. IL i6° Jprilis* 167

An Account of all Rums imported into England^ from the Northern Colonies in America, from Christmas 17481 I to Christmas 1750, dist each Year, and Cojopy i

| And also,

jeconnts of An Account of the Number of Vessels and Boats., that fizurcs for have been seized by the Officers of the Customs, and con-5indyn&c demned, for importing Brandy, Arrack, Rum, and other I h foreign Spirituous Liquors, and which have been burnt or ! employed in the Service, from Christmas 1745, to Christ-

1 mas 1750, dist each Year: And also,

An Account of all Seizures, and how the same have been applied, from Christmas 1745, to Christmas 1750, dist each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

Widow? of The House being informed, that Mr. Jervais, Auditor M-Pay of the Accounts of the Paymaster of the Charity to the Officers. Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefenced to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Book, containing distinct Lifts of all the Widows of the Commission and Warrant-Officers, intitled to the Produce of Three Pence in the Pound, dedutted out of the Whole and Half-Pay of all the Officers of the Royal Navy, with the Rank of their Husbands, together with an Account what has been paid to each Widow, from the 30th of August 1740, to the 30th of August 1750, dist each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been annually, or otherwise, reserved, with the Application thereof: And also,

A Book, containing Lifts of the Widows intitled to the Wages, and Victualling of the Widows Man, by their Names and Rank of their Husbands; together with what Money has been paid to each Widow, from the 30th of August 1740, to the 30th of August 1750, dist each Year: with an Account of the respective Sums that have been annually, or otherwise, reserved, with the Application thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Lifts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

/lconbury A Petition of the Inhabitants of Post Witham, North 1^11.Witham, and Colfterworthy in the County of Lincoln, on Roads’ behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of several other Towns, on or near the great Northern Post Road, leading to London, was presented to the House, and read 5 relating Part of a Petition of the Trustees, for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from Alconbury-Hill3 in the County of Huntingdon, to Wansford Bridge, in the said County, for a Bill for continuing Two Bars at Saltree and Wansfcrdy and for appropriating the Monies collected thereat, to the Repairs of Two several Roads, lying out of, and at some Distance from the great Post Road; that is to say, the One from Stilton to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, and the other from Alconbury-Hill aforesaid, to Barnewell-Gatet in the said County of Northampton; and alleging, That the Petitioners, and all others travelling on the said great Post Road, will be injured by such an Application of the Monies arifirg at the said Two Toll-Bars; for that the Petitioners, and all Travellers on the said great Post Road, ought to have the Benefit thereof, which they apprehend they will be greatly deprived of, by the said great Post Road going into Decay, which they fear must be the Consequence of the Monies taken at the said Two Toll-Bars being applied to the Repairs of other Roads, which

Vol. 26.

are no Part of the said greatNonhern PoftRoad", whereby the Trade of several Towns, lying T^orth of {F^nsford aforesaid, will be affected, and the Credit of several T urn-pike-TolIs very much lessened: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration* and grant such Relief therein, as to the House ffiail seem just and reasonable.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Wanford, Stebbington, Atcrnbury Sibjorty Water-Newt on, Alwalton, arid Chester ton, in the Hill, &c. County of Huntingdon, on the behalf of themselvesj and Road*-the Inhabitants of other Villages, on or near that Part of the great Post Road that lies between Stilton and Wanfford, \n the County affiresaid, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of the said Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the said Acts; and alleging, That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that if the Bill prayed for by the said Petition should pass into a Law, the Road between Alconbury-Hill and Wamford (being the great Post Road) will, by applying the Tolls, appropriated for the Repair thereof* for other Purposes than are by the said several Acts intended, be neglected, and run to Ruin; and in such a Cafe, many Travellers; who have hitherto contributed greatly to the Repair of all the Turnpike-Roads, from North Britain to London, will be induced to leave the said great Post Road; by which the Credit of the Toll Gates, North of Stilton, will be lessened; and the Petitioners, and many others (b^ing also large Contributors) residing on or near the said great Road, greatly injured; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, however necessary it may be thought to repair the Road between Alconbury-Hill and Barnwell Gate, or the Road between Stilton and Peterborough, neither should be done at an Expence obligatory on those who do not travel thereon; but as the Repair of such Roads must be beneficial to particular Persons, the same should be . done by Statute-Work, voluntary Contributions, or Tolls imposed thereon; and that as the said Road, between AF conbury-Rilly arid IVansford- Bridge, is now in good Re>* pair, and so adjudged by the Trustees themselves, the Intention of the Legislature is fully answerec); and as the Petitioners are informed, and believe, the Tolls of One of said Gates, now {landing on the said great Post Road, will be more than sufficient to preserve that Part of the fame, and pay off the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tofts, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the Gate erected at Wansford Bridge will be first taken away, especially as there is another Toll-Gate lately erected on the North Side of Wansford, to repair the Road to Stamford, in the County of Lincoln; which will not only relieve the Petitioners, and all Persons travelling to and from the North Parts of this Kindom, from all unnecessary Expence, But be a great Encouragement to Trade, and an Inducement to all Trustees, for all the Toll-Gates on the said great Post Road, to complete the Repair of the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners, and others travelling or residing on or near the said great Post Road, such Relief, as to the House ffiail seem meet.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants, Land-Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, in the several Pariffiesof Great Gidingy Little Gidingy Steeple Gidingy Hamerton, Copingford, Upton,

Sawtrey, Glatton, Holme, Stilton, Hemmington, Ludding-tony Claptony Lilford, Achurchy and PHton, on behalf of themselves, and several otherlnhabicants of those and other adjacent Parishes, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, which are adjoining, or near, to the Road proposed to be mended, from Clayway to Barnewell-Gate, in the said County of Northamptotiy and also adjoining to, or near, the great North Road, leading from Alconbury White Post to Wansford Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of the said Petition of the T ruftees appointed to put in Execution the said Acts; and alleging, That the Passing of a Bill, for mending the Road from Stilton to Peterborough, according to the Prayer of the said Petition,

i<S8

t6c

A. 1751.

jtitip'n, and tKe fereAing of the several Toll-Bars in the several. Places specified therein, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be a grievous Burden, not only upon the Petitions, but M all Travellers passing through the said Road, and will by no means answer the Efids and Purposes intended by the said Petition; and that, if a Bill should pals, as by the said Petition is prayed; the Petitionef&will be deprived of th<e only Ways they have to their iMarkets o{ Huntingdon and Saint Neots, and also to Two. large Woods, the one called Monks Wood, and the other Copingford Wood, from whence they are obliged to fetch all their Hedging-Wood> and Firing for the Use of their Families, and that at a Time of the Year when the Roads are perfectly good; and that most of the Petitioner^, and particularly such of them as live in the several -Pflri(hes dying North of Hamerton Water-Gate, will be obliged to pay at the said Toll-Bars although they never have Occasion to go more than half a Furlong upon the £<id Road proposed to be amended; and also such of the Petitioners, as are Inhabitants of Clapton, Lilford, Achurch, and Pilton, in the County of I Northampton, will, in their Way from their said 'Parishes to London, be obliged to pay at the Toll-Bar proposed by the said Petition to be erected at Sallom Wood, although they come upon no Part of the new Road proposed to- be amended; and that it is well known, and can be proved, that the many proves of Cattle, which are reprelented as eloping from the great North Road, and using the Hamerton Road, are lean Beads, travelling from the North into Norfolk and Suffolk, and which have used that Road only since the Distemper among the Horned Cattle has been so rife in Lincolnshire; and that they have a nearer Way, by Thirty Miles, through Lincolnshire, and by Wisbech, to those Parts, which there is great Reason to believe they will use again, as soon as the said Distemper has ceased; and that the fat Beads, for the London Markers, from the North, and different Parts of Lincolnshire, use an open Road, where no Bars can be erected, and make their Way through the Counties of Northampton and Huntingdon, into Bedfordshire and Hert-fordshire, by Hemington, Luddington, Pburning., and Old-weston, and sometimes by Tarwell, Naffington, Elton, Warmington, Ashton, and Barnwell, without coming into the Wansford Road at all, or into the Oundle Roads, through any of the Villages mentioned in the said Petition, towards Alconbtiry or Huntingdonand that the greater Part of the loaded Carriages, and Droves of Cattle, travelling from Stamjord, and from Oundle, to Alconbtiry and Huntingdon, use an ancient publick Road leading through the several Parishes of Warmington, Hemington, and Lutton, in North-amptonshire, and Glatton, Great Giaing, Little Giding, and Steeple Giding, in Huntingdonshire, in their Way to Ha-merton V/ater Gate, which is an ancient Drove-Way, and a more spacious Road, being high and open, and in Part already mended, and more capable of being mended than that through Thurning, Winwick, and Hamertont which is low and narrow in many Places, and crosses Two or Three Brooks, which subject it to be flooded very deep; and that these Petitioners have expended great Sums of Money in mending the fame, and have also contributed their Assistance in supplying the Petitioners for the Bill with Carts, towards mending Part of the Road in Upton Field\ common to all these Petitioners; and that they are willing to do their Statute-Work upon the fame, which, if duly observed, and done by the several adjoining Parishes, will sufficiently keep all the said Roads in good Repair; and that the Matter alleged in the said Petition, that several large Droves of Beasts and Sheep, and also Wool-Waggons, and other Carriages, have, since the Erection, of another Toll-Bar at Wansford, using the Hamerton Road, so cut and torn up that Road, that the Farmers are often deprived of carrying their Grain to Huntingdon, is of no Weight; for that the Farmers of the several V illages, mentioned in the said Petition, can, whenever their Common Field Way to Alccnbury is very bad, find a short Way to go with their Waggons inro the great North Road; and that if a Bill should pass, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, a very large Sum of Money will be drawn

from the Revenues of the 'foll-BiarS on the great Road, to amend those Two Branches of collateral Roads (which will be intirely useless to those who travel on, and pay to the Support of, the said great Road) and more Money will be annually required to support the fame, and the Expences of the Bar-Keepers, which it is believed the Travellers on the said Road, paying at such Bars, will never enable the Petitioners to support; and that it will otherwise (and particularly by Barnwell) greatly lessen the Revenues arising from the Tolls on the great North Road, by turning off great Numbers of Horse Travellers from Stamford into the Barnwell Road, through which they will pass, for the fake of paying One Toll only, instead of Three; all which Hardships and Inconveniencies, these Petitioners apprehend, will so lessen the Income of the Tolls on the said great Road, that it will remain almost a perpetual Burden to the Parishes where the said Petitioners dwell, as well as to the Publick; whereas, in its present State, the Income of the said Tolls will, as the Petitioners have great Reason to brlieve, clear off the whole Debt of Nineteen Hundred Pounds, mentioned in the said Petition, in less than three Years; and the Tolls thereof; in consequence, being unnecessary to be continued at more than One-half of what is now paid, will so ease the Petitioners, and all others travelling, and carrying on Traffick, on the said great Road, that it will be an Encouragement to all Travcllers and Traders to use the fame; whereby it will always hereafter be able to support itself, at a very small Expence to the Publick: And therefore praying, That a Bill may not pass, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; but that these Petitioners may be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trullees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament passed in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the 13 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the White Post on Alconbury Hilly in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County, being the North Division, and of others the Gentlemen of the said County of Huntingdon, and the County of Northampton, adjoining or near to the said Road, is referred, to examine the Matter of these Petitions, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Andrew Mitchell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, leading to and from the Ciry of Edinburgh: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

Edinburgh

Roads.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for, and on Trade of behalf of, his Majesty’s Province of Penflvania, in Ame- American rica, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, omcs* That the Inhabitants of Penflvania in particular, and of North America in general, are very numerous; and from their Situation, in cold and severe Climares,do constanrly take off and consume great Quantity of the W oollen and other Manufactures of this Kingdom, and thereby contribute to the Wealth and Benefit of Great Britain, in its Trade, Navigation, and Revenues; and that the said Inhabitants are industrious in seeking Opportunities to remit Returns, towards paying the large Sums which they continually owe, as the Balance of Trade, to their Mother-Country; and that the Inhabitants in North America have given the most incontestable Proofs of their Zeal and Loyalty to the King’s Royal Person and Government, and of their Duty to their Mother-Country; and divers of them have sacrificed their Lives and Fortunes, for the Annoyance of the King’s Enemies, and for gaining the

most

24 Geo. II. i 6° Aprilis169

mod valuable Acquisitions frond ttiefrti *, and that those numerous Inhabitants are in want, for their necessary and daily Sustenance, and for many other Purposes, of large Quantities of Melasses, Sugar, and Rum, which the British Sugar Islanders cannot supply them with, in any Proportion to their Necessities; and for which they also demand fdch Prices, as the Circurrtttances of the poor industrious North Americans, and of their Trade and Business, cannot afford to give; and that the British Inhabitants in the Sugar Islands are reduced to a very small Number,the Ten Acre Men, who are or should be the Numbers and the Strength and Support of small Islands, being in great measure bought out; and the immense Produce and Wealch of those Islands is brought into the Hands of a few rich and opulent Persons, whose Plantations are in general extremely beneficial to them; and that the said few Sugar Planters have from time to time, contrived every specious Method to raise great Riches to themselves, by advancing the Price of their Produce upon their Fel-low-Subje£h $ by which means they have aimed wholly lod rhefingle Benefit which they might have rendered to their Mother-Country, by keeping open a Trade at foreign Markets, for a Part of their Produce, which by that Method is in effe<5l given up to their Rivals in the Sugar Trade, who greatly undersell them there; and that the said Sugar Islanders have, on all Occasions, endeavoured to represent themselves to be as useful as they are wealthy, and as if they were of equal, or even of greater Benefit and Advantage to their Mother-Country, than the very great Numbers of their Fellow-Subjects in North America, notwithstanding the known Nakedness of the Slaves in the Sugar Islands, the small Number of white Subjects there, and the great heat of their Climate; all which render it impossible for them to consume any thing like the Quantity of Woollen, and other British 'Manufactures, taken off by North America; and notwithstanding that the Balance of Trade between Great Britain and North America is always greatly in favour of the ' Mother-Country; but between Great Britain and the Sugarlflands, is apprehended to be as condantly in favour of the Sugar Islands, and against the Mother-Country; and it is apprehended, that if an Account could be dated of the great Expences and loss which this Nation fudains, in continually maintaining One Squadron of Ships of War at Barbadoes and the Leeward JJlands, and another at Ja-maicayfoT the Defence and Protection of those Islands, in Convoys for their Trade, in great Quantities of Ammunition and Stores of War supplied to them, and in Regiments and Companies of Land Forces sent and kept there, it might appear that the Sugar Islands are far from being of so much Advantage to this Kingdom as the Northern Colonies, more especially considering the great Number of useful British Sailors, which those Climates destroy; and that the said Sugar Planters, in the 6th Year ‘ of the present King’s Reign, applied for, and obtained, an Act of Parliament, for laying very high Duties on fpreign Sugars, Rum, and Melasses, imported into any of the British Colonies in America; and that it was apprehended, at the Time when such Duties were laid, that the same would necessarily produce Two Consequences; the Onethat che same would introduce Frauds, as every Community may afford a few bad Men; the other, That it would enable the Sugar Planters to tax and raise what Price they pleased for their Produce upon the British Subjects in the Mother-Country, as well as upon those in North America; and the Experience of Seventeen or Eighteen Years since that Act passed, has too well judi-fied those Apprehensions; and that of late Years, and since the Parting of that Act, the Produce of the Sugar Islands, particularly their Rum and Sugar, is evidently grown into far more frequent Use here than in former Times; the Prices of the same are also very greatly advanced j and the Sugar Planters contend, that they make far greater Quantities than they formerly did; and yet, as the Petitioner is informed, they have none left on Hand, but the Whole goes off at the present greatly advanced Prices, to the great Profit of a few Sugar Planters, who have, from time to time, been favoured with many Vol. z6%

and great Indulgences; notwithstanding which, they are dill unsatisfied, and are aiming at new Schemes of the highed national Import; which may leffcn and reduce the Trade, Commerce, and, of Consequence, the naval Strength of this Nation in America; may artld and make Navigation Laws for Foreigners; and may didrefs the British Subjects in North America; and all this, in order to the One great End always aimed at by the Sugar Planters, that they may raise what further Prices they shall think fit upon their Fellow-Subjects, more especially those in North America, for the Necessaries of Life; and that, in order to introduce a Scheme of so high, so dangerous, and so mischievous a Nature, the said Sugar Planters, on the 12th of March lad, presented to this House a Petition, signed by about Forty-two several Persons only, but filled the Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others, trading to, and intereded in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies; in which Petition, the British Subjects in the Northern Colonies are most injuriously charged with forgetting all Ties of Duty to his Majesty, the Intered of their Mother-Councry, and the Reverence due to its Laws, and with having carried on a Trade, as therein mentioned, as though they had thought themselves independent of Great Britain; and alleging, That the Petitioner apprehends, that such Forty-two Persons offer so injurious a Charge against the King’s most faithful, most loyal, and most useful Subjects, in North America (who have given such drong Proofs of their disinterested Duty and Loyalty to the King, and their Mother-Country) in order to mifre-present them, and bring them under the Displeasure of this House, the better to carry on the redlefs Desires and Designs of che Sugar Planters, for their own partial Advantage, to the great Hurt and Damage of the British Subjects in North America, and to the prejudice of this Kingdom in many other Respects > and that the Inhabitants of che said Province have had no Possibility of hearing of the said Charge, or of the dangerous Scheme projected thereon, which may affect every thing that is dear and valuable to them, and much less of defending themselves against the fame, or of shewing the pernicious Consequences which would attend the present Project of the said Sugarlflanders, as well as the many great Mischiefs which have ensued from the said Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign: And therefore, in behalf of the said Province, praying the House to take into Consideration the great Weight and Importance of the present Application, and not to examine into the fame, on any Representation to be made thereof by the Sugar Planters only, but to afford the Inhabitants of the said Province an Opportunity of knowing of the fame, and of indruding their Agent thereon, and of hearing him by his Counsel against che same; or that the House will be pleased to afford such other Relief in the Premises, and in such other manner, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others trading to, and intereded in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, is referred: and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties paid in the British Sugar Islands, upon the Importation of Rum, Colonial Spirits, Melasses, Syrups, Sugars, and Paneles, of the Trade. Growth or Produce of any foreign Settlements, from the Year 1733, to Christmas 1749, in pursuance of the Act of Parliament, of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, distinguishing each Year and Island, and also X x distinguishing

17°

i6° Jprilis. -d. 175/.

Foreign

rrotedants

Natura-

lization,

Ditto.

distinguishing hovy much on Merchandize, and how much on Prizes.

A Petition of the IVlayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum,in Common-Counci] assembled, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; alleging, That should the Bill lor a general Naturalization of foreign Protestants pals into a Law, the lame, instead of being an Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, will be highly prejudicial to the Interests thereof; for that it would not only tend to the Depriving ofmanyThoufands of the industrious Artificers and Poor from procuring a sufficient Support and Maintenance for themselves and Families, and thereby ofconsequence increase the PoorRates, but that the Introduction of'such a Number of Foreigners (Papilts, perhaps, under the Disguise of Protestants, Strangers to the Laws and Customsof this Country) may endanger our Civil and Religious Rights, and prove fatal to our present happy Establishment; and that it is greatly to be apprehended, that this Bill, instead of bringing over a rich and mercantile People, will pour in upon us none but the Poor, and Outcast of other Nations; and that instead of introducing new Arts and Sciences amongst us, it will be a Means of robbing us of such as we are already in Possession of; and that a like Law beina; made in the Reign of

J o o

Queen Armey it was found so detrimental to the publick Incereft, that it was shortly afterwards repealed, and not w ithout some Reflexions on the Mischiefs it had produced; and that the Petitioners apprehend the same (if noegreater) Mischiefs, may accrue, by this intended Indulgence: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be far from being advantageous, and, on the contrary, will be very detrimental to this Nation, by dillrefling and increasing the Number of the Poor; and that in the Reign of Queen Anne a large Number of Poor, under the Denomination of Palatines, were introduced by the Favour of such a Law; who were so far from being of any Service to the , Kingdom, that they filled it with Poverty and Diseases; on which Account, among others, the Law was soon after repealed: And also expressing the Fears of the Petitioners, that the same Misfortunes would attend this Bill, if passed into a Law; and chat it might be made use of by evil Persons, to inllil Uneasiness into the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects; and that the bringing into this Kingdom such Numbers of Protestants, of different Persuasions, would very much increase the Schisms, already too numerous in the Nation; and that the Persons,-who are likely to come over, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, seem to the Petitioners to be such, as would more probably join with the Enemies of the Kingdom, than with the real Friends of our happy Constitucion: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

That they will not grant an unlimited and immediate Rightof Naturalization to every Foreign Protestant, who shall think proper to accept of the fame; but will (at lead) confine the Benefit thereof under such Restrictions and Limitations, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for impowering Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Besford Baronet, to inclose Besford Common, in the County of Incio^ure< Worcester, and for setting out and appointing proper Roads over the fame, and for charging the said Common with a perpetual yearly Rent, in lieu of certain Rights and Privileges claimed by James Cox Esquire, as Lord Paramount of the Manor of Besford\ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Bofcawen,

Mr. Hale, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cox, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. John Gore, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Plump ire, Mr. Thornton, Lord Bury, Mr. Kent, Lord Howe, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Sandys, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Laroche, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Salufbury, Mr.

Waif on, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fane, Mr. Phillipson, Mr.

Villes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Oswald, Mr. West, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Cocke, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Henley, Mr.

Nowell, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Finch, Mr. Geo. Town-Jhend, General Onslow, Mr. Brookfbani, Mr. Bond, Lord Gage, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Willes, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Walpole, Admiral Knowles,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Hoblynn, Mr. Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Peers' ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the £Ilate*

Sale of a Capital Messuage at Bromley, and divers Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, late the Estate of Sir Charles Peers Knight, deceased, some time since One of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the uses of his Will, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Add Cl a use (A).

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that should the said Bill pass into a Law, it might be attended with many ill Consequences to the Kingdom in general, and to the said County in particular, on Account of the Laws relating to the Poor; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that it might mislead foreign Protestants into a false Notion, that they woul^ receive many advantages from such Naturalization, which would by no means attend the fame; and that there is no want of Hands, for any Sort of Trade or Labour in the said County; and the Petitioners therefore apprehend, that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it would tend to the great Inconvenience of many Parishes in the said County, and to the manifest Prejudice of such Foreigners, who might be induced to come over, in Consequence of such a Law, and attempt to settle in that Part of the Kingdom: And therefore submitting to the House,

ccCl. (A). Provided always, and it is hereby further <€ enabled and declared, That the Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, which, in pursuance of this AX, shall «c be purchased, and the Money hereby direXed to be laid " out in such Purchase, and the Interest thereof, until such tc Purchase shall be made, shall be respectively held, enjoyed, and received, subjex to such and the same " Estates, Interests, and Claims, and no other, as the " Premises, hereby veiled in Trustees, to be sold before " the passing this AX, are subjex or liable to; any thing " herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.~

The said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Claude Aubert, of London, Merchant, on Afric behalf of John and Anthony Allut, was presented to the Com House, and read; setting forth. That the RoyaliAfrican Company of England are justly indebted to the said John z 1 and

24 Geo. II. 1(5" — 17"

171

and Anthony Allut the Sum or Amount of 2,986/. 8 r. TheHouse was moved. That the Instruction given to PiiviUg*,

i)d. Sterling by virtue of a Promissory Note, bearing the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Tuesday

Date the Second of July 1737, from Messieurs Jeremiah the 2d Day of this instant April (that they do, upon Fri-

Tinker and John Cepe, then Two of the said Company's day the 19th Day of this instant April, hear the Matter of

chief Agents or Governors at Cape Coast Castle in Africa, the Complaint made to the House, upon the said 2d Day

to John Peter Gcnfolin, of Marseilles, or Order, Value re- of this instant April, in relation to the Breach of Privilege

ceived of him in Merchandize, as by the said Note, under committed against Sir George Oxenden Baronet, a Member

the Hands of the said Meftieurs Tinker and Cope, now of this House) might be read:

duly vested in the said John and Anthony Allut, and by And the said Instruction being read accordingly;

the said Caprain Gonfolin*s Account, in the said Company's Ordered, That the said Instruction be discharged.

Books, will most evidently appear; and that, by an Act Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit-

passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act tee. That they do hear the Matter of the said Complaint for extending and improving the Trade to Africa,) such upon Friday Fortnight, the 3d Day of May next, of the said Company's Creditors, as were resident in Parts

beyond the Seas, were required to make their Claims The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House being Call of the before certain Commissioners therein named, on or before read; House*

30th Day of December 1750; and that the said John and Anthony Allut, residing altogether at Montpelier, in the Kingdom of France, had no Notice whatsoever of the said Act of Parliament, until after the Expiration of the said limited Time, whereby they were precluded from exhibiting their Claim to the said Commissioners, whose Report is now underConsideration of a Committee of this House: And therefore praying, that the said John and Anthony Allut may not, in respect of such their involuntary Neg-left, be excluded the Benefit intended to the rest of the bond side Creditors of the said Company, but may be permitted to verify their said Claim, at such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England; and also the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bona fide Creditors of the said Company; and also the Papers, which were presented to % this House, upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

Account of Ordered, That the proper . Officer do lay before this Linen, &c. House, an Account of all the Linen and Woollen Manu-Maonfadurea fa£ures, exported from this Kingdom to the British Nor-exported. t}jern Colonies, from the Year 1730 to the Year 1750, with the Value of the said Manufactures, distinguishing each Year and each Colony.

Ditto. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of all the Linen and Woollen Manufactures, exported from this Kingdom to tht British Sugar Island$, from the Year 1730 to the Year 1750, with the Value of the said Manufactures, distinguishing eachYear, and each Island.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being refcd, for the Third Foreign Reading of the ingrafted Bill for naturalizing foreign Pro- Prot^"t< testants;

The House was moved, That the Entry of the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Olave in Southwark, in the County of Surry, together with the principal Inhabitants of the adjacent Parishes, relating to a Number of Palatines brought into the said Parish; and also the several Entries of the Proceedings of the House upon the said Petition (contained in the Journal of the House of the 15th Day of January, in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne) might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the several Entries of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, and of the Proceedings of the House thereupon (contained in the Journal of the House of the 14th Day of April, in the 10th Year of the Reign of the said Queen); and also Part of the Representation made to the said Queen, upon the Report and Resolutions of the House, relating to the bringing over of the Palatines into this Kingdom (contained in the Journal of the House of the 31st Day of May, in the said 10th Year of the Reign of the said Queen) might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

And the Question being pur. That the said Bill be now , read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

.TthbkT^g:"'»r. . } hi.

Tdlers for the Noes. jfj "*’ } 129-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time, upon this Day Two Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i j° die;

Colonial Bills Bejolved, That an humble Address be presented to . his of Credit. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to.direct, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Representation, dated the 4th of September last, made from sundry Inhabitants of Rhode Island to his Majesty, relating to the Bills of Publick Credit in that Colony, and of the Report dated the 12th of February last, made. by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer upon the said Representation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Vol. 26.

Anno 24° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

MR. Warburton presented to the House, according Butt Lane, to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and &c.Road. Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, imthe Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Heiish all's Smithy upon Cranage Green, in the said County, and for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The

Accounts:

Corn exported.

linen Yarn imported.

Linens exported.

Cotton im pdrled.

Rum imported.

Seizures.

punlby Tn-cloiure.

171 170 Aprilis. A. 1751.

- The Motife being informed, that Mr. Rtw, from the the fame) and other commonable Lands there, for the Commissioners of the Customs and Excifr, in Scotland, Approvement of the said Rectory, or Improvement of attended at the Door; the said Rector’s Benefice, and other Purposes therein

He was catted in; and, at the Bar, presented to the mentioned; or that the Petitioner would have a Compen-House, pursuant to their Orders; fation made him, equal to the utmost Value of his Right

An Account of the Corn, distingiiHhing the Species of Common; but that the Petitioner is informed, and thereof, exported from that Part of Great Britain called doth believe, that the said Contradors in the said Agree*

Scotland, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1750, distin- mentor some of them, have, in the Clause in the said guiffiing each Year, together with an Account of the Bill thereto relating, much misrepresented the Quantify,

Bounty paid thereupon; and also the Namps of the Ports, Quality, and Value of the Petitioners said Estate, and from and to which the same wefe exported: And also, have not therein proposed, that the said Governors shall An Account of the gross Produce of the Duties paid alloc and set out, unto, and for his Benefit, an adequare upon foreign Linen Yarn, imported into that Part of Quantity of Land, contiguous or adjoining to his House Great Britain called Scotland, for Seven Years, ending at there, proportionably in Value to his Right of Common,

Christmas 1750,distinguishing each Year: And also, to be held and enjoyed by him the Petitioner, and his An Account of all striped and chequered Linens, ex- Heirs, for ever, in lieu of, and as a Compensation for, ported from thac Part of Great Britain called Scotland, all his or their Right of Common, which nevertheless is during Seven Years, ending at Lady-day 1750, distingurfh- by the said Bill proposed to cease, and be extinguished, as ing each Year: And also, if the Petitioner had been a Party thereto, and was there-

An Account of the Quantities of Cotton imported into by fullyfatrsfied and contented therewith; and that Dunsby that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas Common Fen is computed to contain about One thousand.

1730 to Christmas 1750y distinguishing each Year: And Two hundred Acres, more or less, and the Meadow and also, open Field Lands, wherein the Petitioner hath such Right

An Account of Rum imported into Scotland from his of Common, as aforesaid, to contain, by actual Survey Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, from Christmas lately taken thereof, Five hundred Acres, and upwards:

1748 to Christmas 1750: And also. And therefore, as the said Governors or Contradors have

An Account of Seizures made by the Officers of Excise not at any time come to any Agreement in certain with in Scotland, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1750. the Petitioner for his said Estate, or what shall be allotted

And then he withdrew. him, and set out by Metes and Bounds, as an Equivalent

And the Titles to the said Accounts were read. and Compensation for his Right in the said Commons, so

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be by him, his Heirs and Assigns, held and enjoyed in to be perused by the Members of the House. Severalty, as belonging and appertaining to his Premises

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other for the Time to come, expressing the Hope of the Peti-Papers of this Session. tioner, that the same shall be so allotted, and set out, and

aftured unto him, to the full Value of his Interest therein,

A Petition of Thomas Laurence, of Croyland\ in the before such Bill be passed into a Law for confirming the County of Lincoln, Yeoman, was presented to the House, Agreement before-mentioned, and carrying the same into and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is, and for Execution, and binding the Right of the Petitioner in the some Years last past hath been, legally seised in his De- Premises thereby.

mesne, as of Fee, to the Use only of himself and his Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Heirs, of and rn a certain Freehold Messuage or Tene- sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for consent in Dunsby, in the said County of Lincoln, with a firming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing Barn, Stable, Outhouse, Garden, Yard, and Two Roods the Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in of arable Land in Dunsby Field, and Two Roods, more the Manor and Parish of Dunsby, in the County of Linos less, called a Stongue, in the Meadow there, there- coin, and for rendering the same more effectual, and for unto belonging, in the Tenure or Occupation of John other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Makemdn, at and under the free and clear yearly Rent of

Fifty Shillings, the said Tenant paying the King’s Tax, Mr. Wilson reported from the Committee, to whom Preston, & and all Parish Rates and Assessments, and keeping the the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Road* Premises and Fences in good and tenantable Repairs; with to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Right of Common Jans Nombre, or without Stint, in Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmore-Dunsby Fen, and all other the commonable Places in land, was committed; That the Committee had examined Dunsby aforesaid, for his Cattle, had and taken, and for the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; all Time to come, by virtue thereof, so to be had and and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and taken, according to rheCustom of the Manor of Dunsby, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-and Usage in the said Parish of Dunsby, whereof the Me- reeled him to report to the House; and he read the Re-mory of Man is not to the contrary; and that the Peti- port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tioner beingTo seised and possessed of the Premises, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, as afore- Report was read.

said, was in the last Month applied to, by Letter from And several of the Amendments made by the Com-Thomas Melmoth Esquire, who, the Petitioner is in- mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second formed, and doth believe, is Register to the Corporation time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, or Governors of the Charter House, or Sutton s Hospital, with Amendments tq some of them, agreed to by the in Middlesex, thence dated ‘March -21, 1750, treating House.

with, and using Arguments to induce the Petitioner to Ordered,\ That the further Consideration of the said

accept of some lower Price for the Purchase to be made Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, by the said Governors, as Lords of the said Manor, and

Patrons of the Redory of Dunsby aforesaid, of his the An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Wendovi Petitioners said Estate there, than the Petitioner had set granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the &c.Roa< upon or asked for the fame; that the saidGovernors might, Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the by a Bill now depending before this, House, obtain the County of Bucks, and also for repairing and widening the same to be passed into a Law, for confirming certain Ar- Road leading from the West End of the Town of tVen-tides made between them, the Rector of the said Parish, dover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the and Ordinary of the Place, and others, with James great Road called the Oxford Road, lying between the Digby Gentleman, an Undertaker for draining, and keep- Town of Beconsfield, in the said County of Bucks, and ing dry: Dunsby Common Fen (and dividing and fencing Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and that Part of

2f4 Geo. II.

the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Beconffield to Uxbridge aforesaid; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Wen-dover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called the Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconsfield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Bccor.jfield to the River Colne, near Uxbridge aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir William Stanhope do carry* the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Brtrmpton Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee to High Lane, whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the &c. Road. £a£ Rrumpton High Lane, in the County of York,

to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of AJkrigg&nd Ingleton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second rime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.


A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Holford:

£ Mr. Speaker,

Rctafonof The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Interest on reducing the Interest upon the Capital Stock of the South Stock.8* C°mPany> from Time, and upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for preventing of Frauds committed by the Officers and Servants of the said Company; Without any Amendment: And also,

Woodstock The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An Act: Roads, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enftone, to Roll-right Lane, and from Enjlow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and for making the said Act more effectual, without any Amendment: And also, Crosford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge Road, for repairing the Road from Crosford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also,

CVickleyHill, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ife.Roads, for repairing the Road from the Top Of Cflckley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frog-Mill, and through the Towns of Nor this achy Burfordi and Witney, and Parishes of Handborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kiddington, in the County of Oxford\ and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Citmner, and Bothy, to the City of Oxfordj without arty Amendment: And also,

Ouze The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Navigation, for appointing Commissionets to put in Execution an

made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Werveney, so far as the feme relates to the Navigation of the River commonly called the Lejfer Ouze, from Yhetfori to Brandon, and

Vol. 26.

175

from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wilson’s to enable John Fenwick, lately called John Wilson, and Name% the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fenwick, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Haughton’a for enabling James Langston, formerly called James Haugh~ Name* ton, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, and bear the Family Arms, of Langston, pursuant to the Will of James Langston, his Uncle, deceased, without any Amende ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trials by for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, with some Ju,> Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ellerker’s the effectual Securing of a Jointure, by way of a Rent- J°^nlure-Charge, for Barbary Mainwaring EUerker, Wife of Eaton Mainwaring EUerker Esquire, and raising Portions for their younger Children, pursuant to an Agreement contained in their Marriage Settlement; and for confirming and establishing the Surname of Ellerker, and the Coat of A rms of the Ellerkers of Rijby, in the County of York, and the Crest granted by King Henry the Eighth, to the said Eaton Mainwafing Ellerker, and his I flue: T6 which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Yrentbam presented to the House, accord- Westminster ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed SmaliDebis. in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster,znd that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which adjoineth thereto, and for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First rime.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill for alter-for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for i«g the Style, correcting the Calendar now in Use, was read a Second time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Rifoi'vei, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole House*

Refobed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill

Ordered, That Sir John Abiy have Leave to go to the Leave of Bath, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Message be sent to Message of her Royal Highness the Princess of WalU, to condole with Condolence her Royal Highness on the melancholy Occasion of the p^ceftof great Loss she has lately sustained; and to assure her Royal wales.-Highness of the mofl respectfol and affectionate Regards of this House to her Royal Highness, and her Iffuc, upon whom the Hopes of the Nation are justly placed, for the future Preservation of* the Religion, Laws, and Liberties, of this Country.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe, Mr. Horatio Walpole bf King's Lynn, Sir Lynch Salufbury Cotton, Mr. Bowes,

Mr. Wyndham Obrien, Mr. Southwell, and Mr. Connolly, ‘ do attend her Royal Highness with the said Message.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Pro- Trade of vince of New Jersey, and also Agent for the Colony of American Connecticut, and likewise Agent for the Colony of Rhode Colonlcl-Island and Providence Plantations, in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that in a Petition which has been presented to this House, filled a Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the

Y y British

170 Aprilis.

i74

17’ — 18° si prills.

A. 1751.

Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, thereunto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others trading consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, the Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Petitioner apprehends, the British Subjects in the Northern next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Colonies are most injuriously treated and misrepresented,

as warning in Loyalty and Duty to the King, and their The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Colonial Bills

Mother Country; and a Law is prayed for to prohibit the Reading of the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of <*Credit

Northern Colonies, and them only, from importing Sugar, Credit in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode

Rum, and Melasses, of foreign Growth, into America; Islandand Providence Plantations, Connecticut\ the Majjfa~

and setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Pro- chujets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent

vince and Colonies in North America are very numerous, the same being legal Tenders in Payments of Moneyj

are settled in cold and severe Climates, and condantly take Ordered, That the said Order be podponed.

off and consume great Quantities of the Woollen and

other Manufactures of this Kingdom, whereby they con- The other Order of the Day being read;

tribute to the Wealth and Intered of Great Britain, in its Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mon*- Ways and

Trade, Navigation, and Revenues; and that, as the Ba- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means.

lance of such Trade is against the Northern Colonies, and House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising

they have not Returns of their own Growth sufficient to the Supply granted to his Majesty.

pay the Debt, which they always owe here, they are in-

duftrious in seeking out Opportunities to make Remit- The podponed. Order of the Day being read, for the G>looialBiHi

tances for the fame, and to carry on useful and beneficial Second Reading of the Bill to regulateand restrain Paper of Credit.

Trades and Businesses, to procure finally such Remittances Bills of Credit n his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations hither; and in carrying on the fame, as well as for their daily of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut,

Food and Sudenance, stand in need of large Quantities the MassachuJets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, of Melasses, Sugar and Rum, which the British Sugar and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments Iflandscannotsupply them within any Proportion to their of Money;

Neceflkies,and forwhichalfotheydemandfuchPrice,asthe The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in: Circumstances of the poor mdufcfous North Americans, and And the said Bill was read a Second time:

.of their Trades and BufinefsjCaifby no means afford to give; And the Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for and

and further alleging, That the Inhabitants in North Ame- on the behalf of the Governor and Company of the English rica are so far from deserving the injurious Charges laid Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, in Ncak upon them by the Sugar Planters, that they have very fre- England, in America, was also read: questly (and particularly of late) given the most difintc- And One of the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard:

reded and incontestible Proofs of their Zeal and Loyalty And then the Counsel on both Sides were diredeed to

to the King’s Person and Government, and of their Duty withdraw.

jto their Mother Country, and divers of them have fecri- Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the

ficed their Lives and Fortunes for the Annoyance of the said Bill be adjourned till. Tomorrow Sevennigbc.

King’s Enemies, and for gaining the most valuable of Acquisitions from them; and that the Petitioner conceives, Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham have Leave to make a

that such Charges are made against the King’s most faith? Motion, it being ne$r Five of the^Clock.

ful, loyal, and useful Subjects in North America, in order And he moved the House accordingly.

to bring them under the Displeasure of this House, the And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ellerkert

better to carry on the Project of the Sugar Iflancjers, to Act for the effectual Securing of a Jointure, by way of

the Undoing of the People in North America, and to the Rent-Charge, for Barbara Mainwaring Ellerker, Wife

great Prejudice of this Kingdom in many Respects; and of Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker Esquire, and raising Por-

that the Inhabitants of the said Province and Colonies have lions for their younger Children, pursuant to an Agree-

had no Possibility of hearing of the said Charge, or of the ment contained in their Marriage Settlement; and foe

dangerous Scheme projected thereon (which may affect confirming and establishing the Surname of Ellerker, and every thing that is dear and valuable to them), and much the Coat of Arms of the Ellerker s of Rijby, in the County

less of defending themselves against the feme, or of Ihcw- of fork, and the Crest, granted by King Henry the

ing the pernicious Consequences which would attend the Eighth, to the said Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker, and his

present Project of the said Sugar Islands: And therefore, Issue; was read the First time.

in behalf of the said Province and Colonies, praying the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

House to take into their Consideration, the great Weight

and Importance of the present Application; and that the Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committeeoi House will not please to examine into the fame, or any tions be adjourned. Privilege*.

Representations which may be made thereof by the Sugar

Planters only, bi^y.ill be pleased to afford the Inhabitants And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

of the said Province and Colonies an Opportunity of Morning, Nine of the Clock,

knowing the fame, and of instructing their Agent thereon;

or that the House will afford such other Relief in the — ..... — —

Premises, and in such Manner, as to the House shall

seem meet.

Ordered, That t\\e said Petition do lie upon the Table

yovisy 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 24° Georgii II4i Regis, 1751.

M<miesCoal . ^TheLord Advocate of Sca/iW presented to the House, Machine, according to Order, a Bill for vetting, for a certain Term

of Years, in Michael Menzies Esquire, his Executors, Ad*

AN ingrossed Bill for the more speedy and easy Re- Lincoln covery of small Debts within the City of Lincoln, S^oall X>ebts.

Prayers.

ministrators, and Assigns, the sole property of a Machine, covery of small Debts within the City of Lincoln,

by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places and County of the fame, and the Liberties and Precincts where they are dug to the Heaps at the Mouths of the thereof, and within the Clofc and Bail of Lincoln, within Pits,' and, in some Cafes, from the Heaps to the Staiths, the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

— — 3 — ? — — r- ----- 7 - — — t — f — j ——

or Places where they arc put on board Ships or Keels: Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

And the same was received; and read the First time. be, An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, small Debts within the City of Lincoln, and County of the

the same was received; and read the First time. be, An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of

Jolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, small Debts within the City of Lincoln, and County of the fame City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and

fame City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for thcHouse to

The Order of the Day being read, for the^Jioufe to within the Bail of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln.

V.

And

44 Geo. II. 18° Aprilis. 175

And then the Blank left in the_ Bill for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Monjon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 frefton, &c. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the

Road. adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lan-easter and Westmoreland, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

T he House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

I And the ReGdue of the Amendments, made by the

Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and (except One of them, which was disagreed to) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed

I to by the House: And several Amendments were made

| by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

At i* '

; Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House) That their

1 Addrefc. Address of Yuefday last (that his Majesty would be gra-

ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Representadon and Report, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Nar An ingrossed Bill for making the River Nar navigable Navigation from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to Westacrey in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the River Nar navigable from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Yownfhend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Avon A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, Navigajon. other the inhabitants, of the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, andorthe Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Old Stratford, Bint on, WelfordWeston upon Avon, Clifford Loxley, and Hampton Lucy, in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, by reason of their Situation upon, or near to, the Banks of the River ill ’ Avon, running from Stratford upon Avon aforesaid, through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, are greatly concerned and interestec^n the Navigation carried on upon the said River; and thatntHe said Navigation hath been of late Years dii"couraged, and the good Ends and Purposes of a clause, contained in an Act passed in the 14th , Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in favour of Persons having Occasion to navigate upon the said River, have, in a great measure; been frustrated, by reason that the Rates of Tonnage on Coals, and all Kinds of Goods and Merchandize, both up and down the River, hath been not only uncertain and various, according to the arbitrary Will and Humour of the Persons claiming stich Tonnage, but hath been exacted in an undue and exorbitant Manner; and that the Publick in general, and the Petitioners in particular, have been great Sufferers by the bad State into which the Navigation of the said River is reduced, by the Means aforesaid, and are likely to be still more so, unless by the Aid of Parliament the Rates of Tonnage upon the said River can be ascertained: And therefore praying. That the Cale of the Petitioners may be taken into the Consideration of the House; and some suitable Provision may be made for them, in case any Bill shall be brought in, in consequence of the fevc-ral Petitions already presented to this House, touching the Navigation of the said River, and the Fixing of the Rates of Tonnage thereon; and that the Petitioners may Vol. 26.

have Fuch further and other Relief in the Premises, ii to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, is referred.

The Lord Downs reported to the House, That her princefsof Royal Highness the Princess of Wales had been attended Wales" An-with the Message of this House, to condole with her pvcr to Mef-Royal Highness upon the Death of his late Royal High- a^c* nefa the Prince of Wales; and that her Royal Highness the Princess was pleased to return this Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you Thanks for this Proof of your Duty to his Majesty; and am much obliged to you for the Concern and Regard you express on this melancholy Occasion.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles of Agree- Hutton ment for inclosing the Common Pastures and Common Inclosure. Grounds, within the Manor of Hutton Bushel, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing the Common Pastures and Common Grounds, within the Manor of Hutton Bushell, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ?c*n* for the Sale of a capital Messuage at Bromley. and divers E ates* Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, fate the Estate of Sir Charles Beers Knight, deceased, some Time since One of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom Mercers the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in Company*! the Twenty-first Year of, the Reign of his present Ma- tcs* jesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed ter by the;House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Complaint being made to the House, that Sir John Privilege* Mclesworth Baronet (a Member of this House) was, upon Yhurfday Night last, about Eleven of the Clock, apprehended by Ybomas Mason, a Constable of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the Liberty of Westminster; and was, by the said Yhomas Mason, infulced and abused, and detained in Confinement all Night, in Breach of the Privilege of this House; and that Daniel Came, High Constable of the City and Liberty of Westminster, coming to the Place where the said Sir John Molejworth was so

detain

I j6 i8o — *ip° Aprilis

detained, did, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, refuse to discharge the said Sir Job* Molesworth* except upon Condition that he would take no Notice of what bad passed; which Condition the said Sir John Mvlefwcrtb refusing to comply with, and the said HighConstable thereupon going away, the said Sir John Mdesworth was detained for some Hours longer.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Mason be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Daniel Carne be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.:

Alconbury A Petition of the Inhabitants and principal Traders of Road«&C the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York* was pre-

oa ‘ fented to the House, and read * reciting Part of a Petition

presented to the House from the Trustees, appointed for executing the Powers veiled in them by several Acts of Parliament made for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to Wandsford Bridge, in the same County; and alleging, That the said Road from Alconbury Hill to Wandsford aforesaid, being the great Poll Road from London to the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, has been extremely well repaired by the Monies yearly collected at the Turnpikes at Saltree and Wandsford aforesaid, and Hill continues in such good Repair, that the Petitioners, in common with all others travelling on the said great Poll Road, conceive the same Tolls, instead of being continued for making and repairing the Roads from Stilton to Peterborough* and from Alconbury . Hill, to Barnwell Gate, being Roads quite across the Country, and no-ways belonging to the great Poll Road, at the Expence, and not for the lead Benefit of the Travellers on the said great Poll Road, ought to be reduced for the good of the Publick in general; and that, if the Bill prayed for by the said Trustees, should be established into a Law, it is manifestly evident, that the same will be to the entire Disadvantage of the said great Poll Road, and consequently to the great Prejudice of the many Inhabitants resident on the North Side of Wandsford aforesaid: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament, palfed in the 9th and t 2th Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein-mentioned, between the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, being the North Division; and of others, the Gentlemen of the said County of Huntingdon, and the County of Northampton, adjoining, or near to the said Road, is referred 5 and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Trade of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of

American the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants

Colonies. of iJDn^on jn general, and of the British Sugar Planters,

Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others, trading to, , and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, That they do admit Counsel to be heard in favour of the said Petition, against the several Petitions which have been presented to the House, relating to the said Petition,

The other Order of the Day being read

Complaint The House proceeded to take into Consideration the against Gene- feVcral Papers which have been presented to the House therAnftrU" this Session Parliament, relating to General An-

Jlrutber*

And the Copy of the Report of the Committed of Council, upon hearing and examining into Eight of thtf most material Articles of Complaint against General An-Jlrutber* as Lieutenant-Governor of the 1 Hand of Minorca, contained in the Petition of Juan Miry Efpineta, Chief Magistrate of Mahon* in the island of Minorca* as Sjta-dick, and for and on behalf of the University and Conf^ mons of Mahon, and the Rest of the Uni verfities and Com^ mortS of Minorca* with his Majesty’s Approbation of the# laid Report, dated the 16th of March 1748, being read 5

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gracioully1 pleased to give such further Directions, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom* shall think proper, for obliging Lieutenant-General An- Jlrutber to make Satisfaction to certain Complainants of the Island of Minorca* according to an Order of his Majesty for that Purpose, signified to the said Lieutenant-General Arftrutber, in pursuance of a Report of the Right Honourable the Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council,approved by his Majesty the iSthof March 1748.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his1 Majesty’s mdft Honourable Privy Council.

Then the Copy of the Report of the Committee of Council to his Majesty, upon the Petition and Appeal df Don Juan Company and Gomday Doctor of Law, his Majesty’s faithful Suhjed, and Inhabitant of Mahon* in the Island of Minorca* complaining against General A*/fon* ther, and others, together with his Majesty’s Order id Council made thereupon, for reversing the Sentenct: passeJ against the Petitioner, dated the 29th of March 17 50, was read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Papers, which have been prefenced to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to General Anfirutber, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 190 die Aprilis;

Anno 44* Georgii IT1 Regis, 1751. Prayers.

SIR John Rushout reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Eve-sham, in the County of Worcester; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Parjhore* and the Villages of Penfham* Wick*. Great Comber ton* Little Comber ton* Birlingham, Ecking-ton, Bredon, Defford* Strensham* Cropthorne, Fladbwy* Piddle* and Hampton, in the County of Wonester* in behalf of themselves, and Other Persons interested in the Navigation of the River Avon, running from the Borough of Stratford, in the County of Warwick* to the Borough of Tewkcfbury, in the County of Gloucester* and also the Petition of the Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Borough of Chipping Campden* and other the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishesof Mickle-ton* Pcbworth* Hony bourne* A ft on. West on* Saintbury* and Willersley, in the County of Gloucester* on behalf of themselves, and others interested in the Navigation of the River Avon* running through the Counties Of Warwick* Worcester* ^nd Gloucester; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the several Parishe$ of Offenham* Uttletons* Cleve* Bidford* Salford, Har+ vington* Norton* and Lencbes* in the Counties of Worcester and Wai-wick* in behalf of themselves, and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the River Avon, running from the Borough of Stratford, in the County of Warwick* to the Borough of Tewkesbury* in the County, of 5 Gloucester;

Avon

Navigation.

24 Geo. II.

Glouafter; and also the Petition of Herbert Lord Viscount Windsor, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Mount-joy, of the Isle of tVight; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was readj and is as followed* viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the Four First-mentioned Petitions, the Agent for the Petitioners produced an attested Copy of an original Grant of King Charles the First, dated the 7 th of April, in the 1 ath Year of his Reign, and directed to Certain Commissioners therein named; which recites, thajt Hrilliam Sandys, of Fladbury, in the County of Worcester, Esquire, had undertaken, at his own Charge, to make the River Avon, from the Severn, to or near the City of Coventry, and also some other Streams falling into the fame, running through the Counties of Warwick; Worcester, and Gloucester, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, for the better supplying the said Counties with Wood, Iron, Pit Coal, and ocher Commodities, which they then wanted; and that the said William Sandys had also been at great Charges, in purchasing Estates, and otherwise, for bringing the said Work to Perfection; in Recompence whereof, his Majesty was pleased to grant to the said William Sandys only the Benefit of the Water Carriages, upon the said River, as in such Cases were nfual and that his said Majesty well approving the Undertaking of the said William Sandys, tending so much to the publick Good of the aforesaid Counties, by opening a Passage by Water through an inland Country, whereby the Commerce of those Parts (which then, by reason of the Length and Foulness of the Ways, was much interrupted) would be greatly enlarged, did thereby appoint Commissioners to determine Differences, and to facilitate the said Work,so advantageous to the Publick; with such further Powers, as are therein mentioned; which Grant was to have Continuance, until his Majesty should think fit to revoke the fame.

Then aClause in an Act, of the 14th of Charles the ad. Was read; which cnafts. That the River Avon, then made navigable by the said William Sandys, should be continued, maintained, and preserved, and all Differences that might thereafter arise, were to be determined by the Commissioners therein named: But it doth not appear to your Committee, by whom, or for how long Time, the said Navigation was to be preserved or continued, nor in whom the Property thereof was vested; or that the Commissioners therein named (who have all been long since dead) had ever any Power to afeercain the Rates of Tonnage, i£c. upon the said River.

Thar, from the Want of Power to ascertain the Rates as aforesaid, frequent Disputes have arisen between the Pofllflhrs of the said Navigation, and the several Persons navigating the said River.

And, in order to shew the Nature of those Disputes, and the Inequality of the several Rates of Tonnage, and that m'jft Parts of the Coal Trade have been ingrossed by the Possessors of the said Navigation,

The Agent for the Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz. '

Charles Jcnes, who said, That about 19 Years ago he emptied 30 Yon of Coals at Harvod's Hurst, for which he paid 3/. to Mr. Hodges, a Renter of Part of the River; and that when he came to Evesham his Vessel was locked up, and he paid 3/. more to Mr. Biddle; that when he paid the 3/. to Mr. Hodges, he did not expect to have paid any thing more, but $d. a Ton at Evesham; and that he disputed with Mr. Biddle about the Payment of the 3/.; but Mr. Bidale locked up his Vessel, and said. That the 3/. was his Right, and not Mr. Hodges's; and thar, in caie he had not paid the 3/. demanded by Mr. Bidd.e, he would not have suffered his Vcffei to pass down the River:

That the Renters of the River dislike that Coals should be disposed of to any Persons but themselves; and the . \v itness had been told, that if he emptied any Coals at Vol. 26.

177

Evefltdm Pound, he (liouid pay $ x. a Ton j that he had Avofl paid ax. at Evesham, and ax. at Biiford\ and for Sleek Navigation Coal, at Parjhore, he had paid a Halfpenny and a Penny a Buihel i

That he had Carried Coals to Straiford, arid paid 15 d. a Tdn, and 3^. at Evesham, in returning:

That from Ttwkesbury, where the Navigation begins, to Stratford, is about 35 Miles; that from Tewkesbury to Evesham there are Seven Locks, and from Evesham to Stratford Seven more; and that within these Six Years the Witness had paid at Bredon fdmetimes 6d. and sometimes 8 d. a Ton 5 and that he never remembered the Tonnage lower than 6d.; that at Eckington Bridge the Tonnage is ix. and in the next Pound, which is Nafford, it is 2x.; that above Parjhore it is ax. 6 d. and at Evejbani 3 s.; and that, at all the Locks above Evesham, every Vessel pays 12 d.

Being cross-examined, he said, He knew of no new Exaction at Parjhore. And being a(kcd, if he was not advised by Mr. Biddle not to unlade any Coals at Har-votTs Hurst, he said, He was not, till he had paid the 3 /. to Mr. Hodges, and 3 U to Mr. Biddle; and after that Time, Mr. Biddle did say, That if any Person emptied any Coals there, they mull pay 5 x. a Ton; and that, if* the Tonnage was the same there as at Evesham, he should have landed more Coals there:

That he does not know why Coals were not Unladen at Harvod’s Hurst before, unless that it would have been a Denial of Waggons coming down to Evesham, which is about a Mile and a Half further:

And being asked the Reason, why less is paid for Tonnage at Stratford than Evesham, he said, He thought it was to encourage Vessels to come up there; for that, was the Tonnage the same at Stratford as Evesham, it would hurt the Trade:

That from Tewkesbury, every Sluice increases in the Tonnage; and beyond Evesham, up to Stratford, every Sluice decreases.

Mr. Ashfield\ the Agent on behalf of the Possessors of the Navigation, admitted the Halfpenny a Buflhel extraordinary being took at Parjhore, for Two Years; and said, That it was the Mistake of a new Tenant; and also admits the Exaction of the id. at Bredon; and fays, It is owing to the Tenant.

John Owen, a Waterman, aged 75 Years, said. That he had used the River Avon 60 Years, and remembered all the Renters of the River since that Time; viz. Mr.

Rudge, Mr. Bartlett, Mark Romel, Thomas Romel, Mr.

William Biddle, and his Son, the present Mr. Joseph Biddle:

That above 50 Years ago he paid 4 d. a Ton for Coals at Slrensham, and 6d. there in Mr. Bartlet's Time; and that he had paid a Groat a Ton between Strenjbant and Nafford:

That he had landed 60 Ton of Coals at One Time, for which he paid only 3d. a Ton; the greatest Part whereof were landed at Deford Key: That lie had landed Coals at Pinmilford, and paid \id. a Ton, and at Par-shore, and paid 18 d. to Francis Bough, who said he rented the Tonnage of Mr. Rudge: That at Lencbwick he had paid 18 d. and above the Sluice ax. and at Great and Little Hampton, in Chadbury Pound, he paid 2x.

That he has landed Coals at Bidford and Stratford\ and paid 15 d. exclusive of the $d. at Evesham, in returning:

That the Rates had always been the same at Bidford and Stratford, since the Witness had known the River; but that they had increased at other Places about 30 Years.

And being a(ked, if any new Works had been done upon the River, that might occasion an Increase of the Rates ? he said, He did not remember any:

That in Mark RomeFs Time, the Witness used to pay a Groat a Ton at Bredon, and a Groat at Twining; and he never paid him more; but that he had paid to Turbut, RomeFs Tenant, 6 d. towards the latter End of his Time, at Bredon; that then Turbut raised it to 8 d. (bon after which the Witness left the River:

Z a That -

if Aprilis.

k*

i p° Apr

A: 175!*

Avon Thai the tuft Time he paid 6d. at Bredon, was at the ness used formerly to pay 3 s. but that of late it goes Navigation, farter End of Bartlett's Time: That he had paid a. Half- under the Denomination of Merchants Goods; and is penny a Bushel at EveJJjam; but said it was since raised therefore charged 4 s.; that Cyder used only to pay 12 A to Three Farthings: a Hogshead, and now pays 15d.\ but; the Hogsheads

That he had paid for Timber at Evefjam 1 2d. a Ton; are proportionably larger: , and for Three Waggon Loads of Household Goods, of That for 32 Years 3/. 4d. had been paid for Tonnage 7,coo/. Value, 7 s. 6d. Tonnage. of Merchants Goods at Evesham, and 4/. at Stratford,

Being cross-examined, he was asked, if 4 d. at Bredon without Variation, was not the usual Price? he said. It was* and that 18d. The Agent for the Renters of the Navigation admits had been always paid at Parjhore. the Prices of Tonnage to ,be ,.as mentioned by the

Joseph Bofward\ Brick and Tile Maker, said, That Witness. '

about 26 Years ago he took in Coals at Bidford, and Mr. Francti who had repted that Part of the Na-. paid for Tonnage and Wharfage is. a Ton; it then rose vigation from Nafford Mill, to Hanbury Bridge, of Mr. . to is. 3d. about Three Years after; and about a Year Biddle, for some Time, at iQol. and afterwards at 110L after to is. 6d. and the next Year to 2s. 9d. and so per Ann. said, That hej^ept a Coal Y^ard at Parjhore, and \ about 3 d. every Year, till near 20 Years ago: That the used, upon an Average, to give about 8 s. a Ton for Witness would pay those Rate^ no longer; but agreed Coals; and which he used to foil again for about 1 u-., with a Bargeman to deliver his Coals at another Place: a Ton. \ . .*

That then the Proprietors of the Navigation locked up And being asked, if Mr. Biddle did not tell him, that the Barge; and the Witness took out a Writ of Replevin he (Biddle) bought Coals cheaper than the Witness ? he for the Recovery thereof; which was no sooner known said, He did:

to the Proprietors of the Navigation, than they carried That the Tonnage of Coals at Parjhore is 2 s. 6 d. and die Barge into Wcrcestershire: That when the Witness below the Bridge 2 s.; that there had been Plenty of came to execute the said Writ, the Proprietors demanded Coals at Parjhore, when they have been scarce at Evesham 5 i 2J. a Ton, the same he had before tendered them, and and have been sold by the Witness at Parjhore for 12 A which he then paid, and the Vessel was fot at Liberty; a Ton.

That afterwards, the Witness was informed no more Being asked, if Mr. Biddle did not refuse to give him than is. 9d. used to be paid to the former Renters of Liberty to fell Coals to the People at or near Evesham, at the River for Tonnage: The next time he tendered that the same Price they were sold at Parjhore? he said, That Sum; which the Renters received: And he continued to Mr. Biddle told him, that if he fold Coals in his Libercy pay the fame, about Three Years: That then it was again (meaning to the People of Evesham) he must pay him raised to is. and the Witness had paid 2s. ever since: 4 s. a Ton; and that Teams from ^Evesham, and the

That Tile, for which he used to pay not quite 12d. a Country, came for Coals; and that the Witness did not Thousand, he now pays 3s. yd. That he ipeaks from fell them any, on Account of the 4 s. extraordinary Ton-Bidjord, down the River, to any Place, though but for nage; but told them, that the 4.*-. extraordinary was by 1 Five Miles: And upon his asking Mr. Hodges the Reason Mr. Biddle's Order, and Mr. Biddle was to have it.

for such advanced Price, he was told, it was Mr. Biddle's But, being cross-examined, he said, That the 4 s. ex-Orders to take no less. traordinary, infilled on by Mr. Biddle, was not said to be

Being cross examined, he said, That the Tiles he men- for Tonnage; and that he believed he was under an tioned were for Malt Kilns, which were heavier than Agreement with Mr. Biddle, not to fell any Coals in his common Tiles, though not twice as heavy; but that they Liberty. And being, asked, if the Demand of the 4^ were the same Species of Tile, for which he formerly paid was not subsequent to the Agreement ? he said, It was 12d. that he then paid js. yd. previous to the Agreement; but that he did not look

Being asked the Question, he said, That he looked upon it to be for Tonnage, upon the 1 s. yd. at Bid/ordJ as the whole Tonnage; And, being asked the Question, he said, That he did and that it was the same that used to be paid to John not know any Body, except Mr. Badger, that fold Coals Miller: at Parjhore:

That the Money was demanded by Mr. Mason, and That the Witness used to give 2d. or 3d. a Bushel Mr. Hodges; and the Witness threatened to be sued, if he for Smiths Coal, Tonnage (1 d. a Bushel) included; and did not pay it: And that he had been forced to leave off fold the same again for 6 d. a Bushel; and he gave 21A his Business, the Bargemen being afraid to take his Goods, or 2 \d. a Bushel, for Sleek Coal; which he fold for on Account of the high Tonnage. 4 d.; the Tonnage of which, and also of Coak Coal, was

Mr. Ashfield, the Agent for the Renters of the Navi- {d. a Bushel.

gation, infills on no more than 2 s. at Bidford; and And, being asked the Question, he said, He had heard as to what has been took more, he knows nothing poor People complain, that they were not so well used by of Mr. Badger, as when the Witness rented that Part of the

Charles Oldacre, a Miller, said. That the Tonnage of River; and when they have so complained, Badger's Wife \Vhear, from Stratford to Cleeve Mill, is 2 s. yd. a has told them, they might go to another Shop.

Weigh; and that 6d. a Sack, which is 4 s. yd. a Weigh, And being asked, if there were any other Shops in is charged afterwards upon the Flour, if it goes the whole Parjhore ? he said, There were not; and that the nearest Length of the Navigation. Place from thence, where they could have great Coals,

And, being cross-examined, he was asked, if he did is Evesham-, which is Five Miles from thence by Land, not dispose of as much Corn to his home Customers, as Being cross-examined, he said, That he did not know he received from Stratford? he said, He believed he did. that People were obliged to take Coals of Badger; and John EJiop said, That the Tonnage of Meal down the that Piddle is but a Mile from Parjhore; and chat Coals River is 2s. yd. a Weigh at Stratford, and 35. at Eve- are fold there:

Jhatn; that the Tonnage of Wheat and Flax Seed is the That the Tonnage of a Load of Poles, at Parjhore, same; and that he had never known any Alteration used to be 1 s.; and that they weigh about Two Ton: therein: That a Hogshead of Oil or Cyder was 7 d. or 7\d.

That the Tonnage from Stratford to <TecwkeJhury is for and for Twigs and Rushes (at the Time the Witness Barky and Rape Seed as. yd. a Weigh, and for Clover rented the River) used to pay nothing; but that he had Seed 4 s. a Ton; that for Malt, and Grass Seed, is. yd. heard they now pay a Farthing a Bundle: is paid at Straiford, and 3s. at Evesham; that Wine, from And that Flour and Wheat used to pay the same Tori-TeivkeJJjury to Stratford, is 5 s. a Ton: and always used nage, 12d. a Weigh; that the Witness had lately looked to be the same: into his Books of Tonnage, and found, that Wheat used

That Coopers Timber and Deal Boards are 3s. yd. a to be charged One Farthing a Bushel, and Bricks various Ton; and Wheelwrights Timber 4 s. for which the Wit- Prices.

- Ab<1


14 Geo. It: Aprifis

And being asked,if there were any Distcrencfr between Grant; between 'Piddle arid Fladbury, is the fame; that Avon

the Tonnage of Flour* and Meal? he said, He,did not Cdfh; between \Chadbury and Evesham, is 3J. a Weigh, Katrigations:

know of any, or had ever heard of any. the same Price‘as at Evesham \ that Veffrls pay 6rf. at

The Agent for the Renters of the Navigation admits, every Weivand bid. at the Locks; and that the bd. used that the Tonnage of Coals at P’arjbort is asjbd. aHvay^ to be paid at the Weirs, but not at the Locks, till and below the Bridge as.s and that no more (han of kite. "

One Halfpenny a Bushel is due for Sleek and Coak And, being alked the Question, he said, That he did /

Coal. J c . ., ndt'BelieVt iheDuties received-at the Locks and Weirs,

Mr. ibQmas Smith, who had been acquainted with the upofr the RlVer, would Jbe Efficient to keep the Naviga-Navigation from Cumberton to Tewkesbury, for 24 Yeats, tion in Repair.

and from Tewkesbury to Evesham, 12 Years, said. That thfe 'TO/. Proprietors of the Navi-

Tonnage of a Sack of Flour, from Chadbury to TeWkts- ;1 ’ gatidrr,1 mfffts drt no more tton r'i. a Ton at Ham-

bury, is 3id. and the Freightage j{</. $ that ri\e- Wit- L -bofoUjgB Bridge; and that the $s» took there,* was

ness had complained to Mr. Biddle, of the unreasonable- wfdhgfoll/toofe1by tteTfchaht;wd

ness of the Tonnage (which is more than the Freightage) JtfepWEiftnty fa&yThzi some Years ago he hid lived and had been answered by‘Mr. Biddle, that if he was dif- at Hampton, near Evesham-, and that he went with a Load ' satistied,he would make Merchants Goods of it; that is,: o?K^rntoP&Jk)rtC and intended to carry back a, Load raise it to $d. a Sack: of Coals ;irthar upon iiis applying to one Fields who kept

That the Witness had paid for Grain in general, in: the Uda] Yard at Parjhore^he was told^Fhat he could have Strensham Pound, Sd. aWeigh, and zt Nafford and Tewkes- no Coabbnder 16L a Ton, by realoo that Mr.'Biddle in-j bury nd.; that it is between Seven and Eight Miles (HWd on 4^. Toh'for every Ton of Coalk sold by^Field', from Nafford to Tewkesbury, and there are Three Locks; to go towards Esvesham -, that-’he[Biddle) supposed>h©' and it is about 15 or 16 Miles from Fladbury toTewkesbury, ffiotdd have fold, finad nOt*the Bridge beeridown* whetdby and there are Six Locks; and that the Tonnage is the Vessels were^prev^hted cbhring up the River, same if you pass the Three Locks, as if you pass the Six And Being aflked, what the Inhabitants 0{'Parjhore paid

Locks: for Coals;rae:thdt Titne? heTfiid; About 12 j*. a Ton.

That Grain in general, between Fladbury and Tewkes- And being alked, if he knew of any1* Agreement be-bury, pays is. a Weigh; and that formerly the Wicness tween' Mr. Biddle and Mr. Field? he laid. He did not; had put Grain on board below Hambcrough Bridge, for that Hampton is about a; Mile from Evesham, and in that which he pad is. a Weigh; and that of late he has paid District.1 >1 /

3s. to Mr. Biddle. Jama Owen said,-That he had known: the River Avon

That the Tonnage is very different on One Side the above $q Years; that he remembered Turbet's receiving River, from what it is on the other, though in the same the Tonnage at Br'edoW, about 30 Years ago; and that'

Pound; for that at Hamborough Bridge, on the Charleion the Wicness used to; pay-6 d. a Ton for Coals; that Tiehad Side, is. is paid, and on the Chadbury Side 3s.: paid for landing Coals at Harvod's Hurtt 5s. aTon; 2s.

That the Witness cannot assign any Reason for such to Mr, Hodges, and 31/to Mr. Biddle; and that, upon his Difference; but that Mr. Biddle has the Chadbury Side, oncerefufing to pay it, Me. Biddlecaufed the Sluice to bd and Mr. Badger the Charkton Side; that the Witness had1, locked upon him, and detained his Vessel Three Days; been charged by Mr Biddle 31. and by Mr. Badger is. that the Witness never landed any Coals there before or a Weigh, both in the same Pound, and at the same tiihe, since: \

which he had paid; and that he had been obliged to leave That from Stratford to Tewkesbury the Tonnage of off carrying Grain, on Account of the Exorbitancy of the Wheat is 3 s. a Weigh, and of Barley 2 s. 9 d.

Tonnage: And being asked, if any thing is paid at Parfoore

That the usual Price of Tonnage of Wheat, from Par- Weirs, besides the Tonnage?* he said, That bd. is paid Shore to Tewkesbury, was 1 s. a Weigh; but that for above? both going up and returning; and that it had been paid a Year it had been 1 bd.; and upon the Witness’s alkitigj for frvcral Years, though not at first when he knew the the Realon of such Advancement, he was told by Mr. River:

Badger, That it was Mr. Biddle's Orders to raise it; and That both up and downthe Rjver bd. is paid at every that the Witness had paid the 1 bd. not knowing how to Weir, and \ad. at every Mill, if the Miller draws the help himself. Water; and that at Eveffoam Mill the Witiiefs had

And, being alked the Question, he said, That he was paid 5 s. not threatened to have his Vessel locked up, in case he had That the Tonnage on Coals, between Strensham and notpaid the 1 bd., but that several People have had their Nafford, is xad. a Ton; and from Nafford to Parjhore Vessels locked up, upon that Account, as he imagines; as.; and at Parjhore Town is. bd. as it is usual, when Disputes arise about the Tonnage, td And,bcingcross-examinedjhe was alked ifthe Sixpences detain the Vessel; but the Witness does not know of any had any thing to do with the Tonnage ? he said, It is paid Vessel in particular being detained. for setting the Weir; but that of late Years he had paid

Upon being alked the Question, he said, That he be- it, whether the Weirs had been set or nor: lleved he might pay about i jo 1. per Annum Tonnage; ~ That the Tonnage from Chadbury to Evesham is 3 j.;

and though he has alked Mr. Biddle for Receipts, he has and between Evesham Sluice and Harvington the Witness been answered, That he never gave any; but did not had paid 5*; but he never landed any there, before or assign any Reason for it: Fince; and the Reason for his not landing any more therej

That the Tonnage of black Poles, from Parjhore to was, Mr. Biddle threatened to make him pay double Ton-Evesham, is is. & Load, which weighs about Three Ton; nage there; but that he was never threatened at any other and Wine and Cyder 7d. a Hogshead at Parjhore, and Place:

10d. at Evesham: That between Harvington and Ludington the Rates are

That the Tonnage of Brick at Parjhore is as. bd. a as. aTon; and between LudingtOri' and Stratford 15^.;

Thousand, which is the usual Price: and 3</. at Evesham, in returning.

That the Tonnage of Clover Seed at Evesham is 3^ Being cross-examined, he was alked. If the Tonnage 4 d. a Ton; and Grain in general 35. a Weigh: upon Coals was as high at Stratford as at Evesham, whe-

That, as Tenant to Mr. Biddle, he had collected the ther he'thought any Coals would ‘be sold at Stratfordt Rates of Tonnage between Strensham and Nafford Sluice; he said, He thought not; as the Land Coals would beat and that he does not remember any Variation therein, them:

cither on Merchants Goods or on Grain: That he had never known any Variation in the Ton-

That the Rates on Merchants Goods at Parjhore, and nage, except the ad. at Bredon, since he first used the Na-Fladhury, are as. bd.-, and that the Witness had paid the vigation; but that he had left the River these Twenty larpe to Badger s that Corn is 1 s. a Weigh; and that all Years,

Vql. 26. William


y4o if Aprils* 1751.

William Goodwin, Bargeman, said, That the Tonnage ^tion. of Coals at Bredon ytas formerly 6d. but ^forward? role to 8d , rhac he had landed Smiths Coals a\Eckington . Bridge, and paid a Halfpenny a Bushel; at.Fiddle, and paid 1 </. a Bushel; at Or of thorn Heath* a (id paid id. a BusheJ; and at Evesham, and paid 41. 6</. a Weigh, which is 48 Bushels: ... .; ,r ;v:4

That the Witntfs had landed Two Weigh as Harvod's, Hurst, for which he paid 9 x. a Weigh, to the present Mr. Biddle. ’/.,/

And being afleed, how he came "to pay so high aTJo?" nage as 9 x. a Weigh,? he said, Mr Biddle told him it was an unlawful Place; that it was within his Bounds; and that the Witness should not empty any therej 'ancJ that had die Witness emptied them above the Sluice, ^e lhodd have only paid 3 x. 54d. a Weigh. -4. - VvV> ,

Being cross-examined, he.was sliced, how h^fame jto pay ps. a Weigh to Mr. Biddle, at Haryoq's- Hurst; when he might, by^la^ing^cmifopTards htghpr^h^ve imp^ tied for less ? he said, That wl^eo/he landed rhym, he c)idr not know that the Tonnage was so high, or he should not have emptied them there:* \ \

That he had -bought Limeftpneat Bris ol, for 10d. a Ton, at the Quarry, which he has ;brought as B^llaft to; Stratford, and for which he,-paid there, for Tonnage, 31.; and had alia brought AUbafter and Lime from thence, to Stratford\ and had paid 4x.;a Too:.: /

That the Tonnage of Wheat, from C/xw Mill to Stratford, is is.yd. a Weigh, and of FJour6*/.a Sack:

That from Stratford, down the River, the Tonnage of Merchants Goods is 4*x. and of Flour 6d. a Sack, which comes to the same Price; and that he had, carried Flour, down the River 18 Years, and never paid less; but that erf late Years several Things are called Merchants Goods, which did not use to be, particularly Alabaster, which the Wicness had carried Two or Three Times.

And, being allied the Reason of the extraordinary Tonnage being paid, upon Goods landed at i/arW’s Hurl! ? he said, That was in the Discretion of Mr. Biddle4 but that he had never landed any thing the re of late, nor never will;: till the Tonnage is better ordered.

The Agents for the Renter of the Tonnage admits the taking double Tonnage at Ilarvod- s Rurst.

Mr. Samuel Lloyd said, That he had brought Coals fronv Tewkesbury, and landed them at Bredon, for which he paid 6d. a Ton; but that of late it has increased 2 d. a Ton; that at Eckington the Tonnage is 1 id. \ and at Fladbury is. 6d.-t that in Tewkesbury Pound the Witness had paicf the various Prices of 6d. 8 d. and ix. about Two Years -ago; and at Harvod's Hurd 5 x.; but that when Mr, Mafrn rented that Part of the River, the Witness used. only to pay is. 3d.

That the Tonnage of Merchants Goods from Tewkes

1bury, to Stratford, is 4X. and from Stratford to Eve-sham (which is not more than half the Distance) 3X.

9d-

That the Witness had paid 6d. a Sack for Flour, from Stratford to Tewkesbury, and for Wheat, Beans, and Peas,

3 s. for Malt 2 x. and for Barley is. gd. per Weigh, including the 3d. at Evesham:

That for a Load of Stone, which weighs about Two Ton, he had paid 2X.; that he pays 9d. a piece for polished Grave Stones, and 3d. for Head Stones; that the Weight of a Grave Stone is abopt 800 Weight; and that this had been the Price ever since the Witness remembered

That Plank Boards, Spokes, and Fellies, from Tewkesbury, to Stratford, now pay as Merchants Goods, 4xv a Ton; and that it is about Ten Years since Spokes and Fellies were first accounted Merchants Goods.

And, being a(ked the Qyeftion, he said, He did not know of any Restraint upon People’s landing Goods at Harvod's Hurst:

That all Vessels, though empty, pay 6 d. a? Tewkesbury Sluice, to the Widow Bub, who is a Tcpanc to Mr. Biddle; and who told the Witness, that (he paid Mr. Biddle }§ X per Annum, for the fame: \/^y

That 6d. is likewise paid at Parjhore, to Mr. Badger, j Who is also Tenant to Mr. Biddle\ that this had been , paid at Parjhore these 30 Years; and rhat the Witness always pays it, whether the Weir is fee or not.

The Agent for the Renters of the Navigation agrees;

.. that the Rates are advanced by Mr. Collings, an ~ Under-tenant to Mr- Biddle, fhomas Crow said, That formerly the Tonnage of Wheat and Flour from Stratford to Tewkesbury was 3 s. a Weigh i. but that now Flour pays as Merchants Goods,

4>- ‘ . * . .-7 ": "

That for. Bricks, from Tewkesbury to Parjhore, he had formerly paid 1 x. 6d. a Thousand; and, that now they! pay 2s, 6j.' , 1 '

And being afleed, if he knew of any private Agreement about those, Bricks, for which he paid ix. 6d. a Thou-} sand to Mart Romel? he laid, He did not:

That Twigs and Rushes, which formerly paid nothing, now pay a Farthing a Bundle; and that the first Person that ever took any Tonnage for Twigs and Rushes, was. the present Mr. Biddle:

That all Corn from Chadbury Pound to Fladbury Pound used to pay \id. a Weigh on both Sides the River; and that it now pays 11 d. on one Side, and 3s. on the other.

And being asked, what were the Rates of Tonnage on Merchants Goods at FarJhoret Evesham* and Stratford?' he said. At Parjhore is. 6d. at Evesham 3s, 4d. and at-Stratford 4X; and that had always been the Price since he remembers.

And being asked, whether Flour was not looked upon as Merchants t Goods ? he said, That it.used to be looked upon as Wheat; but that now it is looked upon as Merchants Goods: , -

That the Wftpefs.had known, the River 38 Years; and that, the Rates he mentioned had always been the lame.

And being asked, whether those Over-payments had been made, to the Tenants of Lord Windsor, he said. They had./

The Agi?ntJpr the Renters of the Tonnage insists on no more than id. a Bag for Corn, between Sluice and . - Sluice, from Chadbury to Tewkesbury; and not so much in some Places.

Edward Horne, a Millwright, said, That he knows the River Avon, and the several Locks and Weirs erected thereon; that the Number of Locks is 14, and the Weirs Six.

And being afleed, what he thought the Charge of keeping, the said Locks and Weirs he mentioned in Repair ? he said. He would support them, as well as they are, and have been supported for several Years pad, for 140/. per Ann.

And being afleed what Number of Mills there are upon the said River, and what Quantity of Flour he thought they sent down the River per Ann. ? he said, There are 13 Mills, besides a.small Mill at Fladbury, called Cropthorn Mill; and that he imagines 16,000 Sacks of Flour, or thereabouts, may be annually sent down the Navigation, and about 5,000 Weigh of Grain; and that the Number of Vessels that pass the several Locks in the same Time> may be about 400, of 30 Ton Burden, upon an Average.

And, being cross-examined, he was afleed, what Foundation he had for saying 16,000 Sacks of Flour were ary-nually sent down the River ? he laid, That such was the general Opinion of Persons concerned in the Trade, and of whom he was one; and that it was also the Opinion of various Persons, that 400 Vessels pass the Locks of the said River annually.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, a Lease from the Countess of Plymouth, and Lord- Windfory to Mark Romel> dated the id Day of Jpne 1703; whereby all Profits and Advantages whatsoever, arising from the Navigation of the River Avon, are vetted in the said Mark Rome!, for the Term 0^21 T^ars, at the Rent of 328/. per Ann.; wherein is a particular Direction, that the said Mark Romel, his Execu-4 ‘ tors,

24 Geo. II.

19° Apr

181*

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall not carry up the said River Avert any Coal, called Bargate Coal, or Kindly Coal; but shall, during the said Demise, be well (locked with good Coal, at the Borough of Evesham, and Town cfPaiJbore, in the said County of Wonester, sufficient to serve the said Borough and Town, and County adjacent} and at the Determination of the said Lease, the saidLeffors were to take to their own Use all Wharfs, Keys, Landing PI ces, and Coal Yards, on the said River, then enjoyed by the said Mark Rcmel, and upon such Conditions as the same were then holden by him, for the Term of Seven Years then next ensuing.

And he also produced a Book of Receipts of the said Mark Romel; whereby it appeared, that the Rent of the said Navigation, belonging to the District of Parfhore, was, in 1704, 80/. per Annum; and in 1705 was raised to 84/.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners said. That the Petitioners are wili ng to settle the Navigation in an amicable manner, to advance to Lord Windjor jeo I. per Arm. and to keep in Repair the whole Navigation; or that an Act of Parliament shall pass, to raise the Interest of 20,000l. from the said Navigation, at per Cent. by fixing the Rates that will raise that Sum.

Upon the Petition of Herbert Lord Viscount Windsor, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Mountjoy, o( the Isle of H ighl.

In order to establish the several Rates of Tonnage, upon the River Avon, the Agent for the Petitoner called Francis Rhodes, a Waterman, who said. He had known the River Avon 70 Years, and that the Rates of Tonnage on Coals, at the several Places hereafter mentioned, are as follow; viz. At Bredon 6d.\ at Eckington 12d.\ at Najford\ and so to Parfhore Bridge, 2 s.; at ParJboreTown, at Piddle, and at Fladbury, 2 s. 6 d.‘, and from Chadbury to Evejhafn 3 s; that the Rates he mentioned had been always the constant Rates, and that Jie never knew of any Alteration therein.

And being asked, if it was usual for Vefi^ls of 60 Tons to come up the said River 40 Years ago ? he said. It was for Vessels of 40 Ton; but that he. never heard of Vessels of 60 Ton.

Being cross-examined, he said, That he had been at Sea these 20 Years; since which Time he had never paid any Tonnage; nor had he ever paid any at Bredon himself, but had seen it paid once or twice.

And being aiked, to w hom those Payments were made, of that he mentioned to have seen at Bredon ? he said, To one Roberts (a Tenant to Mr. Rudge) to whom the Witness then fold the Coals.

And being asked, how he could possibly know what Tonnage was paid for those Coals, when Roberts (as Farmer of the Tonnage) was the Person who received it ? he said, That before he fold the Coals, he understood what Tonnage was to be paid} and that, to the bed of his Knowledge, it was paid.

And being asked, if he did not always consider, when he fold the Coals, w hat Tonnage was to be paid, and so fix the price accordingly ? he said, He always did; and that, as to the several Rates before-mentioned, it was the general Report they had been paid; and that, as to the lid. at Eckington, the Witness had paid that himself.

Then, in order to shew that the Tonnage at Bredon was the same as mentioned by the Witness,

Mr. Welsh produced to your Committee, a Book, which he said he received from Edward Roberts, of Bredon, wherein are two Receipts in the following Words, viz.

<c October 27th, 1685. Then received of Edward Ro-fc berts, the Sum of Three Pounds, for 120 Ton of Coal, cc by me,

" Wm. Rudge.'9 <c January 14th, 1685. Then received of Edward lt Roberts, the Sum of 2/. 13/. 6 d. for 107 Ton of u Coal, by me,

« Wm. Rudge!'

JohnOfwald, a Waterman, aged 86 Years, said, That it was about 60 Years since he first vised the Navigation Vot. 26.

upon the River Avon; and that he had used it, but not Avon

constantly, from rime to time, for 40 Years; that he had Navigation,

known 6d. paid at Bredon, to one Beal; that he had

heard the Rates of Tonnage were at Eckington \<id \

at Parfhore Bridge 2 s.; at Fladbuty and Piddle, below

Parfhore Bridge, 2 s.; and at Piddle, Parfhore, and Flad-

bury, above Parfhore Sluice, 2 s. 6 d.: and at Evesham

3 s.; that when the Witness fold Coals to a Proprietor of

the Navigation, who paid the Tonnage, for 1 c s. a Ton,

had he fold the same Coals to another Person, and have paid the Tonnage himself, he should.have advanced the

Price of the Coals to 12 s. or 13^. according to the Rate

of Tonnage.

And being a(ked, what Burden the largest Vessels were of, that came up the River Avon 60 Years ago ? he said,

Thar 26 or 27 Ton was a great Vessel; and that none came up of above 30 Ton Burden, at that time.

Being cross-examined, he said, That he never paid any Tonnage himself, at any of the Places he had mentioned, except at Bredon, where he paid 6 d. to Mr. Beard.

Thomas Beard, a Waterman, aged 84 Years, said, That it is 60 Years since he first used the River Avon, and that; he used ic about 30 years; and it is about that time since he left offTrade:

That he had heard, about 60 Years ago, that the Tonnage at Bredon was 6d.; at Parfhore Bridge is.; and at Evesham 3 s.; and never heard of any Variation; but said.

That he had never paid the Tonnage himself.

And being asked if he had ever heard from any Person (except the Renters thereof) that the Rates of Tonnage were as he had mentioned ? he said, He had heard so from the Bargemen.

John Edwards. of Bewdley, Waterman, aged 55 Years, said. That he had emptied Coals at Eckington, above 20 Years ago, and paid 12 d. Tonnage several Times, and also at Parfhore Bridge; and had paid 2 s. to Mr. Badger; and had also been told by several Persons, that emptied there,that the Tonnage was 2 s.; that he had paid is. 6d. Tonnage at Parfhore Town, to Francis Field, 10 or 12 Years ago, and also at Fladbury, Piad'e, and Cropthorn, and had often paid at Evesham 3 s.; and that it is the general Reputation, that the Prices were as he had mentioned, and had been so for 37 Years.

And, being cross-examined, he said, That there was once a Dispute with "Mr. Reynolds, who would have had the Tonnage no more than 18 d. at Evesham; and, upon being asked the Question, he said. That he had carried Coals to Stratford, arid paid 15 d. a Ton.

Joseph Bushell, aged 70 Years, said, That for Coals at Fladbury he used to be reckoned 2s. 6d. Tonnage; and that 2 s. 6d. is the general Reputation of the Tonnage there; that he never paid it himself; but the Bargemen have told him so.

Samuel Lewis, of Tewkesbury, Waterman, aged 67 Years, said. That he had been concerned in carrying Merchants Goods for 34 Years; that he had never landed any Goods at Strenfham Pound, but bad heard that the Tonnage was 8 d. a Weigh; that he had took in Corn at Par-Shore Bridge, and from thence, down the River, to Flad-bury, for which he paid 1 d. a Bag; that the Tonnage of Merchants Goods at Parfhore, and so to Fladbury, is 2s:

6d.a. Ton, and at Evesham 35. 4 d. and Three Farthings

a Bushel for Corn; that Tonnage of Brick and Tile is 2 s. 6d. a Thousand, above Parfhore Bridge, and is. 6d. at Parfhore Town, and at Evesham 3 s.; that he speaks to 35 Years; and that he had paid the fame, without any Variation} that Richard Hyatt was his Predecessor, and was in the River about 30 Years before the Witness} and that he was told by Hyatt's Brother, who also followed the same Business, that the old Price of Merchants Goods at Evesham was 3^. 4d. and for Corn 31.; and that the Price of Merchants Goods at Parfhore was 2 s. 6 d. and Corn there 1 d. a Bag:

That the Witness had been told by Richard Barclum, a Coal Carrier, who was 94 Years old when he died, and who tag been dead 14 Years, That the Tonnage of Coals

3 A

I&2

l9

j. 1751.

at Evesham was 3 s.; and that he had repeated this to the Wirnds several Times. '

And being asked. if he ever knew any Coals landed at Pirn in Ford? he raid. He never did j and that there is no Road to it, unless you trespass upon the Green.

Being cross-examined, he was asked, what Was the Freight of Bricks from Upton to Evesham ? he said, Six Shillings, exclusive of the Tonnage; and that he received thar Price of Mr. Cookes:

That he had never carried any Flour, but as Merchants Goods, and had left the River Five Years ago^ but had had Concerns on it every Year.

And being asked, what Tonnage he apprehended his Boat might pay in a Year to the Navigation ? he said. He could not tell; perhaps fbme Years it might pay 100l.

He was then asked, if he was ever examined at Worcester upon any Trial, in relation to Coals P he said. He never was.

Then, in order to invalidate the Evidence given by th*e said Lewis, a Receipt was produced, in the following Words; viz.

" 16th March, 1718. Received of Mr. Robert Cookes, " Three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Sixpence, for Car-u riage of Thirteen Thousand Bricks, from Upton upon " Sever tie to Evesham, at 3 s. 6 d. per Thousand, by " me,

" Samuel Lewis.9*

And also a Minute took by Baron Clive, at fVorct/ler, in the Year 17 32; whereby it appeared, that Samuel Lewis was examined at Worcester, upon a Trial between Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Biddle, in relation to the Payment of Tonnage on Coals.

Richard Hedges, aged 64, said.. That he was Clerk to Mr. Majon and Mr. Biddle; that 36 Years ago he rented the Tonnage on all Commodities at Bidford\ of Mr. Mason \ but had left char Business about ten Years.

And he produced to your Committee a Paper, signed Nathanael Mason, dated the 29th December 1714, intituled, <c fennage to be received at Bidford, and at the " Grange, and at Binton Bridge " which Paper was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Tonnage to be received by Mr. Hodges, at Bidford.

s. d.

For all Pig Iron, at Bidford - -10 per Ton.

Bar Iron there - - -39 fer Ton* ,

Merchants Goods there - - 3 9 per Ton.

Flags there - - - -40 per Ton.

Alhts there - - - - 3 9 per Ton. 4

W«ne there - - - - 4 9 per Ton.

Wheat, Mafl’n, Linseed, and Curlings,

there - - - 2 9 per Weigh.

Barley there - - - - 2 6 per Weigh.

Malt there 1 9 per Weigh.

Coopers Timbers, Fullers-Earth, and

Rags, there - - - - 2 9 per Ton.

Rough Timber there - - - 1 9 Ton

Great Coal there - - -19 per Ton.

Smiths Coal there - - - 3 1 per Weigh.

Paving Stone there - - -19 per Load.

Limestone there - - - - 1 o per Load.

Wool there - - - - o 6 per Pack.

Cyder there - A - - - 1 o^Hhd.

A Copy of this Particular was delivered to Mx. Richard Hodges, on the 29th of December 1714, per me,

Nath. Mafcn.

Great Coals, at Grange - -20 per Ton.

Tile there - - - - -16 per icood.

Brick there - - - -20 per looood.

Great Coals, at Binton Bridge -20 per Ton.

Nath Mason.

A Copy of which Paper Mr. Hodges f id he received from Mr. Mason, and always collected the Tonnage, as is therein mentioned, without the least Variation, ever finer the Year 17 14, till lie left off Business, except upon great Coal and Cyder:,

That, in the Paper he received from Mr. Mason, the Tonnage of great Coal is 1 s. yd. for which he used to

receive 2x5 and the Reason he aligned for taking this 3d. extraordinary was, that it was to encourage the People that brought large Quantities; and that, as to Cyder, which is charged 1 s. aHogshead, and for which the Witness uled to receive is. 4d. the Tonnage was in fact the fame, the Hogshcads beingnow proportionably larger.

And being asked, if those Rates of Tonnage, as by him mentioned, are not the same as paid at Stratford? he said* They were.

He was asked, if he ever remembered Joseph Bofward9* paying more than 2s. per Ton for‘Coals at Bidford? he said, He did not, except when he put his Coals into the Yard; in which case, he fomecimes paid 2s. 3d. and sometimes is 6d but that the 6d. or 3d. was not paid as Tonnage, but as Wharfage or Yardage.

Being cross-examined, he was asked, Whether he did not demand more of Joseph Bofward than the Races he had mentioned, and what Ra&es he received of him ? he said, He received nothing of Bofwardit was paid to Mr. Mason; but that Mr. Mason, nor the Witness, ever gave any Receipts for Tonnage.

And being asked, whether Bofward?s Vessel was not locked up, because he would not pay the Tonnage de* manded by the Witness, and whether he did noi accept of rx yd. and 3d after he had demanded more? lie said* Mr. Mafcn received it, and accounted with him for it.

And the Question being repeated, whether he did not idfift on Bofward*s paying more than 2 s. for Tonnage ? he said, He believed not.

And being desired to inform the Committee, what he disputed with Bofward about; he said. He asked no mqrQ than 2s.

He was again asked, if he had ever heard of Bofwards Vessel being locked up, after it had been replevied ? he said, He never had; and that he never had received more than 2 s for Tonnage in Harvod's Hurst.

And being required to inform your Committee, whether, after he had received 2s. in Harvodh Hurst, Mr. Biddle had not received 3 s ? he said, He did not know.

Mr. Long being asked, if he knew what was the Tonnage of Coals now, and what had usually been paid a£ Parfhore? he said. He had not been conversant in the Rares of Tonnage, but was informed, that now 2 s. 6d. was paid; but that he had heard several People say, that formerly the Rates were less.

And being asked, if he could name any Person that had told him that they had been less ? he faich That one Mills told him, that they used to be at 16d. a Ton.

And being afkedj if Mills was then living? he said* That he was, when he left the Country; but chat he was near 90’ Years of Age, and had a Rupture, and was not able to travel.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better regulating the Navigation of the River s/von, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River: And that Sir John Rufhout; Mr. Winnington, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles Mordaunt) Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Sandys% Mr. West, the Lord Gage, and Mr. Dowdeswell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of George Barlow Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Parc of his Estate, of greater Value, to the same Ules, in Lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Lord Dupp/in, Lord Parker, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strofigcy Mr. Gore, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Alderman Beth ell, Mr, Drake, Mr. West, Mr. IViiles, Mr. Powtiey, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Townjhendy Mr. Gray, Air. liar dirge, Mr. Whit worthy Mr. Potter, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Cujlf Mr. Grenville, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. /ffleck, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Froller, Mr. Lowndes, Mr Sydenham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Cqlebrook, Sir CharUs\ Mor daunt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Martin, Admiral

Barlow's

Eflace.

24 Geo. II. Aprilt8j

miral Vernon, Mr. Greatbecd, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lew Gower, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyttleton, Sir Rujbout, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Alderman ifayhr, Mr.

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr Palmer, Mr. Bathurji, Mr. Fellowesy Mr. balusbury, Sir Warren, Mr. Winningtcn, Mr.

Gybbon> Mr. Mr. Lockyer, Lord Gag*, Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Mr. Shuttlewortti, Lord Harley, Mr. Law*, Mr. /ty#s and all the Members who serve for the County of Pembroke, and the refV of Wales, and for the County of Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Trarfeof A Petition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for his American Majesty’s Colony of New York, in America, toas presented Colonies. to House> anj reacj . representing to the House, That the Inhabitants of the said Colony are loyal and dutiful Subjects of his Majesty, and zealous for the Honour and Welfare of Great Britain, having given d.flingoishing , Proofs of their firm Attachment to both, by the Part they

acted, and the large Expence they have ohearfully sustained, in the Profccurion of his. Majesty’s Measures, during the late War; and that their A net (tors, and they, have, wjrh great Labour, Pains, arid Industry, cultivated and improved that P^rt of his Majt fly’s Dominions, so as to be able, from the Produce of their Lands, to carry on several Branches of Commerce, ufrful to them (elves, and advantageous toeheir Mother-Country; whereby they are enabled to pay for the very Urge Quantities of British Manu'aftures of all Kinds, Woollens especially, which are constantly consumed in that Colony; and that, for *nany Years pad, a beneficial and profitable Trade hath been thus carried on by them, with many foreign Settlements, particularly those of Curacca, Surinam, and Saint Euftatia; against which Commerce, the Petitioner apprehends there is now no prohibitory Law subsisting; and alleging, That the Petition, signed by about Forty-two Persons, which hath been presented to the House, as a Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, is in-juriousin many Parts of it, to the dutiful Sentiments, and experienced Fidelity, of hifc Majesty’s loyal Subjrfts in North America, and to the Character of the British Traders there, who are ihdifcriminately charged with the Violation of the Acts of Trade and Navigation; with which Acts those Petitioners have vainly endeavoured to blend the Law of the 6ih of his present Majesty, hying a Duty on foreign Sugar, Rum, and «Melasses, though in its Scope and Nature widely different from that System; which by encouraging Trade and Navigation, raised the naval Power of Britain; and that the said Petitioners having thus attempted to give disadvantageous Impressions of their Fellow-Subjects, have, under Colour of redressing fbme Abuses, from which no trading Country can ever be wholly free, introduced a Scheme of private selfish Gain to-themselves (which the Petitioner hopes is not countenanced by so respectable a Body, as that of the Merchants of London in general) and not contented with the quick Acquisition of Wealth, which their valuable Sugar Plantations give them, nor with the constant Demand they have, and the high Prices they receive, for all that they are capable of producing, nor with the repeated Indul-gencies of the Lcglfiature in sundry Laws, passed for their Ease and Benefit, are now endeavouring ro obtain an unjust Prohibition, to prevent their Fellow-Subjects' receiving from others what they themselves do not furnish: and ic is apprehended they cannot supply, without diminishing the Quantity of Sugars brought to the English Market, and thereby enhancing their Value; which Prohibition, in its Consequences, would soon totally destroy all Trade between the Northern Colonies, and the foreign Settlements, to the utter Impoverishment of those Colonies, the intire Destruction of their Navigation, the grievous Hurt of the Eng'ish Manufacturers, and to the great Diminution of the naval Strength and Riches of this Kingdom-; and that the Prohibition aimed at would, as the Petitioner conceives, be the Means of throwing many profitable Vol. 26f

ranches of Trade, now in our Possession, into the Hands of our Rivals in Power and Commerce, from whom they might never be regained, and is big with many other Mischiefs; and that the Subject-matter of the present Application is of the utmost Consequence to the Well being and Profperiry of all his Majesty’s Colonies on the Continent of America, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the Colony of New York, who, ignorant of the Petition presented, and of its dangerous Tendency, have not had Time to be apprized thereof, and to furnish the Petitioner with what they may conceive necessary and proper to- be urged in their Defence, against so pernicious a Scheme!

And therefore; in behalf of the said Colony of ifkcv York, praying, That the Petition of the said Sugar Plante^, and others, may not be proceeded upon, until the Inhalants of the said Colony are made acquainted therewith, and have Time to give their Instructions thereupon; and that the Petitioner may be then heard by himself, or his Coun-JrJ* against the Application of the said Sugar Planter^; or that he may have such other Relief, as the House shall judge proper and expedient. I

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the said Committe, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, trading to the Trade of British Sugar Colonies, to North and South Carolina, to ^uloa^ Virginia, to Maryland, to Penjilvania, to New York\ to

New England\ to Nova Scotia, to Newfoundland, to Germany, to Holland, to France, to Spain, to Portugal, and to Body, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; expressing the Apprenen-fions of the Petitioners, upon occasion of the said Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, praying a Prohibition of the Trade carried on from our Northern Colonies, to the French and Dutch West India Settlements; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, and firmly believe, that, if a Law should be obtained for that Purpose, and can be carried into Execution, it will immediately defeat the Growth andlncrease of all our Northern Colonies, and in a short Time will destroy their Trade and Navigation, their Ship-building, their Cod, Whale, and other Fisheries, their Furand Peltry Trade, their Rice, Indico, and Tobacco Trades, their Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine Trades, and all their other Trades and Business, to the great Hurt and Damage of at lead Two Millions of his Majesty’s most useful and good Subjects, Inhabitants of the British Northern Colonies in America, whose whole Time, Substance, Labour, and Industry, are employed, both by Sea and Land, to furnish this Kingdom with Naval Stores, and other Necessaries, for our own Use, and also for supplying the Markets of Germany, Holland, France, Spain, Portugal, and Italy, with Furs, Tobacco, Rice, Fish, and other Commodities; the Produce of ail which, together with the Freight of their Ships, and generally the Ships themselves, is all returned to, and centers here, and is laid out in the Woollen, Iron, and other Manufactures of this Kingdom; and thereby adds greatly to the Riches and Strength of this Kingdom, by thus bringing in so great an Increase annually to the national Stock, and consequently is an Advantage to all Degrees of Men amongst us, to the Land-holder, the Merchant, the Tradesman, the Artificer, and the Labourer; so that this great Hurt and Damage will not be confined to his Majesty’s useful and good Subjects, the Inhabitants of the Northern Colonies, bur, in its Consequences, must extend to the great Hurt and Damage of the Trade, Navigation, Wealth, and Strength, of this Kingdom, and of every Individual ia

v

Complaint against Gen, Anilruther.

19° Apr

A. 1751.

in it, and will finally distress our own Sugar Colonies; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, in the same Proportion that this Kingdom, and her American Colonies, suffer by the Loss of this most advantageous Branch of Trade, the Kingdom of France, and.her Colonies, will gain, to the vast Increase of their Trade, Navigation, Wealth, and Strength; and that by our chus forcing them upon supplying their own, and other foreign Sugar Co-' ionics, with Fish, Lumber, and other Plantation Necessaries, and the Markets of Spain, Portugal, and Italy, with Fish (and in their own Navigation); and also putting them upon finding a large Vent for their Rum, Sugar, and Melasses (also in their Navigation), they will engross the whole Fisheries in America, which at this Time, as the Petitioners conceive, employ a Thousand Sail of British Ships and Vessels, and are one of the bed Nurseries for Seamen which this Kingdom has; and further alleging, That the Article of Melasses is become of general Use in all the Northern Colonies, not onlyfor carrying on their Fiflhery, Fur, and Skin Trades, in Competition with their Rivals the French (and in their Navigation) and all their Trades and Business, but even to their Well-being and Subsist£nce, so that it must tend to the Ad vantage of this Kingdom, and those her useful Colonies, that they should be fully supplied therewith, and at as low a Rate as possible; that lince the Act of 1733, which laid high Duties upon Sugar, Rum, and Melasses, imported from foreign Plantations into any of the British Colonies, the Prices of those Commodities have risen to at lead double the Price they were then at in our own Sugar Colonies; and that of late Rum has become of so general Use, that even at the vad Price it has for some Years pad been and is now at, the Planters in most of the British Sugar Islands have such a Demand for all th^y can make, that they have distilled all their Melasses into Rum, and therefore would not, nor will they now, nor indeed can they, supply the Northern Colonies with near the Quantity of Melasses that is ablblutely necessary for their Subsidence, and if they could supply them with Melasses, or even with Rum, it mud be at such Prices as mud in Time destroy their Trade and Navigation, and the Benefit thereby to this Kingdom; so that they have been compelled to go to the foreign Sugar Colonies for what the English Islands could not supply them with; and the Duty thereon being so high, some few, in some of the Colonies, may have been adventurous enough, in Contempt of the Law, to run some small Quantities on shore, without paying the Duty, to the Hurt of the fair Traders in those Colonies, who at the same Time may have had upon their Hands Rum and Melasses, purchased at high Prices in the British Sugar Colonies: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and take such Measures therein as shall appear to be the most effectual for securing the Intered of Great Britain, and her Northern Colonies, from the said Attempt; and give the Petitioners such Relief as shall be thought proper, either by taking off the high Duty laid upon the Importation of foreign Melasses into the Northern Colonies, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Barlow Trecothick do attend the said Committee, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fomlinjon do attend the Taid Committee, at the same time.

cording to an Order of his Majesty for that Purpose, signified to the said Lieutenant-General Anstruther, in pursuance of a Report to the Right Honourable the Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council, approved by his Majesty the 16th of March 1748) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Strange reported from the , to Kibble whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Rihble, bridge, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish-House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom also the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Corporation of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lan~ caster; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Merchants, Freeholders, and Farmers, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,* in behalf of themselves, and many others, of the Hundred of Loynfdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the Market Town of AJIoton under Line, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in the Townftups, Hamlets, and Vills> thereto adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the said Town; Townships, Hamlets, and Vills; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Pe^ce, Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the Hundred of Salford, within the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the said Hundred of Salford; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the Market Town and Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the said Parish; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the Market Towns and* Parishes of Bolton in the Moors and Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and other Gentlemen, Land-Owners, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the saidParishes; were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had heard the Petitioners by their Coun-fel; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place;' and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was in Part read.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are proper to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-commitred.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed so the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Morice have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller have Leave to stay in the Ditto. Country, upon Account of the Indifposition of his Lady and Daughter.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be graci-ously pleased to give such further Directions, as his Majesty in his great Wisdom should think proper, for obliging Lieutenant-General Anjlrutber to make Satisfaction to certain Complainants of the Island of Minorca, ac-

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Rrumpton the East End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of High La ns, York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence, to and *c- Ro<ia* through the Towns of AJkrigg and Ingleton, in the said Couqty, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

ReJj'.ved,

Geo. II*

Yattfln

lndofore.

Pern* , Estate.

Slippy

I90 — i 2° Aprilis

That this House

8

Homer’s

Leafing

T

Resolved, That the Bill do past: And that the Title be, Resolved, That this House wiH, upon this Day

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the East Seven-night, resolve itself into a Commitcee of the whole End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his

the Town of Richmond, and from thence, to and through Majesty. the Towns of djirigg and Ingleton, in the said County,

to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster. A Petition of Daniel Cdrne, High Constable of the

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the Lords, and desire chetr Concurrence. House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is

a c r* *. , n0w a Prisoner, in Custody of the Serjeant at A rfns at- Mr. Tracy reported from the: Committee, to whom the tending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this Bdl for «hfirm,ng Articles of Agreement for inclosing House, committed against Sir John et

and dividing certain Commonsand Waste Grounds in the a Member thereof- 1 Daronec,

Parish of Yatm, in the County .0 ( Somerset,was com- a d a£kno^!eg»ng the Greatness of

mitted j That the Committee had examined the Allega- fhefame^nd,h's "nfc'3ned Sorrow. tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tinrwr’« rv> g enung to the House, that the Peci-

the Partiesconcerned had given their Consent to the Bill ° £en[!5nt , S Detriment to him*

to the Satisfaction of the Committee and that the Com- A ffai^A0 ° hl?°ffice’ as wel> as his private

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend- uv ?rray.ing’ That House will be

ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report' S, u- u e m,fcs,mto their Consideration, and to the House 5 and he read the Report in hfs Place; and

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at ' bmnotTl’ J p th, Carne bc this Day

d2?ged of tH, S H°use’in order being

the Clerk’s Table: Where (he Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grojfled.

Supply

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

, r. J — £- — I r r>

Ordered, That Lord Mr. Yorke, Lord Bur- IDnntby In-

high. Colonel Lord , Mr. Southwell, «°‘are* *c*.

be.added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming Articlesof Agreement for inclosing and dividing

the Chmmon Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in reioive men into a committee of the whole House, to the Manor and Parish of Dunjby, in the County of Lin-

consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be coin, and for rendering the same more effectual, and for

now read. . other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

And the said Order being *read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Ma- xhc order of the Day bein« read, for the House to Importation jesty’s Navy, as iestood on 3tft December 1750, be re- resolve itself into a Committee0of the whole House, to of Cambrickl*

cr^ to \ e Committee. consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in

cZ, I 'ZI wCC°Tr^mng 7t 77’ Linfn>of the Citi« of and , and Bo-

granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the further o . , r / 7,

Ung art improving thv Colpny of Georgia, in America, "hofc Nam« arc fub‘

has betn applied by the Trustees for establishing the said tu, a- u r .-n

Colony, be referred to the said Committee. Resolved, That this House Will, upon this Day Seven-

night, resolve ltfelf into the said Committee.

Order.A T1..V *L. r

ff A Mcffige f,om the Urds> by Mr_ Uk and

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed

‘..TV

iic i^orus have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the S;le of a capital Messuage at F.rrmt*. - — 1 ’

..________ me raia Lommittet

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Seven-night.

x/anm was, according to Order, brought to the Privilege:

n. _ , *^t iurl"^ b:le ut Bar} where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand A Personre-

1 Zta‘ hrcmley, and divers MessuagCs, f Mr S kcrF. and was ordered tobe difeha^ed out P‘iroandfed*

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Jhtddlesex f r ,a i r i r? 13

and l«e the Effate of Sir Charle, Pem Kmght, of CU<lodi, h, S F'"'

deceased, some Time since one of the Aldermen of the

City of London, and for purchanng another Estate, to be settled to the U fes of his W ill a

TL -

_______ oi ms WiU: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardian or Guardians of ‘fbomas Horner Esquire, an Infant, for the Time being, to make Leases, and Copyhold Grants, of his Estates "L

Somerset, dunm* KMm

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham have Leave to make Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly;

And an ingrossed Bill fmm -t — T

_____aooooraingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardian or Guardians of Thomas Horner

-- ~VI"ICS» Esquire, an Infant, for the Time being, to make Leases, OT ms Estates in the County of c yhoW Grants, of his Estates. in xerfet, during his Mmontv — J- Somerset L* *"

\clift — " _ ...VIVIII

___saturc

tiouic.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refokmons; which they had directed him ° JNhen the Houic Vill please to receive the same.

R'P0,t tcc','d "!«»

n&d a"'"a'mKd th' tW he was di-

W^S'a^r'" " mo"-That "»? have

\r , wfc>auii VOL. 26.

...ic ocing, to make Leases,

V ________ ms Minority, according to" he Wage *«u copyhold Grants, of his Estates, in the County of

and Custom of the Country, and for other Purposes therein Smerjduring his Minority according to the U sage and

mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence Custom of the CountrY» an<i «>r other Purposes therein of this House. mentioned, was read the First time.

And then the M-re — Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Horner’*

Leafing;

2° die April,;

Pray

H' G'0rgii n" RtBia,

*75T-

H E Lord Advotate of Scotland presented to the Scotc^ Linen JL House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, Mamifac-" amending, and inforcing, an Act, passed in the 13th Year -

of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hemnrn iw*-- " tures in that Pan of Gr.»*»

rvet for the - me unen and Hempen Manufae-Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for

3. B further

lure*.

Di9iti2RH k P

i8<5 lln Aprilis. 1751.

further regulating the faiA Manufactures: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

telcyli’s Mr. Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom

EiUtew the ingrossCfi Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act f9r veiling the undivided Twelfth Part of John Jekyll, an Infant, in the real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be 'fold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had ex,-amijed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} v end that the Committee had directed him to report the

Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and: he delivered the Bill in at thelClerk’s Table.

Ribble The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to

biidgc. whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ribbje] between the Townships of Preston and Penwortbyn, hear a Plate called the Fish-Hou/e, in the County PaLriqe of Lancdfttr, was re-committed; That the Committee Tiad made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they . had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing the Overflowing of Lands near the said River.

- And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. 7empejl have Leave to go into, the

fence. Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Ho ford:

Mr. Speaker,

Maxwell’* The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to liftaie. enable Sir William MaxwellK of Monreith, Baronet, or other Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to fell Lands, in the County of Wigtown, for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned: Ttf which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, Countefspf The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to RofeberryV enable John Primroje Esquire, commonly called Lord Jointure. Dalmenie, to secure a Jointure to Mary Countess of Roje-berry, his Mother, and make Provisions for his Brother and Sifter, out of the entailed Estate, late of Sir Archibald Prinu'Gje Knight, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Accounts The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, Comp-American troller-General of the Customs, attended at the Door; Colonial He was ca^cd ini and, ac the Bar, presented to the Trade. House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Amount of the Duties paid in the British Sugar I Hands upon the Importation of Rum, Spirits, Melasses, Syrups, Sugar, and Paneles, of the Growth and Produce of any foreign Settlements, from the Year 1733 to Christmas 1749, in^wrfu-ance of the Act of Parliament, of the 6th of his present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his MajestyV Sugar

Colonies in America, distinguishing each Year, and each

llland; and also how much on Merchandize, and how much on Prizes.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole, House, to Whom the Petition of the

Merchants of London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,’ in behalf of themselves, and all others trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, is referred.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other,

Papers of this Session/

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to &%, tohom the Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding vf the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the

Town of Halifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said'Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Fade after, in the said‘ West Riding, Over Bramham Moor, through Kid-Hall Lane, ov£r IVinmor, and* through Seacroft, to a Place called Halton Dyall, where it comes into the above-laid Road between Selby and Leeds; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, anti found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to.report tb the House; and he read the Report in his glace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wkK the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by ?uttRL*jC* an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his present IVJaj.fty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads leading fron> the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lpwton, and from thence to HenfhaW s Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County, and for making the said Act more effectual, was read a Second time.

Refohed\ That the Bill be committed to Mr. Warbur-ton, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Wilbrabam,

Mr. HiU, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Prowse, Sir Lionel Pitting-ton, Sir Charles Mdrdaunt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Barbor. Sir John Cust, Mr. Gwyrm, Mr. Morton, Colonel Abercrombie,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pye, Mr. bar fax, Mr. Fell owes, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Haw. Brown,'Me. Robinson, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Drake; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, Mercers passed in the Twenty-Hrft Year of the Reign of his pre- Company's sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fkft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the My ftery of Mercers of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, an$J desire their Xoncurrence.

Mr. James.Grxnvfttt, from the Commissioners for Trade Colonial Bilk and Plantations, prefenced to the House, pursuant to their of Credu' Addreis to his Majesty,

Copy of a Representation made from sundry Inhabitants of Rhode Island to his Majesty, relating to the Bills, of Publick Credit in that Colony, dated the 4th of Sep-Umber 1750: And also.

Copy

24 Geo. II., '21 Apr, 187

Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for Trade Second time one by one; and, upoifthe Question feve-and Plantations,-dated T2th of February 1750, to the rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer'of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment*; be his Majesty’s Exchequer, upon the Representation made ingrossed. from sundry Inhabitants of Rhode Island, to his Majesty,

relating to the Bills of Publick Credit in that Colony. ' The House was moved, That the Petition of Mr Rd~ Scotch And the Titles of the said Copies were read. ' *bert Patou*, Minister at Renfrew, Moderator of the last Clergy;

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table* General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, DoCtor Palo be perused.by the Members of the House. trick Gumming, Professor of Church History, and oye of

The faicj Qppies are preserved amongst the other the Ministers of Edinburgh, Mr. William Steele\ Minister Papers of this Seffiop. at Sorn, and Mr. Davia Dalrymple, Advocate, Ruling

Elder, Commissioners from the General Assembly of the Elinborgh A. Bill for repairing the high Roads in the County of Church of Scotland, (which was presented to the House x Road*. Edinburgh, leading to and from the City of Edinburgh, was upon the 7 th Day of March last, and thfen ordered to lie read a Second time. upon the Table) mjght be read:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Andrew And the same being read accordingly;

Mhcbell\ Mr. Comdly, Colonel Haldane, Mr. podolphin, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*

Mr. Townshend, Colonel Conway, Mr.- Kynaftotu, Sir Wm. Iteration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Yonge, Sir John Cujl, Mr! Hardinge, Mr Carmichael, Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Admiral Rowley, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Robinson, Mr. them, to^the House:

Reynolds, Mt. Yorke, Mr. Hunter, I^ord Vupplin, Mr. And it "is refe rred to Colonel Haldane, Mr. Attorney-Ker, Mr. M'Kenfie, General Oglethorpe, Mr. +GwynnJ General, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir William Yonge,

Mr. Fane, Sir John Barrington, Mr. E(hot, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hope Weir, Sir John Cujl,

Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. M'ttiod, Sir Nathanael Curzdn, Mr. McCtiod, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Bar/mgtoni Mr. Hay, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Ckvlahd', apd all the* Mr. Conolly, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gcdolphin, Mr. Townshend,

Members who serve so» the Counties of Northumberland, Mr. -Ha dinge, Mr. Pitt, Admiral Rowley, Mr. Charles

Cumberland, and North Britain: And they are to meet Townshend, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wal*

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s pale, Mr. Nugent* Lord Egmont, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Chamber. ' ' Hay, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Wort ley Montague,

\ MrdSydenham, Mr. Joddrell, Mr. Thornton, Mr. BrookJ-

DlttOw The House was moved, That the Report from the bank, Mr. Mellish, General Onslow,* Mr. Ellis, General Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Oglethorpe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfter-, and all the Mem-

Town Council, and ocher Inhabitants, of the Borough of bers who serve for North Britain: And they are to mefet

ueensferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and of the Free- this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

holders. Heritors, and others* residing and having interest Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers*

near and adjoining to the said Burgh, whole Names are and Records: And all who*corae to the Committee are

thereunto subjoined, might be read: ' to have Voices*

And the same being lead accordingly:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, ^Petition of James Earj of Morton, James Earl of Ditto, i to whom the said Bill is committed. That they do make Laude, dale, John Earl of Hopetoun, Charles Hope Weir,

J Provision irf the said Bill, for repairing the Road frpri^ Robert Dundas, and Archibald Murray Esquires, on bell Cramond Bridge to Qucemferry, in the County of Lw~ half of themselves, ?nd great Numbers of other Noble-

Mtbgcw. men. Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Heritors, in that Part

. - , of Great Britain m called Scotland\ was presented to the

GattoiWri - Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do i flue his Warrant to the House, and read; fecting forth, That the General Af-

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a yew Writ, for the fevc\b\y of tht Chur ch of Scotland, omhc 27 th of May

Electing of a Burgess to serve in thi$.present Parliament, came to tf\e followingResolution, for an Application to

for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, in the his Majesty and the Parliament, for the following Pur-

room of Paul Humfiey Esquire, deceastd. poses: " That in raising of Summonses for Modification*

€t Locality, or Augmentation of Stipends, instead of the Welton Mr. Ba‘ b°r reported from the Committee, to whom u usual Method of summoning by a Messenger, it shall Inciosure. Bill to confirm and dfoblish an Agreement for in- c< be sufficient that.a general Citation be made by every doling and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the cc Parish Clerk from hisDelk upon a Lord’s Day, imme-Parish of Welton, in the County of York, and for settling 4< diately after divide Service in the Forenoon; and that a yearly 5um on the Vicar, in Lieu of Tythes, and other " Letters be wrote by the Moderator of the Presbytery . Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the " to the absent Heritors, except such as are forth of thq Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tc Kingdom, who are to be summoned by a Meficngeri ' found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned " at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, Pier and Shore of

had given their Consent 10 the Bill, to the Satisfaction of <c Leith; that it shall be in the Power of the Moderator; the Committee, except John Shaw and Sarah Newmarch, " with Consent of the Presbytery, to pursue for ModifU who have only Sixteen Acres and Three Quarters of a " cation, Locality, or Augmentation, whether there be

Rood in the Ings, and One Acre and One Rood in the cc a Minister settled.in the Parish, or the Parish be vacant;

Grass Part of the Frejh Close, and Four Cow-gates-One <c that Ministers Stipends, if not paid within the Year*

Quaker, or Failure for Four Cows and a Quarter, or Four " shall bear fnterest from the first Half-year after they young Bealls and a Quarter* in the said open Common " become due; that Power be given to the Commission or Cow Paftore; and that the W hole are Three hundred " of Teinds^to suppress Parishes,-wdiich they find not and Fifty Acres and One hundred and Seventy-four Cow- cc prbper to be continued separate Parishes, and to an- gates; and that the said John Shaw and Sarah Newm^rcb " nex them to one or more of the adjacent Parishes; r had the said Articles of Agreement tendered to them to <c that the failj Commission have likewise a Power to alffcr sign, bur refaled; and laid, They would not oppose it; and " the Divifrons of Parishes, on a View to divide them as that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose " they fee Cause:" And that the Genertl Assemblydn-the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the strufted those ro be commissioned by them, most humbly

Bill;and made Teveral Amendments thereunto,which they to pray for Relief in the Premife$, and for such other

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Relief, as to his Majesty, and the Two Houses of Parlia-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, ment, shall seem meet; and that it was declared by the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where Moderator from the Chair, to be the Mind of thr Af-the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a lembly, that, by this last Clause it Was understood, that Vol. 26. ih$

i88 2id Jprilis.

the Commissioners to ‘Parliament might apply for an In- The House Was riioved, That the Report from the Carlisle create of the Minimum: And alleging, That, although Committee, to whom the Petition of the Nobility, Gentry,

the said Application was voted by a Majority of the General A (Terribly, yet the Petitioners have good Grounds to believe, that the same was come'into, contrary to the Opinion and Inclination of many of the wisest and most prudent of the Clergy themselves, from a Sense of the many fatal Consequences they foresaw it would be attended with; and that great Numbers of Noblemen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Heritors, in Scotland, looking upon this Attempt of the Clergy to be, in several Parts of it, an open Attack and Violation of their Properties, and, in others, to be altogether unreasonable and unnecessary, the Heritors of the greareft Part of the Counries of Scotland came to a Resolution to oppose the said Scheme, and intruded the Conduct of such Oppofuion with the Petitioners; and reciting Part of the said Petition of Mr. Rolf ert Paloun, Dr. Patrick Camming, Mr. William Stade, add "Mr. David Dalrymple, as Comtnifljoners from the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland; and further alleging, That, by the Laws of Scotland made before tho Union, and now in Force, a very sufficient and ample Provision is made for the Maintenance of Ministers, and the Augmentation of such of their Stipends as had not been legally modified and settled, pursuant to the Laws in being, and for the due Payment of Stipends, and the Uniting or Dividing of Parishes; and that the Petitioners are convinced, that the making of any Innovations or Alteration in the Laws relating to any of those Particulars, are absolutely unnecessary, and will greatly alarm the Minds, and disturb the Peace, of the Inhabitants of that Part of the United Kingdom: And therefore paying, That the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard before the House, and any Committee thereof, against what is prayed by the said Petition, and against any Bifl that may be ordered to be brought in, in consequence thereof; or , that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think just.

Ordwed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. Robert Patoun, Minister at Renfrew, Moderator of the last General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, Doctor Patrick Camming, Professor of Church History, and one of the Ministers of Edinburgh, Mr. William Steele, Minister at Sort:, and Mr/ David Dalrymple, Advocate, Ruling Elder, Commissioners from the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland\ is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Fane, according, to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutiofts which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thousand, Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging such Part of the Debt of the Navy as is due upon the Head of Seamen’s Wages.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be grarited to his Majesty, towards the Support of the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, to be applied in furh Manner as his Majesty shall think proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, between the City of Carlisle and the Town of NeivcaJHe-upon Pine.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Cumberland and Northumberland, was referred, riiight be read:

And -the same being read accordingly;:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for' laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Cafriages,~be tween the City of Carlisle and the Town of Newcafk-upon-Tine; and that Sir William Middleton, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Allgood, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Charles Howard, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Robert Ord, do prepare, and bring in,-the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said- Bill,

That they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the last Resolution, which was this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to*&hom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Kyndfion, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Beck- Bethnal

ford,' Mr.' Moreton, Mr. Martin, Sir John Cust, Mr. Green

Earle, Mri Whitworth, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Knightlcy, Strcet5* Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Madan, Mr. Horatio Walpole, ,of Lynn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for cleansing and enlightening the * open Places,

Streets, and other Passages, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and also ffor the better repairing and widening the Highways and Passages in tire Parish of St. Mathew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex -, is committed.

A Petition of Jonathan Bracebridge was presented to African the House, and read; setting forth, That the Royal Company, African Company of England arc justly indebted to the Petitioner, as the foie acting Executor of the last Will and Testament of Henry Turner, late Governor of Williams Fort, Whydah, deceased, the Sum or Amount of JFour hundred and Fifteen Pounds, for his Salary, in different Stations, in the said Company’s Service; and that, by the Act for extending and improving the Trade to*

Africa, such of the said Company’s Creditors as were re- fident in Great Britain, were required to make their Claims before certain Cofcnmissioners therein named, on or before the 30th Day of August 17 Jo, and such of them as resided beyond the Seas, on or before the 30th Day of December following; but that the said Henry Turner dying at Why dab, some Time in the Month of February 1749 > a°d his said Will not being proved until the 28 th Day of March last, there was no Person intided to claim the said Debt so due to his Estate, till after the Time by the said Act limited for making such Claim was expired, whereby the Petition-, er is precluded exhibiting his Claim to the said Commissioners, whose Report is now under the Consideration of a Committee of this House: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may not be excluded the Benefit intended to the rest of the bond side Creditors of the said Company, but that he may be permitted to verify his said Claim, at such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall fee m meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report of the Corrimissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by and in pursuance of Act of Parliament, passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and also the Petition of the KoyzY African -Company of England; and*also the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bond side Creditors of the said Company; and also the Papers, which were presented to this House upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the . 12 Office

Ways and Means.:

Trade of American Colonies.

1

24

II.

*32 — 23

Office of Lord High Admiral 6f Great Britain, relating to* the Trade and Settlements upcfn the Coast of Africa, are referred: Arid that’they do examine, arid ft ate to the House, the Matter of Fa£l contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to tefolve itself into a' Committee of the whole House,' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be ndw read;

And the said' Ordec,being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refolte itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants ibf London in general, and of the British Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereuhtd subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others trading to, and'interested in," his Majesty’s Sugar ^Colonies;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Memorial from the Lieutenant-General, Council, arid Assembly, of the Island of Antigua, to the ChmmifTiotrers of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade carried on by the British Northern Colonies \n America with the foreign Sugar Colonies, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Memorial from the Lieutenant-General, Council, and Assembly, of the island of St. Gfo iftopher's, to the Commissioners of Tnfde and Plantations, relating to the Trade carried on by*the British a Motion:

nesday iaft, and then ordered to lie Upon the^Tatye) be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrinflion to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to Bfe- heard in favour of the Petfcion\of the Merchants of London in general, arid of the British'Sugar Planters, Merchants, and others* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of tl.iem-selves, and all others trading to, and interested in,-his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, against.’the Petition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agentfor his Majesty\ Colony of New York) In America.

Then the House resolve^itself into the fafd, Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. . ‘ ,

Mh Aiderrmn, Betbell took the Chair of the Committee. ’; ' . ’ ’ . i, .*

K Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.' # ....

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald have Leave to make a

Motion, it being near §,ix of the Clock: ,

, And he moved the House accordingly:

‘ A'nd aa ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Primrofc Esquire, commonly called Lord Dalmenie, to secure a Jointure to Mary Countess of J \: Rofeleriy, his Mother, and make Provisions for his Brother and Sifter o.ut of the entailed Estate, late of Sir Archi-laid Primrose Knight, deceased, was read the Firfttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Stewart have Leave to make

Countess of

Northern Colonies of America with the foreign Sugar Colonies, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of all the Proceedings had, and the State of the viva voce Evidence taken, before the Commissiortets of Trade and Plantations in the Year 17 Jo, relating to the Trade carried on by the British Northern Colonies with the foreign Sugar Colonies, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Appendix, annexed to the said Copy last mentioned, be referred to the said Commfttee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Value of Goods, exported frdm England to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1738 to Christmas 1748, dlflinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Value of Goods exported from England to the Northern Colonies, distinguish-ing each Colony, from Christmas 1738 to Christmas 1748, <distinguishing each Year,be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties, paid in the Northern Colonies upon the Importation* of Rum, Spirits, Melasses, Syrups, Sugars, and Parieles, of the Growth and Produce of any foreign Settlements, from the Year 1733 to Christmas 1749, in pursuance of an Act of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reigri, intituled, An Act for better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, distinguidling each Year and Colony, and how much on Merchandize, and how much on Prizes, be' referred to the Taid Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sugar, imported into England from any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1-749* distiriguithing each Year, and what Quantity was foreign Prize Sugar, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Rums, imported into England from the Northern Colonies in America, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year and Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Rum, imported into Scotland from his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 17 jo, "be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent fonhe Province of New Jersey-, and also Agent for the Colony of Connecticut; and likewise Agentfor the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, in America (which was presented to the House upon Wed-V01,. 26.

And he rhoved the House accordingly:

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Maxwell's Act to enable Sir William Maxwell, of Moneith, Ba- £liate* Tonet, or other Heit^ of Entail for the Time being, to fell Lands, in the County of Wigtown, for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 23° die Aprilis;

Ildi Regis, 1751.

Pr

Anno 240

AYERS. *.

Georgii

MR. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, Ludlow to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop% through Woferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called the Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford, was committed;. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fot* taking into Selby, &c. Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Roacis* the Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, pasted in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby) in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between' Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Yadcaster, in the said West Riding, over Brambam Moor, through Kid Hall 3 C Lane]

f 9°

23" Mprilis. ^.1751.

Lane, over Winmtyr, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Holton Dyad,. where it comes into the abovesaid Road between Selby and Leeds; was committed; be now read:

And the said order being read accordingly

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Con-(ideration:

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Tolls being taken upon any Part of the Road between Selby and Leeds, by virtue of the former A<3:.

And the same was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ih-grossed.

Lawsrc/pedt- Sir Richard Lloyd reported from the Committee, who

i«g Felonies, are appointed to revise and consider the Laws in being which relate to Felonies, and other Offences against the Peace; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as to the Defers, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws; That the Committee had <tonfidered some other of the Matters to them referred, and had come to several other Resolutioits, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk^s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followetti; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That one Cause of the Increase of Thefts and Robberies of late is an Habit of Idleness, in which the lower People have been bred often from their Youth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Multitude of Places of Entertainment for the lower Sort of People, is another great Cause of that Increase, as they are thereby tempted to spend their small Substance in riotous Pleasures, and in consequence, are put on unlawful Methods of supplying their Wants, and renewing their Pleasures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Gaming, amongst the inferior Rank of People, is another great Incitement to Theft and Robberies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the great Security^ and Encouragement Robbers meet with from Receivers of stolen Goods, is another, and a principal Cause of the Increase of Robberies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the advertising a Reward, with no Questionsafked, for the Return of Things which have been stolen or loft, is another great and principal Cause of the Increase of Robberies and Felonies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the general Licence of Pawnbrokers (whose Number increases to a dangerous Height) in caking in all Sorts of Pawns, without knowing or inquiring about the Pawners, is a great Cause of Security and Encouragement to Thieves.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the great Del^y and Expence, which attend Prosecutions and Tryals of Crimes, is a great Security and Encouragement of Offenders.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is a Want of sufficient Powers in the Magis-trares, and others, to search for, and secure for a reasonable Time, suspicious Persons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there should be a speedier and more effectual Way of iupprefling disorderly Houses, than the Laws have at present provided.

Resolved, That it is‘the Opinion of this Committee,

That it would be reasonable to exchange the Punishment of Death, which is now inflicted for some Sorts of Offences, into some other adequate Punishment,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there are great Defects in, and Abuses of, the Houses of Correction.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it would be of Service to the Peace of the Kingdom, to have a more expeditious Way of proceeding in Cafes of Indictments and Preferments of Misdemeanours.-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Persons breaking, or attempting to break, any Prison, should be made liable to some severer Penalties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the refeuing, or attempting to refeue, any Person, committed by Warrant from any Magistrate, or seized, in order to be carried before a proper Magistrate for an.

Offence agafnft the Peace, be subjected to some severer Puniftiment than can, by the Laws now in being, be in-ffidfced.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it should be in the Power of the Court, before whom any Felon is tried, where the Circumstances of the Prosecutor require it, to order a reasonable Allowance to ifucfi Prosecutor, according to their Discretion, to be paid by the Treasurer of the County.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Reward should be given for the apprehending any Person returning from Transportation, to be paid upon Conviction 5 and that the Method of convicting of such Offenders should be rendered more eafyand less expensive.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,' agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the said Resolutions^ And that Sir Richard Lloyd, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Bathurst and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Adb Horner’s to impower %the Guardian or Guardians of Thomas Horner Leafing. Esquire, an Infant, for the Time being, to make Leases, land Copyhold Grants, of his Estates in the County of Somerset, during his Minority, according to the Usage and Custom of the Country, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

/ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles 'Mordaunt, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Fazakerly, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Cust, Lord Strange, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Potter, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lyfier, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Colleton, Lord Limerick, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Ord, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Turner, Mr. Mellish, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Ockenden, Mr.-Bridgman, Mr. Carter, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Jodrell, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Powney, Mr. Kent, Mr. Plump-tie. Sir Geo. Oxenden; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, IVilts, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ellcrker’s for the effectual securing of a Jointure, by way of Rent- Jointure. Charge, for Barbara Mainwaring Ellerker, Wife of Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker Esquire, and raising Portions for their younger Children, pursuant to an Agreement contained in jheir Marriage Settlement, and for confirming and establishing the Surname of Ellerker, and the Coat of Arms of the Ellerkers of Rifby, in the County of York, and the Crest granted by King Henry the Eighth to the said Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker, and his I flue, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ord, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Cust, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Fazakerly, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Jodrell, Mr, Rob inf on, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Powney,

if

24 Geo. II. 23* — 24'

1

| Powney, Mr. Prowjh, Mr. Martin* Mr. Colleton, Colonel

Leighton, Mr. //*y, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Alderman Bet bell) Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Fellowesy Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Robinson, Colonel Stanwix,* Sir Molesworth,

| Mr. Potter, Mr- Bacon, Mr. Hope, Weir, Mr. Lascelles,

| Mr. Sandys, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Cooke; and all the Mem-

I bers who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, C#/»-

! her land, York, Wefmorland, and Durham: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Frefemtion Ordered, That the Bill Tor the better Preservation of

ofGaiwm t|ie Game in that Part of Gra/ Britain called Scotland,

bcutland. .

be printed.

Tythe of The Order of the Day being read, for the H&ufe to HoPs- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Mop Planters, residing in and near the City of Canterbury, and other Places, in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves, and others; and also of the several other Petitions relating to the Tythe j1 of Hops;

\ Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Six

jf Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

| House, to consider of the said Petitions.

I The orher Order of the Day being read;

' liccffireUfc The House resolved ftfclf into a Committee of the of Spirits, whole Housej to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors.

Mr. Speaker left thfe Chair.

Mr. Alderman Betbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Betbell reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24.0 die Apr ills;

Anno 24° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

Preventing A BILL for better securing the Property of the

Robbery-of f\ Owners of Mines from Theft and Robbery, Was Mum. rea(j a seconcj time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Bowesy Mr. Banks, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Butler, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Alderman Betbell, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Batburjl, Mr. Morton, Sir John Custy Mr. Fredericky Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Thomas Bootle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. West, Mr. Vaughany Lord Parker, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Salusbury; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall Devon, Cumberland, Durham, Stafford, Derby, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

WeltonIn- An ingrossed Bill to confirm and establish an Agree-dofme. ment for inclosingand dividing several Lands and Grounds intheParish of Welton, in the County of York, and for settling a yearly Sum on the Vicar, in lieu of Tythes, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the

Vol. 26.

VAprilis. 191

Parish of Welton, in the County of York, and for settling a yearly Sum on the Vicar, in lieu of Tythes, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Barbor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jtkvir*

for veiling the undivided Twelfth Part of John Jekyll, dilate,

an Infant, in the real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. George Montague do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint*them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement Yatton In for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Waste dosure. Grounds in the Parish of Yatton, in the County of Somer-Jet, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing'certain Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Yatton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Office of the better ordering of the Office of Coroner: And that Conner. Mr. Alflon, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cooke, and Mr. Winnington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near ex- ^aws. piring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or. continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for encouraging the GreenlandFilhery) which was to continue in Force, from the 25th Day of December 1731, for the Term of Nine Years, and which, by another Act, tnade in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to«the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects) which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery, and which, by another Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of $e Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British-mzdz Sailcloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable of foreign Sail-cloth, imported into this Kingdom) which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1736^ for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of December 1730, and from thence to

id

Expiring

Laws.

r$z 240 Aprilis. A. 175*1.

the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine,) which was to continue in Force, from the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued ut\til the 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and lit to be continued.

5. Rejolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That.an Act, madef in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapinfe upfrh the Northern Borders of England) which, by several Acts, hath, from time to time, been continued; and by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, ana.for other Purposes therein mentioned) was further continued until the First Day of September 1744, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament} and also several Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, in the aforementioned Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, and which, by the said Act, were to continue in Force until the First Day of September* 1744, anc^ from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament} and which said Act, together with the said several Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, were, by an Act, made in the 17th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, further continued until the 24th Day of June 1751, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons*going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and/or the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice)." which v/as to continue in Force, from the First Day of June 1723, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was continued from the Expiration thereof for Five Years* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was further continued until the First Day of September 1736; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of September 1744, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament'; and ti/hich, by another Act, made in the 17th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of Jutie '1751, arK^ from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be-continued,

7.-Resolved^ That is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sfea Bank, which was to continue in Force during 1

the Continuance of an Act, mad£ in the 9th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which, by another Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued during the Continuance'of the afore-mentioned Act:, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his said late Majestyand which, by another Act, made in the 17 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1751, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, made in she 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop.-Binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops, wtych was to continue, in Force during the Continuance of an Act made in the 9th Year of the Reign of'Ins said late Majesty; and which, by another Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign , of his present Majesty, was further continued during the Continutnce of the afore-mentioned Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which, by anoth’er Act, made in the 17th Year of his present Maje%’s Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day o{ June 1751, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to Be continued. r.

.9. Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a' CJaufc in an Act, ma<je in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for continuing an Act for the more £ffeftual.punifiring wicked andrevi'l-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing.Injuries and Violences to the‘Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) to extend during the Continuance of the said A Cl, all the Provisions therein contained (for the more speedy and easy bringing the Offenders against the said Act to Justice, and the Persons who shall conceal, aid, abet, or succour, such Offenders, and for making Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person and Persons, their Executors and Administrators, for the Damages they shall have sustained or suffered by ^ny Offender or Offenders against the said Act, and fop the Encouragement of Persons to apprehend and secure such Offender and Offenders, and for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which* shall be found, commenced, or prosecuted, for any of the Offences committed against the said Act, together with all Restrictions, Limitations, and Mitigations, by the said Act directed) to all Cafes of Offences committed by unlawfully and maliciously breaking down or cutting down the Bank or Banks of any River, or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lartds shall be overflowed or damaged,or by unlawfully and maliciously cutting any Ho£>-Binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops, or by wilfully and maliciously setting on Fire, or causing to be set on Fire, any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; and which, by an Act, made in the 17th Year of his present Majesty’s ' Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1751, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

1 a. Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, /That several Clauses in an Act, made in the ioth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for the more effectual" Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal, or unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers in Forests, Chaces, or Parks) which were to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which, by'an Act, made in the 17th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued until the 24th Day of June 1731, and from thence to (he End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

11. Resolved

X

24 GfcO- Ik 14° jipriH 193

11. Refclvedy That it is the bpinioh of this Committee* That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law) which was to continue in force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 1739, anc^ ^rom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 5 and which, by another Act, made in the 17 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1751, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

12. Rejolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-vr&faGunpowder) which was to continue in force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence £9 the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which,by another A(ft, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, until the 24th Day of June 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the jth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts) which was to continue in force for Three Years, from the 24th Day of June 1732, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, until the 29th Day of September 1743, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflibn of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, until the 29th Day of Septanber 1750, and from thence to the End of the then inext Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

14. Refolded, That it is-the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Scores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th Day of June 1722; and which, by an Act,made in the 16th Year of the Rtign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

15. Rcjohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act. made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster> adjoining the reunto, and the several Parishes of Sflint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex) which was to continue in force from the 24th Day o{September 1746, for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to die End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Afb, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, until the 24th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the

Vol. 26.

Ehd of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper, which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom) which was to continue in force for the Space of Eight Months; and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 20th Year of the' Reign of his present Majesty, was explained, amended, and continued, and to be in force with the said last mentioned Act, for the Space of Eight Months, from the ioih Day of January 1746, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Acts, by an Act made in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued, until the 24th Day of September 1748, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the *2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 24th Day of September 1749,. and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for amending, explaining, and enforcing, the said Acts, made in the 19th and 20th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, and for preventing the spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for impowering his Majesty to pro- hibit the killing of Cow-Calves; and which, by an Act* made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* were further continued, until the 29th Day of September 17 jo, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The Four first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

The Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and Eleventh Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Twelfth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read <1 Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills; pursuant to such of the Resolutions of the said Committee, as have been agreed to by the House: And thac Mr. Bacon, Mr. WilkinJon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Salujburyt and Sir Peter Thompson, do prepare, and bring in, chd fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider the several Acts, mentioned in the other Resolutions of the said Committee* which have been postponed.

A Petition of Alexander Granty and Richard Oswaldy of London, Merchants, for themselves, and Company, was presented to the House, and reads setting forth, That the Fort, iituaced in Bance JJlandy in the River Sierra-Leony on the Coast of Africa, formerly belonged to the Royal African Company of England, and continued in their Possession till about the Year 1730, when their Factors were driven from thence by the Natives, who afterwards fold it to Captain John Boycey as Agent to Mr. George Fryer of London, by whom it was put in a State of Defence, for the Protection of the Trade, and Support of the British Interest, in that River; and that the Petitioners, in July 1748, purchased the faicffort of Mr. Fryery together with the Artillery, Stores, Vessels, and small Craft, thereto belonging, as also a large Quantity of Goods lying the re, for carrying on the Trade, as usual, at the said Settlement; by which means, not only

3D the

Expiring

Laws.

AfricaH

Company*

194

*4 — *5

A.

>75 r*

the said Fort, but the whole Trade of the River, depending upon it, was preserved to this Nation, at a Time, when, if abandoned, it must have fallen into the Handy of our formidable Rivals in (lie African Trade; and that, by an Act, parted the last Scilion of Parliament (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) all the Forts claimed by, or in the Potteflion of, the Royal African Company, were,-upon the Diveftment of the said Company, to be absolutely vetted in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, as established by the said Act; and that the said Royal African Company, having, by their Secretary, informed the Petitioners, That they should claim the said Fort in Bance JJland, and include it in the Surrender of their Forts and Settlements upon the Coastof Africa, the Petitioners apprehend, that they shall be thereby deprived of any other Advantage from the said Fort, than what they may enjoy in common with all his Majesty’s Subjects, and mutt: conseqi/ently sustain the Loss of the large Sums expended by the Petitioners, as well as the Fort itself, with the Artillery and Premises thereto belonging; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners, being fully sensible of the Importance of the said Fort, to the Interest and Security of the British Trade, and observing a Desire in the House, that all the Forts erected on the Coast of Africa, for the Protection of the African Trade of Great Britain, should be vetted in the Committee, now intruded by Act of Parliament with the Direction of it, they have presumed to trouble the House with this short State of their Cafe, that a Fort, which they purchased, after a long Abandonment of the Company, which might have patted out of the Potteflion of Great Britain, if they had not so purchased and supported it, and which has not, since the said Purchase by the Petitioners, been in the Potteflion of the old Company, or claimed by them, till now, may not be vetted in the Committee of the new Company, upon such a Claim, without some previous Enquiry into the Right of the Petitioners, and a proper Recompence to them for their Expence in the original Purchase of the said Fort, and their constant Maintenance of it ever since; and expressing the Willingnei's of the Petitioners to submit their whole same and Interest to the Judgment and Decision of this House: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report of the Commissioners, for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, patted the last Session (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, and also the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bond side Creditors of the said Company, and also the Papers which were presented to this House, upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matters of Fast contained in this Petition, with their Observations thereupon.

Duties oft Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

Tobacco. the better securing of the Duties payable upon Tobacco: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Campbell, of Calder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

Excessive Use Mr. Alderman Bethell, according to Order, reported Spirits. froni Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, relating to Spirituous Liquors, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to

report to the House; which he rend in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the excessive drinking of Spirituous Liquors is, in a -great measure, owing to the unlawful Retailing of the fame, by Numbers of low and disorderly Persons, withouc Licence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Laws for preventing the Retailing of Spirituous Liquors, without Licence, and for regulating the licensed Retailers thereof, be explained and enforced.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this ^Committee,

That an additional Duty be laid upon Spirituous Liquors, and Licences.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to, whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Complaint Consideration of the Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Acfluther. General Anjlrutber.

And the Complaint delivered to the House, by Sir Henry Erskine Baronet, relating to the said General Anjlrutber, was read:

And the Answer of the said General Anjlrutber, to the^ said Complaint of Sir Henry Erskine Baronet, was also read:

And several Parts of an Act, made in the aoth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the King’s most gracious, general* and free Pardon, were also read.

Notice being taken, Th^t, from some Words which rnterposition had been spoken, in the House, by Sir Henry Erskine, and ofthrey^u^c General Anjlrutber, there was Reason to apprehend a Quarrel might ensue;

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required them to (land up in their Places, and give the House Assurance not to profecuce what had happened:

Whereupon, General Anjlrutber flood up, in his Place, and promiied the House not to prosecute the Matter:

And then Sir Henry Erskine flood up, in his Place, and made the like Promise, on his Part.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 25° die Aprilis;

Anno 240 Georgii IF* Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

THE House being, informed, That Satisfaction had Privilege.

been given to Sir George Oxenden Baronet, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of, upon the Second Day of this instanc April;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Sir John Cujl reported from the Committee, to whom Ear| of _ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Act for mom’sEitate. vesting divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Cork, in the Kingdom of Ireland, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Egaient, in him and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses of that Settlement, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County, of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined-.

t

?4 Geo. II. 15* Ap*

Examined, and found that the Orders of the tloufe, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenc to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hisvPlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 34. Leave out " Thopias,'9 and insert Frantis:9

Pr. 15. L. 19. Leave out cc is willing and desirous to 11 make such effectual Security for the Payment of the " said Sum of Three hundred Pounds, for the Benefit " of the Charity Schools in Ireland, as is herein after, " in that behalf, provided and appointed," and instead thereof, insert " hath paid the Sum of Three hundred u Pounds to the said Corporation, for erecting Charity " Schools in Ireland, and hath obtained a Receipt and " Discharge for the fame."

TV. 16. L. 19, 20, Leave out cc Sir Francis Clerke, and " Edward le Grand, their" and instead thereof, insert Joint, now'Earl of Egmont, his."

L. 25. Leave out from " Name," to the Second <c and, " in Prefs 19, Line 11.

Pr. 26. L. 33. Leave out from the End of the Line to the Fnd of the Bill.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

B'H for alter- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning the Style, ing next, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use.

Ludlow Ordered> That the Report from the Committee, to

Koad. whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Lud/cnv, in the County of Salop, through Wofer-tons and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead, at Orleton, in (he County of Hereford, was committed, be taken into Confkieracion Tomorrow Morning,

Ways Refcked, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, ana Muds. rcf0jve ;nto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply gran:ed to his Majesty.

Avon Sir John Rufbout presented to the House, according to Navigation. Order, a Bill ior the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of War-1wick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-Carriage upon the said River: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mcnzie*Coal A Bill for veiling, for a certain Term of Years, in

Machine. Michael Menzies Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole property of a Machine, by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places where they arc dug, to the Heaps at the Mouths of the Pits, ar*l, in some Cafes, from the Heaps to the Staiths, or Places where they are put on board Ships or Keels, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland\ Colonel Haldane, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Colleton% Lord Gage, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Parker, Mr. Torke, Lord Limerick, Mr. Pep I am, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Wimington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mellifo, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Vol. 26.

Ridley, Mr. Warlurlon, Mr. Fellcwh, Mr Peachey, Mr.

Thomas Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Watson, Mr Pitt, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Potter, Mr. Oswald, Mr. LeVb Gower, Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bold, Lord Downe, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Waller, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Greatheed, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Hope Wier, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Medlicot, Lord William Manners, Mr. WilfoH, Mr. Locke, Sir Robert Di Cornwall; and all the Members who serve for North Bri-f tain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Account of before this House, an Account of all Tobacco imported p0°t^r1 into Great Britain, for Seven Years, ending at Lady-day 1750, distinguishing each Year, and each Port, and alfo1 distinguisfiingj the several Quantities which have been annually imported into each of the said Ports, for the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Mitchell have Leave to go to Leave of the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Wimington reported from the Committee, to Farthing-whora the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common (tone Indoa Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste ^urc* Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Farthingstone, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Anne Hopkins, who is possessed of Six Yard-Lands, in the said Common Fields, who declared lhedid not care to sign, but was for the Inclosure, if it was done in a just and fair manner; John Adams, who is possessed of a Quarter and Half a Quarter Yard-Land, who declared he had nothing to say against the Inclosure, but did not chuse to sign; and Reynolds, who i$ possessed of an undivided Moiety of a Yard-Land, with Five others, who have all consented to the Bill, but the said Reynolds, who is a Lunatick 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once, read throughout; and then ^Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River Rlbbte Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, Bridge*

near a Place called the Fish House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Mason was presented to the House, Privilege* and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is now a Prisoner, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Sir John Molesworth, a Member thereof; and acknowledging the Greatness of his said Offence, and expressing his unfeigned Sorrow for the fame; and repre-fenting to the House, That the Petitioner’s Confinement is of very great Detriment to him, and his suffering Family, who have no ocher Dependance for Support, than the daily Labour and Industry of the Petitioner: And therefore imploring the Favour and Mercy of the House and that they Will take the deep Distress of the Petitioner,

ted

25°-2ti

J. 1751.

Darlington

Road.

and his Family, Into Con/ideration; and grant Orders for produced, and proved, Copie

his being d./charged from his Confinement. of the

Ordered, That the said Thomas Majon be brought to this

Bar of this H"ufc Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged ouc of Custody.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane junior, do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repaiiing the High Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, through Cockerlon, to SwanHouse, thence tip and having been further examined, he was again directed

es of Two Resolutions of the Colony;

The said Copies were read.

And the said Mr. Partridge was examined, in relation tb the said Resolutions.

And then the said Mr. Partridge, and also the Counsel on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

The Counsel were again called in.

And the said Mr. Partridge was also again called;

Broome Dikes Lane, and through the East End of fVejl

Auckland, and from thence to Saint Helen s Auckland, and from thence to Greenfield, in the said County of Durham, and through the West End of IVefl Auckland, over the River Gaundlejs,to David Jack/on's House, on RayleyFell,

in the said County of Durham, and also the high Road the said Bill, be adjourned till Monday Morning next. leading from Pierce Bridge, in the County of Durham, to

to withdraw.

He tfoas again called in, and further examined.

And then the said Mr. Partridge, and also die Oh both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel, upon

Legg'sCrofis, at the Head of Bilderjhaw, in the said County, was commictfd.

Mr. Vane junior, accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he wasdirefted to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question ievetrally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Westminster A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last

Small Debts. Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more ea and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which adjoined) thereto, and for making the said Act more effectual, was read a Second time-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Colleton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Cary, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hi I Iss. Lord Downs, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hunter, Lord Strange, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Amyand, Sir Peter tVarren, Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Lev. Gower, Lord Coke, Mr. , Mr. Barbor.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. l7 Mr.

hagh, Mr Plumptre, Mr. White, Mr. Hay, Sir Turner, Mr. Hill, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pellowes, Air.

Mr. Wilk-tifcn, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Brookjbank,

Mr. Burrell, Colonel Halda Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Pytts, Lord Gage, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Harrison,

Mr. Page, Sir William Calvert, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr.

Waller, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Gwynn,

Lord Dupp/in, Admiral Toumfoend, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Greatheed, Sir Peter Thompjcn: And they are to meec this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Fttnerisj 2 6° die Flprilis;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751*

Prayers.

MR. Legh reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ato enable William Leyborne, formerly called IVi/liam, Leyborne "Taylor, to taker and life, the Surname of Leyborne only, and bear the Coat of Arms of the Family, of Leyborne, pu rfuant to the Will of his Uncle William Leyborne^ deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tQ be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Taylor's

Name.

Office of Coroner.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend, Mr. Powney, and Mr. Cornewall\ be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better ordering of the Office of Coroner.

Thomas Ma/on was, according to Order, brought to the Privilege. Ban where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged our of Custody, paying his Fees.

Chamber.

CoWial Bills The House, according to Order, proceeded to the furor Credit* ther hearing of Counsel, upon the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders, in Payments of Money:

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the Counsel for Richard Partridge, Agent for the Governor and Company of the English Colony of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations, in New England, in America, were heard, and produced Evidence in Support Of the Petition of the said Richard Partridge, on the behalf of the said Colony.

And the State of the Paper Currency, in the said Colony, Was read. *

'And the Counsel for the said Rishard Partridge having

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee to whom chc Bill for repairing the high Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, through Cocker ten, to Swan House, thence up Broom Dikes Lane, and through the East End of West Auckland, and from thence to Saint Helen's Auckland, and from thence to Greenfield, in the said County of Durham, and through the Wed End of West Auckland, over the River Gaundlefst to David Jackson's House, on Ray/ey Fell, in the said County of Durham, and also the high Road leading from Pierce Bridge, in the County of Durham, to Legg's Cross, at the Head of Bilderjhaw, in the said County, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereuponv agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the I Joule to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofted.

An ingro/Ted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of F. for veiling divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, moat*sEti in the County of Corke, in the Kingdom of Ireland, com-pri led in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Egmonj, in him and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses of chat Set-

tlement’

Darlington

Roads.

%\ GEO; Ili

tlcment, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof* to the same Ufts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

torreyRoadsi Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whorri the Petition of the Genrlemeo, Freeholders, and Trades-men, of the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and Southampton, and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants

I of the Parishes of Saint Mary Rotherbitb, and Saint Mary

Magdalen Bermondjcy, in the County of Surrey, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Parishes; and also the Petition of the Trustees appointed by, and in pursuance i of, several Acts of Parliament, made in the 4th, 6th, an^l

icth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the icth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they I appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-

port in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petitions;

Mr. John Midd/emash said, That, from fVcJiminster Bridge, to a Place called Symondfs Corner, which is about Half a Mile in Length, a commodious Road had been made 5 but that at present it wanted some little Repairs, and will constantly want repairing:

Thar, from the End of the said Road already repaired,

there is a Road* about Half a Mile long, leading to Newington, some Parts whereof are very narrow, and many Parts so bad, that it is extremely dangerous for Coaches, j and other Carriages, to pass thereon; and that the fame

is the direct High Road into the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and leads to most Parts of the County of Surrey: That, from the End of the said new Bridge Road, there

I is another Road which leads to Lambeth, which also wants

repairing.

And he further said, That if the Road from Lambeth, leading to Newington, was repaired and widened, and a new Road made from thence into the Kentish Road, near the Lock Hospital, and also a new Road from a Place called Symonds's Corner, in Lambeth Marsh, cross Saint George's Fields, to the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and another new Road from the End of the new Bridge Road, cross some Grounds, to Kensington Common, he believed the same would be of great Advantage to all Persons travelling the Kent, Su/fex,

; and Surrey Roads; but that the same cannot be performed,

without the Aid of Parliament.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Stevenson Gourney.

Mr. Beria Hill said. That if a new Road was made from the Grange Road, in the Parish of Bermond/ey, to the new intended Road near the Lock Hospital, he apprehended such Communication would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of Bermond/ey and Rotherbitb, and to all Persons having Occasion to travel thereon; as the same will only be about 290 Yards; and the nearest Road they have at present is about Two Miles.

A Member informed your Committee, That the Proprietor of most of the Grounds, through which the said Road is proposed to lead, is desirous that the same should be done.

Then fcvfcral Proposals were laid before your Committee, for making, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads before mentioned \ but your Committee did not Vol. a6.

think it necessary to report any other than the Prdpdfal Surreyltostfj; following, made by the Trustees for repairing the Roads .,... j in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, inasmuch as the Persons who laid othf£r Proposals before the Committed acquiesced in this 5 whichTroposal is hereunto annexed.

APPENDIX:

Proposals for making* widening; and keeping in Repair, the Roads mentioned in the Petitions of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmen, of the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Bermond/ey and Rotherbitb.

Tb have Power to purchase at least 80, and not exceeding 100, Feet of Land in Breadth, front Symokds's Comer, on the new Bridge Road, to the Stones End ih Blackman Street, 42 Feet whereof in the Middle to be a Wheel Road, and Eight Feet a Foot Path; the Remainder on each Side to be used for digging and getting Material for making and keepingehe said Roads in Repair* that the said Eight Feet Foot Way shall be raised in, for the Security of the Passengers: To have the like Power to purchase a sufficient Quantity of Land, to widen the present Road from Lambeth Stones End to Newington; so that the whole of the old Road, and Land purchased, be not leis than 80 Feet, nor more than ido wide; in the Middle whereof to make a Wheel Road 42 Feet wide, and a Foot Path of Eight Feet; the Remainder on each Side to be used as above. 1

The like Power of purchasing from 80 to too Feet,' from Newington, to the Kentish Road, near the Lock Hospital, to make a Wheel Road in the Middle 42 Feet wide, and a Foot Path Eight Feet* the Remainder oil each Side to be used as above.

The like Power for making a Road from the End of the present Bridge Road to Kensington Common, in the same manner as above.

And likewise to have Power to purchase so much Land* to make a Wheel Road, and Foot Path, agreeable to the Petition of the Inhabitants of Bermdndjey and Rotherbitb.

That no Part of the Land so purchased shall be used for Layftalls of any kind, or shall be built upon, or lett, for the Accommodation of any Building, except for Toll-houses, or Watch-houses: And for the making, and keeping all the aforesaid Roads, together with the Road from the Stones End of Westminster Bridge, in Repair, they have Power to erect Bars, or Gates, on any Part of the aforesaid Roads, so as no Toil be taken more than once in a Day: That the Toll (with the usual Exceptions) be for every Horse, Afs, or Mule, laden or unladen, drawing, or otherwise. One Halfpenny; for every Drove of Neat Cattle 'id. per Score; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs,

1 d. per Score.

That, immediately after the passing the Ad, the Gates at Lambeth, and the Bar at the End of Lambeth Lane, shall be taken away; and that neither the Trustees of the.

Surrey or Sussex Roads, or Kent, shall, by virtue of any former Ad, ered any Turnpike, or Bars* on any Part of the present or intended Roads mentioned in the Petitions, or within 50 Yards of the fame.

That all the Roads shall be made and widened, as near as can be, to the Plan annexed to these Proposals; and the fame, or the major Part of them, shall be finished by Michaelmas next.

That all the Lands, Roads, and Tolls, be granted for the Term of 31 Years, with usual Powers.

By Order of the Trust of the Surrey and Sussex Turnpikes,

Ste. Gourney.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George's Southwark, and Bermond/ey, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Hardinge, Sir George Oxenden*

Admiral Bo/cawen, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Laroche, Sir Kenrtc

Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Fairfax, and Mr. Kent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

3 E The

V98 '96° Afrills. d. i'js t.

bmiMon ' TEife Lord'Strange repotted from the Comrhittee, to ' Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, MdTaeefrom Liuen Yarn* ^[joih the Petition of die Manufacturers of (taped and 'That he had a Message from his Majesty to rhis House, the King. Chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the signed by his Majesty; and he presented the same to the ‘Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Man- House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members chejfer, in the County of Laftcafler, and the Parts adja- of the House being uncovered); and is as followed!; cent, whose Names are thereunto, subscribed, in behalf of viz.

.themselves; and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers therein, within the said Town :-and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the Petition of the-Manufacturers of Stripes, and chequered Linenc, dnd the.Traders and DeaJejs in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Wigan, in the County of Lan-eaflery and the Parts adjacent, whose. Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and ocher the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers therein, within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and other the; Traders and Dealers in the Linen and Cotton

Manufactures, within the Town and Parish of Blackburn, in the Cooney of bancader, and Parts adjacent, whose Names ar.e thereunto subscribed, }n behalf of themselves, iand others, the Traders arid Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and Parts adjacent* and, $Jfo the Petition of .;she Manufacturers* and others, the.;.T;raders and Dealers in the Linen a/id Cotton Manufacture* within the Town and: Parish of Preston^ in the County - of Lancaster, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Traders and Dealers within the said.Town and;Parish, and Parts adjacent; and

also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, the -Traders and Dealers fin the Linen and Cotton Manufacture, within the Town, and Parish of Stcckpm, in the County of Chester, and Parts adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and Parts adjacent; and also the Petition of several Merchants, and other Dealers, within the City of London, concerned in the Cotton Trade, and in the British Manufactures of coarse chequed and striped Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton: and also the Petition of the Manufacturers of chequered and striped Linens, and of the Traders and

Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, she Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Dealers therein, within the said Town, &c,; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linens made in Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufacture; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fact contained in the said Petitions, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same (together with an Appendix thereto) in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report (with the Appendix) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

« Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The said Report and Appendix are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lords ... A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet, and Mr, desire the Ho ford:

SS? *[*%*"!'

b The Lords do desire that this House will continue Fitting , for feme time.

And then the MeflTengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to continue fitting, for feme time, as the Lords do desire.

And the MeflTengers were again called in; and Mr. "Speaker acquainted them, That the House had considered their Message, and did agree to continue fitting for feme time, as the Lords did desire.

And then the MeflTengers again withdrew.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, having it entirely at Heart, to secure the future Welfare and Happinels of his People, has maturely considered, that nothing can conduce so much (under the Protection of the Divine Providence) to the' Pfefervation of the Protestanc Succefllon in his Royal Family, and the Support of the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of thele Kingdoms (which have been always most dear to him) as the making proper Provisions for the Care and Tuition of the Perfen of his Successor, and for the regular Administration of the Government, in case such Successor should be of tender Years; by means whereof* their Safety, and princely Education may be secured, the publick Peace, and good Order, maintained, and the Strength and Glory of the Crown of Great Britain suffer no Diminution. For these Reafens, his Majesty, out of his paternal Affection and Tenderness for his Royal Family, and for all his faithful Subjects, earnCftly recommends it to both Houses of Parliament, to take this weighty Affair into their moll serious Deliberation; and proposes to their Consideration, That when the Imperial Crown of these Realms shall descend to any of the Issue of his Son, the late Prince of Wales, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, the Princel? Dowager of (Vales, their Mother, should.be Guardian of the Perfen of such Successor and Regent of these Kingdoms, until they shall attain such Age; with such Powers and Limitations, as shall appear neccftary and expedient for these important Purposes.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet, and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wendover, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts &c. Road*. of Parliament for repairing the Road from Wendover, to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Wendover, to the End of a Lane called Oak banef next the great Road called the Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconsfield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Beconsfield, to the River Colne, near Uxbridge aforesaid, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, inticuled. An Act Isling'on toenablethe Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary Churdi. Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have pa fled-a Bill, intituled, An Act for Neale* naturalizing Count Stephanas Laurentius Neale: To which Nacuraliza-the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And tion* also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bulstrode’s confirming a Partition of the Estate late of George Gard- Estates. ner Esquire, deceased, and for settling and disposing of the Lands belonging to Edward Bulftrode Esquire, upon the said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances, and for a Provision for himself and his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MeflTengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this Member* House, do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, and summone* the Courts there, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House:

And lie went accordingly; and returned.

AMef-

24 GeCk.II.

i 6 ° ApriHsu

m

Add-cfs to , A Mtffage* from the Lords, by tire Lord Chief J.ustice

the King on WiUes% and the Lord Chief Baron Parker:

huMeffage. Mr Spcakt>rj [

The Lord> have agreed upon an Address, to be pre-; fented to his. Majesty: To which the Lords define the Concurrence. of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Addiefs.was. read; and is as followed

viz*

Most Gracious Sovereign,

And the Blafik therein was> filled ujfcwithfthfe Words,

" and Commons.".

Ordered, Thar Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer dd: carry the said. Address.to the Lords; and acquaint theitfi-That this House hath agreed to the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, That he had; pursuant to their Order, carried the: said Address to the Lords i and had acquainted 'them* That; this House had agreed to the fame; and that he had left the said Address with their Lordships. r-

,r.

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal: Subjeflsil the Lords Spiritual and Temporal . ~ *. .»

in Parliament assembled, approach your Roy?) Throne^ with Hearts filled, at the fame^Tinr.e, with the deepcfL Sente of Gratitude to your Mainly, and with the qiofti serious and anxious Concern for the future Welfare of Qur Country.

To return your Majesty our Thanks for, your most gra-t cious Mefiaoe, falls infinitely short of those Sentiments, with which the Subject of it inspires us. Ic excites in ua the most sensible Feeling of all those Blefiings which we have enjoyed during youraufpicious and gloriousdjcign; of the Miidntis and Benignity q{ ypur Government, and of that constant Protection which your Majesty has.always extended to our Religion, Lay/Ond Liberties; which you have demondrated by your Conduct, as well as declared, by youf Royal Words, to be’mod dear to you. Happy would it be for all your faithful Subjjeftfc* if Heaven, in Mercy to these Kingdoms, would graciously permit a Reign, so distinguished with every Marklof Goouness ib.it can endear a British Monarch to feislPcople, to be prolonged beyond the ordinary Date. To> look* forward to its period, anticipates a Grief whtch no Words can express. Your Majesty*5 Greatness of Mind, ihewn in your Message, has called upon us, and set us the example, to enter into such Consider ..lions as the high Inii portance of the Occasion requires.

Not content with being the great Indrument of-our Happiness, during your own Time, your Majesty has pointed out to us a generous Concern to provide for the Continuance of that Happiness (as far as human Forefight can do) after God shall have deprived us of the inedimable Blefiing of your immediate Care. In return for this paternal Goodness, permit us to assure your Majesty, that we will lose no Time in taking into our Consideratioa the weighty Affair laid before us in your Message.

We are truly sensible of the high and eminent Qualities of her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of PFales; and we look upon what your Majesty has been graciously pleased to propose to our Consideration, as the Result of your Wisdom, and tender Concern for your Royal Family, and the Intereds of these Kingdoms; and we shall have the most dutiful Regard to what your Majesty has been pleased so wifely to recommend.

In our Deliberations on this important Sobjeft, we shall think it our Duty, as w'ell as our essential Intered, to have theftriCteft and most zealous Attention to the Preserva* tion of the Protestant Succession, as settled by Law, in your Royal Family; the numerous hopeful Branches whereof, formed by your Instruction, and led by your Example, we look upon as so many Pledges of the Security of our Religious and Civil Rights, to future Generations.

May it please the Divine Providence to grant your Majesty such confirmed Health, and Length.of Days, as may render those Provisions, which your Wisdom has fuggeded to us, on this Occasion, unnecessary in the Event; that we may very long enjoy the Benefits of your gracious Government, and your Majesty the dutiful and affefticnate Returns of a most obliged, loyal, and grateful People.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolvedy Netnine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Address to be presented to his Majesty.

Vol. 20.

v Ordered, ffhzt thfcre be laid before this House, Copies>papers of; the*, circular Letters sent by the Commissioners for spefting Go* Tfacteiiaeid Plantations, in Obedience to his Majesty<s lonialCur-CommandSj And pursuant-to the Addrdfcs of this House* rency* in 1739 and . 1740* to the Governor and Company-of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, relatmgrSO, Pa per Currency; and also a'Capy of la Letter from the Duke of Bedford, One of his Majestyfs Principal Secretaries of State, to the said Governor and Company, dated 19th July 1749, written by his Majesty’s Commands, pursuant to the Address of this House.

The Ordetof the pay being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his1 Majesty;

Resolved, TKat this House will, upon Wednesday Morrfing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. ! 1 ( ‘

Thb Order of the Pay bdng read, for the House to importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whdeHoufr,toi of Cambrick*. consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in.

Linen, of the Cities of London and: Westminster, arid Bet* rough of Southwark, whose Names dre thereunto subscribed; ' ..*; ^; >. H

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘fburfdqy Mta&w ing next, resolve itself into a Committee: of the^bole'

Houre, to consider ofi the said Petition.

Ordered, That the feveraLPersons* who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con- LU<n0^ sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Road.

Bill for repairing the Road leading from the* Town of Ludlow, in the County!.of Salop, thrbughT^sr/tf«.and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead’ at Orleton; in the ..... 7

County of Hereford, was committed; .

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consider- v '

ation Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tnd Mead*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses, dated at Lady -day 1750,4^ referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1750, be referred to the said Committee. '

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Cotnmittte

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mondag Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That h$ was dj-rested by the Committee to ijiovc, that they may have;

Leave to fit again.

froo 16° — 27 °- — 2 9* ^.1751.

.Rfotved, That this House V/fU, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,'to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Pytts have Leave to make a Mo- tion, it being near Six of the Clock:

,1 And he moved the House accordingly:

Bolftrode's And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An 1 Estates. Act for confirming a Partition of the Estate late of George Gardner'Efc\uire, deceased, and for settling and disposing of the Lands belonging to Edward Buiftrode Esquire, upon the said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances, and for aProvision for himself, and his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, was read the First lime.

! Rtfibedy That the Bill be read a Second time*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

'Sahbatiy 270 die Aprilis \

Anno *24° Georgii II" Regis, 1751.

PRAVERS.:

DWidinjt A /TR. Chester reported from the Committee; to whom P Briftolm the Bill for di viding the Out-Parish of Saint Philip;

and Jacob, in the County of Gloucesterx and for erecting a Parish Church therein, wa9 Committed That the Cdm-- ' mittee Had:exiamitayd the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had-gone through the . Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-wardidelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Glerk?s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Right of his Majesty and his Successors.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be b-grofied.

Laws respcfl- A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the West ing High- Riding of Torkft/ire, assembled at their General Quarter

wa/s* Sessions of the Peaice, held for the said Riding at Ponte-

frabfy the 19th Day of Afrit 1751, was presented to the House? and read; felting forth, That of late very great Slims of Money, raised as well by the ordinary Course of the Laws made for repairing the Highways in general, as by extraordinary Powers granted by Parliament, for repairing of sundry Highways in particular, have been laid out and expended, and great Care and Diligence employed in repairing the Highways in general, within the said Riding; but that, nevertheless, the same are become very ruinous and dangerous to Travellers, occasioned by the many heavy Carriages puffing.upon the fame; and that the Petitioners have, to the utmost of their Power, caused the Laws now in being, fur ascertaining the Weights of Carriages, and for. preventing any Carriages weighing, together with their respectivq Loadings, above Sixty Hundred Weight, from travelling on the Roads of this Kingdom, to be duly put in; Execution; but that notwithstanding the Endeavours of life Petitioners therein, many Waggoners, Carriers, and others, having found out various Methods of evading the said Laws, do daily travel upon the said Roads ‘with Waggbn^ Carts, and other Carriages, weighing cogether with their respective Loadings* above Eighty Httridred Weight, which the Number of Horses1, by the Laws now in being, allowed to be employed in the Drawing of loaded Carriages) enables them tbvdo^and alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend.

that, uolefs feme further Restraint be laid on the Owners of Waggons, and other Carriages, travelling upon the Roads of this Kingdom, more effectually to prevent their carrying such excessive Weights as they now do, it will be impoffibie to keep the said Roads in Repair: And therefore praying, That the House would take the Pre-‘ mises into their Consideration j and giant such Relief therein, either by reducing the Number of Horses to be employed in the Drawing of any loaded Carriage, that shall hereafter travel upon the publick Roads of this Kingdom, or by such other Methods, as to the House shall seem meetv

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to revise and corifider of the general Laws in being, which relate to the Amending, and Keeping in Repair, of the Highways of that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the De-r fefts, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws.

Ordered, That Lord Downey Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, be added to the said Committee.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Neale's for naturalizing Count StepbanUs Laurentius Neale, was Nat* read the First time.

f Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Muir have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

- The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the' Ludlow Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for re- Road-pairing the Road leading from the Town o{Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through IVoferton and Little Hereford) to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead) at Orletony in the County of Hereford, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Timeap- Mr. Allen: pointed for

Mr. Speaker, - receiving

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Address* That his Majesty hath appointed to be attended with the Addrefsof both Houses of Parliament, this Day, at T wof of the Clock, at his Palace of Saint James; and that the Lords intend to be there at that time;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ludlow whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Road* Town of Ludlowy in the County of Salop, through Wo-ferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead, at Orletony in the County of Hereford, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 9® die Aprilis;

Anno 24° Georgii II'" Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act TaylorV to enable William Leyborney formerly called William Name-Leyborne Taylory to take and use the Surname of Ley borne only, and bear the Coat of Arms of the Family of Ley-borney. pursuant to the Will of his Uncle William homey deCeased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

6 Ordered

24 Geo. IL

101

Ordered, That Mr. Legh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Prote&on of Sir Richard Lloyd presented to the House, according to Justices, &c. Order, a Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Avon A Bill for the better regulating the Navigation of the Jlttigauon. River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcesler, and Gloucester, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-Carriage upon the said River, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rushout, General Handafyde, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Rey-% voids, Mr. Gybhon, Mr. Barbor? Mr. West, Mr. Browne, Sir Richard Wroltefley, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Henley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Allgood, Lord Limerick, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bridgman, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Colebrook, Mr. Compton, Mr. Littleton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Secretaty at War, Mr. £///*, Mr. Mr. Mellish, Mr. Myddle-

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Ridley, Mr. /#//, Lord Parker, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cflob, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Stoper, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Lord Dnpplin, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Tcrke, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Morton, Lord Strange, Mr. Willes, Sir Peter Thomson, Lord Luxborough, Sir Nathanael Citrzon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr. Beckford

Lord Middlesex, Admiral Townjend, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hale, Mr. Neale, Mr. Mr. Wortley

Montague, Mr. Fellowes. Admiral Rowley, Mr. Lamb, Lord Batman, Mr. Phillipjon, Mr. Williams, Admiral Mathews, Colonel Leighton, Lord Harley, Lord Cate, Sir Edmund lsham, Sir Jo//// Ilynde Cc//0«; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Protection of Ordered, That the Bill for the rendering Justices of the Justices. &c. Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants, be printed.

pindon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of in

the room of Valens Comyn Esquire, deceased.

Preston, &c, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston toLancasler^nd from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmor eland.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Snrrey Ordered, That Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Horjemonden Roads. Turner, and Mr. Alexander Hume, be added to the Gentle-

men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newingtonf 67. George*s Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, according ro Order, a Bill for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road, proper for the Passage of Troops and Vol. 26.

Carriages from the City of Cartijle to the Town of Afca/-rayWf upon And the same was received $ and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That both Houses attended his The King’* Majesty, upon Saturday last, with their - Address; to Answer to which his Majesty Was p leased to give this most gracious Address-Answer i

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I return you my hearty Thanks for this very dutiful and affectionate Address 2 The Zeal you express for me, and my Family, and the Sense you shew of rny Care and Concern for the Interest of my People, is very agreeable to me.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Ludlow further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Road* whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Wo-ferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead, at Orle-ton, in the County of Hereford, was committed, be now ,read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be’ing severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The Lord Dupplin (from the Commissioners for Trade Papers*®* and Plantations) presented to the House, pursuant to their

Order, xency.

Copy of a Circular Letter from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, and pursuant to the Address of the Honourable House of Commons in 1739, to the Governor and Company of the Colony of RJoode Island and Providence Plantations, relating to Paper Currency, dated July 5th,

1739: And also,

Copy of a Circular Letter from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, and pursuant to an Address of the Honourable House of Commons in 1740, to the Governor and Company of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, relating to Paper Currency, dated May 20th,

1746.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessiom

The Lord Luxborough reported from the Committee, Golden to whom the Bill to enable the present and future Pro- Square Im-prietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Golden Square, Provcnrent, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves for raising Money sufficient for the better inclosing, paving, enlightening, and adorning, the said Square, and supporting and keeping the same in Repair for the future, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle* gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and mad^ several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

jF Ordered,

buries on Tobacco.

Account of Linen Yarn imported.

Lintofn Small Debts.

Mercers

Company’s

Eilaces.

Brush^ton High Lane, &c. Road.

Moyle’s

ElLtr.

Alconbury Hill. &c. Roads.

lOZ

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Mr. Chancellor e>f the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual fecutfng the Duties upon Tobacco: And the same was received i and read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Duties paid on all white or bleached Linen Yarn imported into this Kingdom, called pnwrdtight Jncle and ffiort Spinnel, for Ten Years, ending at Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Sawyer:.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, Arr Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Debts within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and within the ' Bail, of Linccln} in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of Ltfndon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; Without any Amendment: And also,

1 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of AJkrigg and Ingleton> in the said County, to the Town of Lar.crfter, in the County of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands in Suffolk* Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Moyle Esquire, in Trustees, in Trull to fell the lame, pursuant for an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale towards the Purchase of another Estate, of greater Value, to be settled to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition ofdie Trustees, whose Names are thereunto fub-£ribeid, appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the White Post on Alconbury Hill) in the County of Huntingdon, and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, being the North Division; and also the Petition of others, the Gentlemen of the said County of Huntingdon and the County of Northampton, adjoining or near to the 'said Road; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Btirgefles, and other Burgestes and Inhabitants, of the Town or Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and the Inhabitants of several Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of and for the County of Lincoln, and other Gentlemen, met at the Assizes held at the Castle of Lincoln, iri and for the said County, the 13th Day of March 1750; and also the Petition of the Aldermen, Com-Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of Grantham, and several Genuemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, of the County of Lincoln; and also the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham \ and also the Petition of divers Inhabitants*

Land-Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, in the several Parishes of Great Giding, Little Giding, Steeple Giding Hamer ton, Copingford, Upton, Sawtrey, Glatton, Holme, Stilton, Hemington, Luddington, Clapton, Lifford, A church, and Pilton, on the behalf of ehemselves, and several other Inhabitants of these and other adjacent Parishes in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, which are adjoining or near to the Road proposed to be mended, from Clayway to Barnewell Gate, in the said County of Northampton; and also adjoining to or near the great North Road leading from Alconbury White Pcft to Wandsford Bt idge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of Wansford, Stebbington*r Sibjon, Water Newton, Alwalton, and Chesterton, in the County of Huntingdon, on the behalf of themselves, and, the Inhabitants of other Villages in or near that Part of^ the great Post Road that lies between Stilton and Wandsford, in' the County aforesaid 5 and also the Petition of £he Inhabitants of Post Witham, North Witham, and Col-fterworthy 'in the County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of several other Towns on or near the great Northern Post Road leading to London* were severally referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matters of the Two first-mentioned Petitions 2nd had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; but that no Person appeared to support the Allegations of the rest of the said Petitions; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the ‘first-mentioned Petition,

An Act passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for repairing the Roads leading from Rjoyfton, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, was read; by which Act several Tolls were granted for repairing the said Road, from the 24th . of June 1711, for the Term of 21 Years:

An Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her said Majesty, for more effectually amending the said Road, was also read; whereby the said Tolls were continued for the further Term of 21 Years, from the 24th of June then next ensuing:

An Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the more effectual amending the said Road, wa§ also read; whereby several other Tolls were . granted for repairing the said Road, from 24 June 1727 for the Term of 2.1 Years:

An Act passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was also read; whereby the Tolls and Powers, granted by the said former Acts for repairing the Road from Alconbury Hill to Wandsford Bridge, were continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of 14 Years.

Mr. Robert Mitchell, Clerk to the Trustees, was examined, and said, Thathe was appointed to that Office in the Year 1734; and that, since that Time, about 3,000l. has been borrowed upon the Credit of the T oils: that there now remains due about 1,900l. besides some Interest; and that the Money raised has, ta his Knowledge, been duly applied.

By the Account-Book of the Trustees it appears. That on &he 23d Day of ORober lad (the Time the last Account was Audited) there was remaining a Balance in the Treasurer’s Hands of 461/. 12s. 2d.

Mr. Mitchell said. That of the Money collected since that Time, he believes there may be a Balance of 200l. after dedufting the Money paid, and to be paid, for the Repairs of the said Road, and other Expences attending the fame:

And he produced an Account of the Monies collected at the Turnpikes erected at Saltree and Wandsford, from the Year 1737 to 1750, both inclusive, whereby it appeared, that the Monies collected at Saltree Turnpike have annually exceeded the Monies collected at Wandsford; and that in the Year 1750 the Sums collected were as follows:

At

2 90 AprtliSi

O

14Ge6. II.

*9°

10?

d.

631 10 4k

442 6 0

189 4 4k

At S(three At Wandsford -

Difference

And he said, That the Reason why the Saltree Bar has produced more than the Wandsford n because Travellers frequently go another Road to avoid the Payment of the Toll at Wandsford.

Mr. John BaL’S was examined, and said, That he has been Surveyor of the Road from Alconbury Hill to Wandsford above Twenty Years; and that the said Road is in general in very good Repair, but that, as many heavy Carriages pass. through the fame, and the Spil thereof is in many Places’of a strong Clay, it will not long remain in the present Condition unless it be repaired; and that, as the Materials lie at a considerable Distance, he apprehends the necessary Repairs of the said Road will, one Year with another, amount to about 500l.; and that the Repairs have amounted to about that Sum annually for Six Years past.

Mr. Ralph Newton was also examined, and said. That he lives upon the Hamerton Road; that for some Years last past has seen great Number of Cattle and Carriages pal's through OundU, Barnwell, Aborning, IVinwick, and Hamerton, and formerly through Huntingdon, but lately through jBugdeti, and have thereby avoided the Payment of Tolls at the Stamford, Wandsford, and Saltree Toll Bars; and that, by these Means, the said Roads have been very much torn up, and are now in so ruinous a Condition, that the Inhabitants of that Parc of the Country are not able to get to Huntingdon Market without very strong Teams:

And he added. That Trespasses have been frequently committed by the Cattle which have been drove upon the said Road:

And being asked, Whether, if the Road through Oundle was repaired, moreTcople would not pass that Way? He said, That he believed there would be fewer, because they would then be subject to the Payment of a Toll: and that they would rather go through the great Road, as that is the nearest Way, though they paid Three Tolls; and that People enough go that Road to support the Expence of repairing it.

Mr. Thomas Kirby was also examined, and said. That upwards of 10,000 Head of Cattle came through* the Omdle and Hamerton Road the last Year; and that theyliave come that Way only for Three or Four Years last past: The said Mr. NIitcbeli said, That the Road from Stilton to Peterborough is a Branch of the great North-East Road, and measures about Five Miles and an Half, but is in a very ruinous Condition; and that great Droves of Cattle, which come in at Stilton, pass through the said Road: That the said Road is a shorter Way from London Xo the Eastern Parts of LPncolnshire than the great Road; but that there is a nearer Road than even the last mentioned; but very few People make use of it:

Being further examined, he said, That Travellers from Alconbury Hill to Peterborough pay Toll at Saltree, and have about Seven Miles of Turnpike Road; and that those who go from Alconbury Hill co Wandsford pay Two Tolls: That Carriages to Lincolnshire, when they are not able to get through the Peterborough Road, go the great Road, which he thinks is several Miles about; and that, if the Peterborough Road was in good Condition, he believes that many Carriages would leave the great. Road: And being asked. If a Bar was erected between Stilton and Peterborough, and the same Tolls collected there as at the other Gates, whether the Money collected would be sufficient to repair the said Road ? He said, He believed it would, but could not be certain:

The said Mr. Bales said. That Materials proper for repairing of the Road from Stilton to Peterborough, lie within Three Furlongs of it all the Way; that it is only necessary to repair Five Miles of it; and that under good Management, the same might be well repaired for about 3001, per Mile:

Vol. a6.

That rf the said Road was fn good Condition, mans Passengers would go that Way who do not use it now; and that it would induce some, but he believes not many* to leave the great Road:

And being asked, If the same Toll was collected upon this Road as at 'Saltree, whether it would be sufficient tQ repair it ? He said. He did not think it would be sufficient to repair it in 20 Years; and that the best Place to erect a Turnpike at was in WoodfonsLane; but that such Turnpike might be avoided, and particularly by all Passengers on Horseback.

To shew that the Taking-in of the Road from Stilton to Peterborough, in the Manner it is intended, will be . of Advantage to the great Road;

' Mr. Mitchell was again examined, and said, That if d Turnpike was to be erected on the Hamerton Road, and the Tolls on the great Road were lowered One-third, he believes that the most Part of thfe Cattle and Carriages would go through the great Road; and the Tolls collected at Saltree and Wandsford would, in his Opinion; be increased by this means about 50 /. per Annum:

That the Road from Stilton to Peterborough will cost, to repair it well in the Manner he would have it repaired, about 1,000l.; and that, if the Statute-work was performed, and the Road under good Management, it might be afterwards kept in Repair for about 5csl.per Annum: That if the Turnpike at Wandsford was removed ta Ncrmoncross Hilly which is about Half a Mile beyond the 75 Mile Stone, it would take in Passengers and Carriages to and from Peterborough, the Eastern Part of Lincoln* shire, IVittlefeay and several other Places, whereby the Tolls would be increased about aoo /. per Annum above what are collected at Wandsford.

That the Tolls, with this Addition, together with what was collected on the Hamerton Road, would, under proper Management, be sufficient to repair the Roads, and keep them in Repair; but that, at the first, Money mult be borrowed to amend the Hamerton and Peterborough Roads; and the Toils would produce a Fund sufficient to ’ pay the Principal and Interest, and to support the Roads i And that he apprehends, if these Roads were in good Condition, the Number of Travellers would be increased; for that several would pass through them that now go by Pons Bridge and St. Jvesy and other Places, on the Left Hand of the great Road.

Being asked, If the Wandsford Turnpike was removed to Normoncrossy whether Travellers from Peterborough to the great Road, might not come into the great Road between Stilton and Normoncross Hill without paying Toll? He said. That the Road Irom Taxley to Stilton is in a very bad Condition; and that, if the Broyk was scoured fof about Half a Mile, Travellers could not pass, but would be obliged to go a Quarter of a Mile about to Normoncross Turnpike; or that a Side-Bar might be erected at the said Brook; but he owned, that the Road through Taxley to Peterborough is at present a great Road:

And he also said, That Travellers might miss the Bar at Normoncross Hill, by going through Stilton old Road: But he said, That if a Turnpike was erected at Stiltori TownEnd,he believed as much Money would be raised there as at any other Place; for that this Bar would take ,in all Travellers from Peterborough, and the Eastern Parte ' ‘of Lincolnshire, unless they went Five or Six Miles about; and that, if a Side-Bar was erected, it would take in alt Passengers from the adjacent Towns.

Being also asked, whether 631 /. per Annum (which wa9 the Sum the Saltree Bar produced in 1750) would not be sufficient to keep the great Road from Saltree to Wandsford 'm Repair, and to pay the Debt and Interest? He said, He did not know but it might; but that, One wet Summer would occasion more Money to be spent in repairing the Road than Two wet Winters; and that, if the Produce of the Saltree Bar alone would be sufficient to keep the Road in Repair, and to pay off the Debt, he should think it unreasonable to have no other Bar besides that; but that, if the Peterborough Road was in good

Repair,

AlconhmT Hill, &c. koads.

Alconbttly Hill, Sec. Roadi.

204

2 90 Apr

4- 1751.

Repair, and the Wandsford Bar removed'to a proper Place, he thinks the Tolls in general might be reduced One-third.

Mr. George Robtnjon proved the Subscription of Mr. George Raitt, the Mortgagee' of the Tolls, to this Petition.

The Evidence produced in Support of the Allegations of the Petition of the Mayor of Stamford, &c. was as followeth:

Mr. John Newball was examined, and, said. That he is a common Carrier, and lives near Stamford; and has paid Tolls for the Repair of the Road from Alconbury Hill to Wandsford Twenty-three Years:

That from Alconbury Hill to Stilton was first repaired; and the other Parr, from Stilton to Wandsford, has teen repaired about Seven or Eight Years:

That before the Road was turned at Water Newton, it was in that Part in a very bad Condition and Persons were frequently obliged to go through private Grounds; but that the whole Road is now in good Repair:

That Travellers from Alconbury Hill to the other Side of Wandsford Bridge pay Two Tolls; and that, before the Road from Stilton to Wandsford was repaired, Persons Who travelled from Peterborough to Stilton, had near as much good Rqad for the Payment of One Toll, as those that went from Alconbury Hill to the other Side of Wandsford Bridge had for the Payment of Two; that those who do not go over Wandsford Bridge only pay One Toll for the Whole Road; and that a great Number of the Inhabitants of Wandsford have paid to both the Bars:

That Monies collected at the Turnpikes at Wandsford and , Saltree is more than sufficient to keep the Road in Repair; and that, if the Term is enlarged, as ic is proposed to be, he himself would take the Saltree Turnpike; with the Money now in Hand, and, would give Security to pay off the Debt and Interest, and thinks that he could also keep the Road in good Repair:

But, upon further Examination, he owned, That if the Wandsford Bar was entirely taken away, Passengers might go Fourteen or Fifteen Miles upon the Road without paying any T ell:

That not One Passenger or Carriage in T en, that travels upon the great Road, goes to Peterborough; and that therefore they would pay towards the Support of a Road that they have no Benefit of:

That Passengers and Carriages from Peterborough pay at Saltree Bar, but not at Wandsford; and they go about Seven Miles upon the Road, and the Remainder of the Road is about Eight or Nine Miles more:

Being a(ked, IF the Wandsford Bar was removed to Stilton Town End, whether all Passengers and Travellers muff not go through that Bar ? he said, That in that case Carriages from Peterborough, and the East Parts of Lincolnshire, would pay at Two Bars; but that he thinks, the Passengers on Horseback might avoid the Stilton Bar: That if Wandsford Bar was taken away, and no Bar fixed at any other Place, Passengers would not pay any thing from Stamford to Saltree, which is Seventeen Miles together; for that the Repairs of the Road from Wandsford to Stamford is independent of the Saltree and Wandsford Tolls, and is repaired by the Tolls collected upon the Stamford Road; and that the Bar on the North Side of Wandsford, belongs to the Trustees for repairing thfe, last mentioned Road:

Being asked If the Road from Stilton to Peterborough is Part of the great Road ? he said, That it leads to Crow-land, and some other Places; that he believes One-fifth Part of the Travellers from Lincolnshire to London do not now cOme through Peterborough, but more would use that Road if tt was repaired, for it would be the cheapefr, because they would avoid Two Bars at Wand ford; and that this would tend to the Decay of the great Road; but that if the Bar upon Wandsford Bridge was removed to the End of fyilton Town, he thinks they could not avoid die Payment of Toll without trefjpaffing.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the en-

larging of the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royfton in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Pofty on AI-. conbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division;j and that the Tolls, taken at Saltree and Wandsford Toll-Gates, may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton,

The House, was moved, That the Petition of the Trustees, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Hun? tingdr.n, and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, being the North Division, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was propo'fed to be made to the Question, by leaving out all the Words therein between the Word te Bill," and the Words "and for repairing " the Road."

And the Question being put, That die Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {££ f: ] 118‘

Tellers for the Noes, {ufCtflcmj

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the enlarging of the Terms and Powers, snd making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royfton, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls, taken at Saltree and Wandsford Toll-Gates, may, from and after a certain Time, be lowere'd; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Ellisy the Lord Coke, the Lord Dupplin, Sir William Tonge, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Wort!ey, Mr. Lamb, and Mr. Fellowes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom* it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ac the Clerk:s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be ifiiied and applied the Sum of Six hundred Thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplufics, Excesses, or Overplus-Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any Sort of Drink or Wa»h, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, or from brewers Wash or Tilts, or any Mixture with such Brewers

*3 / Waih

Ways am Msaiis.

14 Geo. II, if Ap205

Wash or Tilts, Three Half-Pence, over and above all other Duties charged, or chargeable, thereon; to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee! That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for cyery Gallon of Strong Waters or Aqua Vitae, made for Sale, of the Materials aforesaid, Four Pence Half-Penny, over and above all other Duties charged, or chargeable, thereon; to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of'Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, Three Pence, over and above all other Duties charged, or chargeable, thereon; to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Spirits, made or drawn in Great Britain, from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, Three Half-Pence, over and above all other Duties charged, or chargeable, thereon; to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

6. Rtjohed\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from Cyder, or any Sorter Kind of British Materials, except those before-mentioned, or any Mixture therewith. One Penny Three Farthings, over and above all otherDuties charged,or chargeable, thereon; to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Spirits, made for Sale, from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except those before-mentioned, Three Pence Half-Penny, over and above all other Duties charged, or chargeable, thereon 5 to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits, made or drawn from the Materials aforesaid, a Drawback or Allowance be made of the several and respective Duties aforesaid, on the Exportation thereof.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitse, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer, before landing, over and above all other Duties payable for the fame. One Shilling,

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be granted and paid to his Majesty, for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer, before landing, over and above all other Dutiespayable for the fame, Two Shillings.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the 25th Day of March 1752, the Duty of Five Pounds, payable by every Distiller that shall take out a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, do cease and determine; and that no Distiller be permitted to fell by Retail.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, in Lieu thereof, an additional Duty of Twenry Shillings per Annum be laid on every Person retailing Spirituous Liquors, from and after the 25th Day of March l75

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several additional Duties shall (land appropriated, and be applied, to the same Uses and Purposes respectively, as the present Duties on Spirituous Liquors and Licences are now liable and appropriated unto.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery) which was to continue in Force, from the 25th Day of December 1731, for the Term of Nine

Vol. 26.

Years; and which; by another Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near^expiring, and fit to be continued.

15. Resolved, That it iOthe Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign ,of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale-Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects) which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fiibery) and which, by ary-other Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 2 jth Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British-made Sail-Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-Cloth imported into this Kingdom) which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 13th Year of -the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland) as relates to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, which was to continue in Force, from the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, under proper Regulations.

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of . his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder) which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from , the 24th Day otjune 1731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament> and which, by another Act made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The Thirteen first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourteenth and Fifteenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

The Sixteenth, Seventeenth, and Eighteenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which, Supply Bill upon Wednesday last were reported from the Committee on of the whole tjoufe, to whom it was referred to consider sPims-3 G of

Z&6

A. 17 51

of the Petition of the Lord Mayor,’ Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in CommonCouncil asflem-bied, relating to Spiriruous Liquors, and werechen agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, itead accordingly; and are as (Qlloweth; viz.

" Refdved, That the exteflive Drinking of Spirituous u Liquors is in a great measure owing to the unlawful -c< retailing of the fame, by Numbers of low and difor-u derly Persons, without Licence."

" Resolved, That the Laws for preventing the Retailing " of Spirituous Liquors without Licence, and for regu- dating the licensed Retailers thereof, be explained and enforced."

<s Refolved\ That an additional 'Duty‘be laid upon Spi-u ricuous Liquors and Licences." ,

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the Resolutions last mentioned, and also pursuant to the <Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninrh, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth, Relb-lucions, which were this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to eqnfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the lix-chequer, Mr. lyttieton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville, Mr Attorney-General, Mr. SoHicitor-General, and Mr. Scrcpe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or

Sinking Fund.

Bills, pursuant to the First, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, and Eighteenth Resolutions, which 'were this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing che Supply granted to his Majesty, and have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Sollidtor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonial Bills or Credit.

Ditto.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, ConneEli-cut, the Massachufets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders, in Payment of Money.

And the House being informed. That Richard Partridge, Agent for the Governor and Company of the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, in New England, in America, dtfired L.eave to withdraw his Petition, whkh was presented to the House upon the First Day of this Instant April, on the Behalf of the said Co-Jony;

Ordered, That the said Richard Partndge be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Fetition of William Bolan Esquire, Agent for his Majestys Province of the Massachusets Bay, in New England, was prefemed to the House, and read; fitting forth. That their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, by their Charter under the Great Seal, bearing Date the yth Day of October, in the Third Year of their Reign, granted unto the Inhabitants of the said Province, and their Successors, the Province of Massachusets Bay, and the Territories thereunto belonging, particularly described in the said Charter, for their proper U fe and Behoof forever; and the said Charter directed, That there should be a Governor, or Deputy-Governor, and a Secretary, to be appointed by the Crown, and Twenty-eight Assistants or Coun-fellors, to be aiding and affixing to the Governor, to be elected in the Manner therein mentioned and that there

should :be :he)d>ar>nualfy a General Court, or AJfembly, capftfting of >the Governor and Council for the Time being, and of the Reptefeotatives chosen for che rrfpeftiyc Towns and Piacos in die said Province; which General AOtmlply was thereby inupowered to make, ordain, apd establiftij.all manner of ;W>holcfome and reaionableOrde^, Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances, Diiedioos and Instrue-tions;^not repugnant or contrary to the Laws of England) as they should judge, to be for the Good and Welfare ?f the said Province,!and for the Government Reordering thereof, and of the People inhabiting, or ftho foall inhabit, -the fame, and for the necessary Support and Defence of the Government thereof; with Power tp.njipose and levy proportionable and reasonable Assessmeurs, Rates, and Taxes,;upon the Estates and Persons of all and every the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the said Province, ro.be issued and disposed of by Warrant under the Hand of the Governor, with the Advice and Confeut of the Council, for the Service of the Crown, in the necessary Defence of che Government of the said Province, and the Protection and Preservation of the Inhabitants there, according to such Arftsas were or should. be.in Force within the said Province; and to dispose of Matters and Things, whereby the Inhabitants of the said Province might be peaceably and civilly governed, protected, and defended; and that, in the Faffing -of all Laws, and all Elections, and Acts of Government, in the General Afierpbly, or Council, the Governor should have a negative Voice; and that, without his Content or Approbation,'in Writing, no such Law, or Act$ ,of Government,'should be of any Force or Validity; and thejc the said Orders, Laws, and Statutes, should be transmicted, under the Seal of the Province, to the Crown, for their Approbation or Disallowance; and chatTuch of them as should, within Three Years after their being so prefenced, bedifallowed or rejected by the Crown, should ccafe, and be void; and that, in case the Crown should not, within the said Term of Three Years, signify their Disallowanqe of the fame, that then the same should continue in Force until che Expiration thereof, or until the same should Be repealed by the General Assembly; and representing to the House, That there are no Paper Bills of Credit of the said Province of Massachusets Bay, at present out (landing, ample Provision having heeniong since made for discharging all ,such Bills; and as to such as were formerly issued by the said Province, the same were, for the most parr, issued for publick and national Services, which, without them, could not have been undertaken; and that, in che Reign of their said Majesties King William and Queen Mary, the Inhabitants of the said Province undertook an Expedition against Canada, with an Intent to reduce that Country to their Majesties Obedience, and employed therein a great Number of Ships, Soldiers, and Seamen; which Expedition failed of Success, and was attended with the Loss of a considerable Number of Men; and the Charges thereof were so great, that the Inhabitants were unable to make Payment thereof in Money, and were thereby induced to issue Bills of Credit, to a considerable Amount, in lieu of Money, to their Creditors; and thar, in the Reign of Queen Anne, the Burden of the War in that Country falling chiefly upon the said Province, as it had donue in former Times, to the great Impoverishment, of the Inhabitants, more Bills of Credit were issued by the said Province; and that, during the late War, the said Province issued Bills to a very large Amount, and they answered altogether instead of Money, to effect the publick Services, which were performed by the said Province.; viz. to lave Nova Scotia from falling into the Enemy^s Hands; to prosecute an Expedition against Cape Breton, whereby it was taken, the French Fishery broken up, and the English Fishery preserved; and without issuing whereof, the said Services could not have been performed; and that the Credit of a People, in Cafes of fuel den Emergencies, is often the only means of their Preservation; and the said Province, as the Petitioner apprehends, has a natural and lawful Right to make.use of its Credit, for its Defence and Preservation; notwithstanding which, by the said Bill, now depending in the House, the Credit of the said Pro- vince

24 GEO. iL *$fe~3C f

yiQce will-bp ,wholly pwt.under the Power of tte^Klhg*$ Instruction.; without which, in Cafes of the greatest Eatr tremity, the Governor and Affemlply of the said Province will not be able to contract a Debt for its Preserv.ation^ and give a Bill of Credit for the; same to the Creditor; and diat the I ^propriety of such.aitegulatian,with respect to the said Province, appears from.-.this, that in case the same had passed into a Law before the late War, the said Province would have been thereby prevented from i(tying the Bills of Credit, which they so necessarUy and tifefully issued for Maintenance of the War, and carrying the (arue into the Enemy’s Country; and that the Petitioner, for these# and other Reasons, apprehends 4ie. said Bill# so.far as the same relatesfp the said Province of tht MaJfacfcuJets Bay., is contrary to, and inconsistent vrith, the Charter, Rights, ajpd Liberties, of the said Province, and the Safety and Well-being of jthe Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying the House, That he may be at Liberty to be heard by himfi/f, or by Counsel, on behalf of the said Province of MassachuJets Bay, against such Parts of the said BUI as affect the said Province; or that the House will give such other Relief in the Premises, as they shall think just.

Ordered, That the/aid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w hrn the said Bill is committed; and chat the Petitioner be heard by himself, or his Cauofd,# before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Resolved, That this /Joufe will, upon Frida^Aorning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-piorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar-tis, 30° Aprtiis j Anno 24° Georgii lldl Regis, 1751. Prayers.

Homer’s QIR Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, *% O to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Aftto impower the Guardian or Guardians of Thomas Horner Esquire, an Infant, for the Time being, to make Leases, and Copyhold Grants,of his Estates, in the Copnty of Soyierjet, during his Minority, according to the Usage and Custom of the Country, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That, the Committee had I examined the Allegations of the Bill, aind found the fame

tohe-tqje; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the ‘ Bill, to the Sacisfaction of the Committee, (except Mr. Samel Horner, who is the pc;xt in Remainder, and will, upon the Death of the fold Thomas Homer, the Infant, be Tenant for Life, who had been apprized of the Contents of the said Bill, for a considerable Time; but that no Person had appeared before the Committee,

" tp oppose the fame); and that the Committee had directed

him so report thq Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Dmjfljyin- Mr Whichcot repotted from the Committee, to whom dofuri, &c. the Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Manor and Parish of Dunjby, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the fame, more effectual, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, wascommitted; and to whom also the Petition of Thomas Lawrence, of Croyland> in the County of Lincoln, Yeoman, was referred; That the Committee had.considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report ,to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vol. 26.

theBiU, with the Amendments, in at -the Clerk*s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quession fcvef^llypput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Tfyat the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr^Alftont presented to the Heufej according to Order, Office of a Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner: Coroner*

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

... ... 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Surrey Writ; Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elcfting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this prefenc Parliament for the County of Surrey, in the room of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Baltimore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased. /

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Countess of to endbl<r-jfo&» Primroje Esquire, commonly called Lord Kofeberry'g Dahnenie, to secure a Jointure to Mary Countess of Rose- Jointurc* berry, his Mother, and make Provisions for his Brother and Sifter, out of the entailed Estate late of Sir Archibald Primrcfe Knight, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Oswaldy Mr. Prowse, Mr. Scot, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. David Scot,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Abercrombie,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Rynafton, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Mitchell,

Lord Strange, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Hay, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Cust, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Morton, Mr. Erskine, Sir Henry Munro, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Smith, Mr. Powney, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Torke, Mr. Butler, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Harvey, Lord Downe, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Clayton, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Pitt, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Gray, Sir William Irby,

Mr. Boone, Mr. Dunccmbe, Sir John Turner, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Hane y and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for levying a Duty of Two Penny Scots, or a Greenock Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Town and!

Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought Harbour, into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Greenock, and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Finnart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Aber± cramble. Captain Campbell, Colonel Campbell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Panmure, Mr. Stewart, Sir Henry Erskine, Sir Lud. Grant, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Dun. Campbell, Mr. Compton, Mr. Ker, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Scott, Mr. Mellish, Captain Mackay, Mr

Whichcot, Sir John Cust, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilkinson,

Admiral Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Lord John Murray,

Mr. Newnham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Barbor, Mr, Gray, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cooker Lord Strange, Mr. Morton, Mr. Herbert, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Martin, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Torke,

Sir Peter Thompson, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Boone, Mr. Willes, Mr. Sollicitor-Generai,

Lord , Downe, Mr., Oswald, Mr. Sandyi, Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

McLeod, Lord Geo. Sackville, Colonel Leighton, Mr. West,

Lord Egmont, Mr. Willey; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this After- noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition

io8 - 30° Apr 1751.

Sorrey A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Roads, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, dwelling in the Town iaricl Parish oi Lewifham, in the County of Ken*/was presented to the House, and readj setting forth. That the greatest Part of the Highways or Roads leading from a Place called Ho w's Miliy or the First Mill Pond at Southend, in the said Parish of Lewifham, to the Extent of the same Parish, next Bromley, in the said County, and in the Port: Road from London to Tunbridge Welhy and from the said Mill Pond at Southend, to the Extent of the Parish of Lewifham aforesaid, towardsBeckenham, in the said County (the said Roads being each of them in Length Half a Mile, or thereabouts) by reason of the many heavy Loads of Timber, and Carriages laden with other Goods, Stage Coaches, Passengers, and Droves of Cattle, which daily pass over the said Roads, and particularly by reason of the’ excessive Loads of Timber which frequently pals out of Sussex and Surrey, (through Beckenham aforesaid) over the lait-mentioned Road, to his Majesty’s Dock-yard at Deptford, and to Wharfs there, and at Greenwich, in the said County, and of the excessive Carriages oY Meal and Corn, which pass from Croydon, in the County of Surrey, over the same Road, to his Majesty’s Mill at Rotherhith, and to London, are become so very ruinous and founderous, that the said Roads are almost impaflfable for the Space of Five Months in the Year, and very dangerous to all Persons^ Horses, and Cattle, passing over the fame; and that the ordinary Course, appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, is not sufficient for the effectual repairing and amending the said ruinous and founderous Roads j nor are the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Lewifham of Ability to repair the fame, except some other Provision be ’made for raising Money towards putting the same in good and sufficient Repair: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be added to the Bill, which is ordered to be brought into the House (for widening the Road from the Stones End at Lambeth, to Newington, and for making a new Road across some Grounds into the Kentish Road, near the Lock Hospital, and for making other new Roads therein mentioned) for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from How's Mill, or the birjl Mill Pond at Southend, in the said Parish of Lewifham, to the Extent of the said Parish of Lewifham, next Bromley aforesaid, and from the said Mill Pond to the Extent of the said Parish of Lew-isham, towards Beckenham, as aforesaid, for so long Time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ,

And it is referred to Lord George Sackville, Mr. West, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gybbou, Colonel Aber-cvcmbic, Mr. Turner, Lord Downe, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Torke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ingram, Sir Kenrick Clayton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Salisbury, Sir Peter Thompson, Mf. Plumptre, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Braffey, Sir George Oxcnden, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Chetivynd, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Butler, Mr. Prowse,* Sir John Cust, Mr. Ridley, Lord Egmont, Mr. Gray, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hill, Mr. Harris, Mr. Morton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Mit-ehell, Mr Compton, Mr. Boone, Mr. Nifbett, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. West, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Powney, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Shutlleworth, Mr. Tracy, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Robert Grosvenor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Sussex, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sclbv &c An tagroflkd Bill for explaining and amending so much Roads.' of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches^ one through Bradforda^iHorton,

and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor, through Kid Hall Lane, over Winmoor, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Halton Dyall, where it comes into the abovesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds*, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 34. After cc Wentworth ft to insertCharles w Ingram ft

Pr. 6. L. 8. After " being," to inserttc Sir John Ingle-u by, Sir Henry Slingsby, Sir George Cooke, Baronets, Sir <c John Seville, Knight of the Bath-, Dr. Wintringham, Dr. u Somner; Thomas Lifter, Thomas Place, Edmund Barker,

Cff Peter Johnson junior, Charles Slingsby, Harrifcn Pilkixgton, John Pilkington, John Roebuck, Esquires; Edmmd " Gar forth, James Scott, Henry Wickham, Heneage Deering,

€t Nicholas Girling, Marmaduke BuJk, Josiah Hay, Richard tC Mofely, Clerks 5 Emmerfon, Joseph Taster,

" Timothy Smith, Gentlemen."

Pr. 13. *L. 38. After " the," to insertcc Nett "

Pr. 24. L. 9. After w apply/* to insert " such Part of."

L: 11. After a and, " to insert(€ of."

L. 13. Before " so," to insert <c as was." '

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questioti severallyTut thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act, for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford, arid Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor, through Kid Hall Lane, over Winmoor, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Halton Dyall, where it comes into the abovesaid Road between Selby and Leeds.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accoun count of the Nfct Money paid into the Exchequer, for the Duties Daties on Tobacco for Ten Years last past, distinguishing Tobaca each Year what has been received upon Bonds.

Ordered, That there be laid before this. House, an Account of the Quantity of Pounds, and Number of Hogs-heads, of Tobacco, imported and exported for Ten Years last past, into that Part of Great Britain called England, distinguishing each Year, and each Port as also the neat Amount of what Duty has been paid, and what secured to be paid, with the Drawbacks thereupon, in each Port’ within the said Space of Ten Years, ending Michaelmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Tobacco, T obacco Stalks, and Snuffs, sent Coast-wife within the same Space of Time, and to and from what Ports.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Papers and Accounts that have been transmitted from the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, fiftce the 25th Day of June last, relating to the Duties upon Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley have Leave to go into the Leal Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call being read 5 n

Ordered,

£4 Geo. It;

3°

s — i° Mail

OrderedT hat the Call of thelTause be further adjourned till thi$ Day Fortnight.

Thames Sir Wiliam Calvert presented to the House, according *1,. . to Orders a Bi 1 ior the better rPrelerv*tion and Improve-jnenr of the Fishery. within the River Thames, and Water* of Medway.:

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert have Leave tppiakc a Motion, it being after 1 hrer of the Clock:

And he moveo the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

JtefUred. That the bill be read a Second tirpfc. :f Orde-itd. That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon kthis Day Sevcnnight.

Nugent, Mr.' Torke\ Sir William Calvert; Gybbon\ Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Townfoend, Mr. Med*

calfti Sir Robert de Cornwall, Air.r Belchicr, figment±

Ai r..$andys, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. Amy and Air. Romney, Mr. Lamb/;on, Mr. Cocks, , S?if Edmund IJhm, Mri Fttderifkj Mr. Bond, Mr. Wation, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Broohjbank Lord Barrington, Mr. Pitt, General Oglethorpe, M-i\ Gildarh Mr. Turner, Lord Hiljb enough, Mr. McKenzie# and all thp Members who. serve for North Britfin: -And-they* are to mpet this Afternoon at Five of, Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber. . jlf - . ..

And then the Hojufe adjourned.^ilLTQ-naorrow Morning, Nine of jche Clock; s. .

Bolftrode’s

iiate.

Moyle’s

Maxwell’i

&fete.

Ordered, That Mr. Pytts have Leave to make a Mo-, lion:

And he moved the House accordingly: ....

And an ingrossfed Bill from the Lo-ds, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of the Estate lacp of George Gardner Esquire, deceased, and for settling, and disposing of the Lands belonging to Edward Buljlrcde Liquire^upup the said Partition, for discharging -Incumbrances, and for a Provision for him felt, and his Wife and Children, purr-fuanc to his Marriage Settlement, was read a Setond time.

Rcjdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pytti, Air Compton, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Robinson, Mr. jpiwney, Mr. Montague, Mr. Affieck, Mr. Gbefter,~ Mr. Ryuafion. Mr. Cocks, Mr. Robinson. Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Eliot, Sir Peter il arren, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Richard Wrottcfiey, Mr. bouthwell, Ivlr Hunter, Mr. Holiyn, Colonel Haldane, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. QJwald, 'tyir. Charltonf Mr. Hardihgt?, Mr. Lowndes,. Mr. Gray, Sir r,ohn Cujl, Mr. Barbor, Lord Strange, Mr. Pitt, Mr. lazakfdey, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Boone, Mr. Proyufe,. Mr. Xorke, ord Gage, Mr. Gore, Mr Hale, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr Haw. Browne, Mr. Gee. Toxvnjbend, Lord Londonderry, Mr, H y, Mr, Larot.be, Mr. Hbrabam Hume, Mr. fi^er, L r. Qsliowes, Mr. Grove, Al.r:. Craven, Sir Charles Rio/daunty Sir (Ibar’es \em lynte, Mr. Winning! of,. Mr. Charles Townfoend,rj)r\f. Selwyq ^ir.z$&gfin y ,304^1 the Memherb who frrve for the Counties of IVcrcester, #erefto4-> miGloucsfter * And they areno npeerthia Alter-BOpn at Five of CJpck, in the S^pal^er’s.Ciat^ber.:

Ordered, That Sir Cordel Firebrace have Leave to make ft Motion: . '

And he moved the House accordingly: - /

And an ingossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, Acn Act for veiling a Messuage and Lands in SuffalkfP-.M'of the settled LfLfe of Thomas Mvy'tt r Esquire, inrTrustees, ,in Trust, to fell the fajtte, pursuant to an Agreetacht for that Purpose,^ndJQr:api)lying

Sale, towards the Purchase of another Estate, of greater Value, to be settled to the HkeTJfe^ ivas: rdtd-the Eirft lipiCi .: *♦ <

v.; Rejelved) That the BilLbe read a Second time, -

Ordered, That Mr. John Stewart have Leave to make Motion: ,

And he moved the House accordingly And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act<0 enabkSir William Maxwell of Mcnreith, Baroner,

or other Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to fell Lands rin the County of Wigtown, for Payment of DAts, and . other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second

time.

RefHved, That , the Bill be committed to Mr. John Stewart, Sir Thomas Egerlon, Mr. Qfwaid, Sir Hugh Dal-. rymple, Captain Mackey, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lyster, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Uahburton, Mr. Prowse, Colonel Aber-cromlie, Mr. Flumptre. Mr. Kery Mr. Behfon, Mr. Scott,

Mr. Mackie, Mr. Sydenham,' Mr. Mitchell, Mri Colleton, - ALr. Hope fVeir, Mr. Compton, Mr. Robinson, Sir Peter Thompjfre, Mr* Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Cooke, ME Campbell Lard &/UMgtf, Mr; Harding Mr. r‘ Vol. 26.

Menurii, IQ die Mali ;: 1 '

.^Ltmo 04° peorgii lld^ Regis, 17.5f pR AYEKSi ! r ' , I *-:; -ri

AN ii>grofled Bill from the Lords* mtiouled; An AiS for naturalising Courtt Stephanas Laurentius Neuli, /fras read a Second time. .. ? ,

ResolvedyThzt the Bill be commicDed to ML Robert Henley, Mr. Mi/cAtilt Mr^ Medlicottp Lord. Parker, ML Henley, Mr. Fare, Mv Which cot, - Mr.; Colleton, ML Sydenham, Mr..Neale, Ain Gwynn,\ Air., Herbert, Mr: Butter., Mr. Fellow ess Mr Plumptre, M r. Re fcnfon , M r. Mo; tot, Sir Peter. Thompson; Mr. -Martin, AIL Southwell, ML Gybboh, Sir John Cust, Me. Cartyiiebtiel, Sir Francis Pcd/k, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Kynaston).Mr Prowse, Mr. Lifter, iMf. Fazakerty-, Mr., Yorke, Mr.. Bridgman,. Mri Bankes, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. MelHJh, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Peter Warren, Lord Dupplin, Mr. WinniHgton, MrSrelawney, Mr. Montague< Mr. HarHinge, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr Mundon, Lord Egmont, Sir Thomas Eger ton, Sir Wm* Beauchamp Proftori Mr. Richards, Mr. Barbor, Mr/ Myddleton: And they are to-meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber

The House being informed^ That Mr. Oxenftri, from the Commissioners of the Custorhsyatcended.at the Doorr he was called in r, anH^tt the Barjv ptefented to the Housei pursuant^Order,* an-A.tDO«ritrof the Duties , paid on unvmiughc Incle, and shortSpinal,riwi-' ported for Ter> Years, Ending at* Christmas 1750, distiri-rguirbinge-ach Year.; *.rl: ."j -

And then he withdrtw.; -Andrthe.TitleoLthe £tid Account was read.

Ordered, That the Lid Account be referred to the Gofij-of dfc’WjhptelHdufc*to whomit’is referred to ion-fider. of the:{Report stora the^ Committee, to whom' the Petition of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory* in the Town and Parish of Manchejcr, in', the County of Lancaster, and the Parcs adjacents whose Names; ars thereunto subscribed, in beAalfofthemselves, and ocher . the JVIanufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parrs . adjacent; and also the several other Petitions relating to the Britisfh Manufactures of striped and chequered Linen, and.of Linen mixed with Cotton 5 and also the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linens made in Ireland, whose Names are thericunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufacture, were referred.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

- (': 14.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Trader, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, in and Rboilt Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That of late Year* very great Sums of Money, raised as well by the ordinary Course of the Laws made for repairing the Highways in general, as:by;r.he extraordinary Powers granted in Parliament for repairing of sundry Highways in particular, 3 H

Neale*

N*;

Account 8t Duties paia on unwrought Incle,

Laws respect ing Highways.

2.10

i° Mali. i;

have been laid out and expended, and great Care and Diligence employed, in repairing the Highways in general, within the said Riding; but that, nevertheless, the same are become very ruinous and dangerous to Traveilers, occasioned by the many heavy Carriages passing upon the fame; and that, although great Care hath been taken, to fee the Laws now in being, for ascertaining the Weights of Carriages, and for preventing any Carriages weighing, together with their respective Loadings, above Sixty hundred Weight, from travelling on the Roads of this Kingdom, duly put in Execution j yet, notwithstanding all such good Endeavours therein, many Waggoners, Carriers. and others, having found out various Methods of evading the said Laws, do daily travel upon the said Roads with Waggons, Carts, and ocher Carriages, weighing, to gether with their respective Loadings, above Eighty hundred Weight, which the Number of Horses, by the Laws now in being, allowed to be employed in the Drawing of loaded Carriages, enables them to do; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that, unless some farther R^straint be laid on the Owners of Waggons, and other L Carriages travelling upon the Roads of this Kingdom,more

effectually to prevent their carrying such excessive Weights "as they now do, it will be impossible to keep the said Roads in Repair: And therefore praying, Thac the House would take the Premises into their Confideracion, and grant such Relief therein, either by reducing the Number of Horses to -be employed in the Drawing of any loaded Carriage, that shall hereafter travel upon the publick Roads of this Kingdom; or by such other Methods, as to/the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition db He upon the Table.

Ludlow Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the

Road, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in' the County of Salop, through’ Woferton, Little Hereford, to a Place call d Monks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead, at Oriel oh, in the County of Hereford, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report: And the Residue of the Amendments made by:the Committee to the said BiJl, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, anti the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House, ' ~ . Lv\,v.\*:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the RrH. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ....

Preventing Mr, Allgood reported from the Committee, to whom Robbery of the Bill for better securing the Property of the Owners of lncs’ Mines fiom Theft and Robbery was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to^eport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said ‘Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Sctfeh Linen A Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act,

, . tures paised in the< 1.3th Tear of his iate Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and TIempen Manufactures, in that Part of Great Britain ,called and for further regulating the said Ma-

nufactures, was read a Second time. 1:

ReJohed,\llbiK. the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a 'Committee of the whole House> 1 u 'j 1 j ug 1:;

Resolved, That this House will, uf>on this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housei upon the said Bill.

Mr. Codke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bethnal: Bill for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, 9fCCn and other Passages, and regulating the nightly Watch and Mrccts* Bedels* and also for the better repairing and widening the Highways and Passages in the Parish of Saint Matbeib Bethnal Green, in the County of Middle'fix, was committed;

Thac the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevbral Amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout *, and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing the H;gh Road leading DlrHnet0 from Darlington, in the County of Durham, through Cock- Roads. erton, to Swan House, thence up Broom Dikes Lane, and through the-East End of West Auckland, and from thence to Saint Helens Auckland, and from thence to Greenfield, in the said County of Durham, and through the West End of 4Veft Auckland, over the River Gaundlejs, to David Jack-Jon's House on Ray ley Fell, in the said County of Durham^ and also the Hi^h Road leading from Pierce Bridge, in the County of Durham, ro Leggs Cross, at the Head of Bit-derfhdw, in -the said County; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thac the Title be.

An Act for repairing the High Roads leading from Darlington, in the county of -Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John Saint Aubin have Leave to go Leavrof into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. cafions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Further of the Supply-granted to "his MajestjS be ioow read:; > i"t\

And. the said Order being read accordingly; "?'

i' > Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning :iiext; refoIve itself into the said Committed

Ordered,-That the Order of the Day,-for the House Ways ani to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housej -to Means, considerfurther of Ways and Means for'raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly*;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to; Duties on resolve itself into a’Committee of the whole House, to con- Linen *arQ* fider of the Report from the Committee, to whom die Petition of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Liuen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Manchester, lir-the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the t Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parishjimd in the Parts adjacent; and also the several other Petitions relating to the British Manufacture of striped and che-. quered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also sht Pyitioaof the Merchants and Dealers in Linens made

- a , y in'

j

BiB for altering the Style.

pTffemtion’ cf Game in Scotland.

Privilege.

Accounts re> lpefting Du« tie* on To* bacco.

24 Geo. II*

I. — 2b

Mali.

Hi

in Irelandhofe Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of chemlclvcs, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactory $ were referred i be ndw read:

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Subject-Matter of the said Report, and not already referred to the said Committee, be referred to the said Committee*

Then the House rdolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brookjbank took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brookjbank reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refoliuions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in XJfe. . \

And then the House adjourned till Tq-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. \ .

Jovts, 2° dieMaii;

': Anno 240 Georgii II21 Regis, 1751*

Prayers.

A BILL for the better Preservatiom of the Game, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotlandwas read a Second time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carmichael, Colonel Haldane* Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Gray, Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Willey, Lord Advocate of Scotland\ Mr. Winnington, Mr. Campbell, Mr. bellowes, Mr. Torke, Captain Campbell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. HunterY Mr* Gore, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Middleton, Mr. Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Scotty Mr. Mackay, Mr. Bankes, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mitchell, M r. Compton, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Barrington, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr* Townshend, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Barrington, Mr. Medlitot, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Peachey, and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Je/epb Vernon, a menial Servant of Thomas Medlicott Esquire (a Member of this House) was upon Tuesday\aft, summonyd by E. Crowther, one of the Bailiffs of the County Court of Middlesex, to appear in the said Court this Day, to answer to Richard Befl, in a Plea of Trespass on the Cafe.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint 5 and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House*

The House being'informed. That Mf. Rowe, from the 1 Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, ‘ presented to the House, pursuanc to their Order, 1

N° 1. An Account of the Frauds in the Importation Exportation, and Re-landirtg, of Tobacco, or carrying \6l.z6. 1

the same Coastwise, or by Ldnd, on which Prosecutions haVe been commenced since Christmas ant^ the

Time when, and at what Ports or Places the Frauds were committed ih London and Western Ports.

2. An Account of the Frauds ill the Importation, Exportation, and Re-landing of Tobacco, or carrying the same Coastwise, or by Land, on which Prosecutions have been commenced since Michaelmas 1732, and the Times when, and at what Ports or Places the Frauds were committed in the Northern Ports.

3. An Account of the several Quantities of Tobacco seized and prosecuted in the Exchequer, and before the Justices of* the Peace, from Christmas 1732, to Michaelmas 1750, distinguishing each Year, and at what Ports.

4. An Account of particular Instances of Frauds, which have come to the Knowledge of the Commissioners of the Customs, relating to Tobacco, in London, and the Out-Ports, since Christmas 1732.

5. An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Tobacco, from Christntas 1732, to Christmas

1749, distinguishing each Year.

6. A Narrative of Frauds relating to Tobacco, committed in Scotland, from Christmas 1732* to Michaelmas

1750,

7. Ah Account of the Gtolsahd Net Produce of the Duties on Tobacco, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1732, to Michaelmas 1750, dif-trnguishing each Year.; 11

8. An Account of all Seizures of Tobacco, made in Scotland, from Christmas 1732, to Michaelmas 1750*

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

Healfd, Yrom the Commissioners of the Customs a?rid Accounts of Excise in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuanc to Rum im-their Order, ' '

An Account of Vlf Rums imported into that Parti of Great Britain Called Scotland, from any of his Majesty’s Nonhern^Colonies in America, from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year and Colony:

And also, v

An Account of all Seizures, and how the same haVe been applied, from Christmas 1745, to Chr'tJlmaS 1750, distinguishing each Year, made by the Officers of the Customs, in chat Part of Great Br itain called Scotland: ' \i

And also, J 1 . ‘ n

An Account of the Number of Vessels and Boats that have been seized by the Officers of the Customs, and; con- 0

- demned for importing Brandy, Arrack, Rum* and ocher foreign Spirituous Liquors, and which have been, b^t, or employed in the Service, from Christmas 1745* to Christmas 175Q,^tSftiriguiffiing-each^ of Great Britain called Scotland. ... t\\

And then he. withdrew, ,; . r> _ ,

1: And the said Schedule, and alftxthCiTitlesof cherf&id ' Accounts, from the Commissioners aXthe Customs And Excise in Scotland, werejxad. > -

w . , Ordered, That the said Papers da lie uppn the TftWe, to be perused by the Members of House. ] ni The said Papers are, preftryed,amongst the-Ofther Papers of this Session.’ . , ,-K

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, <br Bankrupts the better Relief of the Creditors of such Merchants As Creditors In shall become Bankrupts in that Part of Great Britain called Sc°dand. Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Colonel Haldane, do prepare, and bring in the fame. '

The Lord Georgey.Sacboille reported from the Com- Surrey mittee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Roa<lf* Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, dwelling in the Town and Parish of Lewisham, in the Coupty of Kent, was referred s That the Committee had examined ~ the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where thc£une was read; and is su followeth; viz.

;T

2 11

f Man.

A

7-51

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition*

_ _ Mr. Edward Parker and Mr. Ralph Dixon were called in; and, hems' ieverally examined, iaid. That the greatest . JP&rt of the Highways or Roads from the first Mill Pond at South$nd> to the Extent of the Parish of Lrwisham next Brom'ey. in the faij. County. of AW, and from the , Mill Pond to the Extent of the Paid Parish towards ^.Bedunhqm (£ach Road being in Length Half a'Mile, or thereabouts') are, by reason of the exetffive Loads of

f.Timber and Meal, and many other heavy Carriages, tarjons of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Cent-whjch daily pass through the said Roads, particularly by ttedicul, the Majj'achifets Bay, and Hew. [lampfare, in -» i v , \t.\ i and to prevent the same being legal lenders in

Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Far things tone, in the Couory o(Northampton* ....

Ordered, That Mr. Winning*on do carry foe Bill to the Lords, and desire their, Concurrence;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon . Monday la ft; for Colonial Bills the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Credit. House Tomorrow, upon the Bill to regulate and rest fa in Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty’s Colonies, or Plan-

vfoe excelTive Loads of Timber which frequently pass through Befkenhapj, over the hft-mentionyd Road* to ’his Majesty’s Dock Yard at Deptford, and to Wharfs . there, and at Greenwich, become lo ruinous and foun-_ derous, phaf the same are almpft impaffable for Five Months in the Year; and that there are Quipkfands in . rnany.PJ^es; of the said Roads, which, and other Parcs; of cjttfjpid: Roads, are in the Winter Season so bad that Pa&mgers have frequently been in great Danger of th<;ir

Liyev -

l>;TheWitnf (IVs being further Fverailyexam|ned,fey£rajjy said, That the Statute-work, by Law appointed to {!>e ..done ypon the fai$ Roads, js not sufficient to repair the t fameand the said Parish is. qot jn Ability ,co repair, the }saidRoadf^-chplame being so narrow and ruinous, unlc/s some F/ovision be made for raisipg of Money towards the said Roads in good and sufficient Repair* Ordered, That it be an Instruftian cq the Gentlemen who are appointed tb prepare, and bring in, a Bill, Tor

Payments of Money; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-nigh e, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the fai& Bill

Ordered, That Mr. Chauncey cTownJhend have Leave:to Leave of go into thfc Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Ab‘enCc* Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be'givdh to bring in a Bill for Rob^erieioa she more effectual Preventing of Robberies and Thefts. upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge,

Wharfs and Keys adjacent: And that Sir William Calvert,

Mi*. Bedford) Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Alderman Bet hell, and Mr. Gray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

I eave of Absence.

Ditto.

rqajcing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, Jrnthe several P^rishes of Lambeth, Ne wjpgton, St, George s Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, TTharthry-domiakc Piwifion in the said Bill for the rearing; amending, and widening, the Roads from How's 'FI, or the "first;Mili Jfond at Southend, in the Parish of Lewisham, in the Qopnty of font, to the Extent of -the said Parish next Bromley> and from the said Mi|J Pond i-J»:thft.Exrenr of foe said Parish of Lewisham cowards enbem,in the said County of font.

\ Or(kredv[Th$t Sir Thomqs Egertqn have Leave to go into the Country, on account of the Indilpoficjon of

rhis Son: -: . .[....

* OrderedpTkat Mr. Francis- Herbert have Leave to..go

rj?ri#> the Ctofotryfor a Month,; upon extraordinary Oc-

Stations:

An ingossed Bill, to enable the present and future 9oI<J-rt Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Mowtes in Golden Stlua,v Square, in the Parish of St. James Westminster, in the *)I0Veaknt# County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on thern-feives, for raising Money sufficient for the better inclosing, paving, enlightening, and adorning, the said Square, and supporting and keeping the same in Repair for the future, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and:;:; Inhabitants of the Houses \n Golden Square, in the Parcffi of St. James West min tier, in the County of Middle/*, to * make and levy a Rate on themselves, for ‘raffing Money sufficient for the betrer-Incfofing, Paving, Enlightening, and Adorning, of the said Square, and ‘supporting afcd keeping of the same in Repair for the -future;

' Ordtred, That the Lord Lux borough do' carry the' Bill to the Lords; arid define their CondurrenOti- ’

Butt Lane, See. Road.

fyrbumnrepwf^ from the Corom|ctee,tOjWhom TJlc order of the Day-bein£. r?ad.

flBf0 r rging thf/.e rm--and.P9wmgramcdfay.an 1'hat this -House wii1,«po(i flfeOr toportauc

pa|rrd ,n ,h€.Pdl,r<!'. Y*arJ>f *l4-Prc- -’mo next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole . ,of, fenpr:!Majesty^s*‘ for: repairing^he Roadsf;leading , iVL.r* «nA arobr, CKS*

the most: Southern Parc o(‘Butt Lane, \n the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Qbefter, to Lawtkn, {^tict'U/Heitshall%s Smithy: upon CroMage Green, in the said*County,?and for making the said Act. more " ^RduAI,-wascoa/ftaitted; That uhe Commitcee^iliad examined the Allegations of the Bill, anct found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the . feill, and made fcVeral Amendments thereunto; which they . -bad dlreded him to report to the House; and he read the -Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the B81,

‘ *with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tables Where the A^ft^ridmentt were-once re^d: throughout, and therva

"Kieftion fove-

farthing-

stone

fnoLosure.

' gaffed.: - 1

I*' .’: v'.. 1 v t

J.e-'AabigroJ^iBiH for iocfofing and dividing the Cotp~ r.fflrioftjgicids, Cojnimon-Paftvres, Common Meadows, Wate-SrQupd^iilia'.ihe Manor and P*rrfh of Fqr/hing-the: CWOiy vLNfirtbmP^ was read the‘Third e&mmjThl :<-v; r: ' * >i

Resolved, That the BiJido paftV'Apd thatthe, Tit fa bp, jiJBln ASt for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste

House, CO cOiifider of the Petirion^Merchants and Dealers in Linen; of the Cities of London, and Westmhfter, and'Borough’of ^Southwark/ whole Names ate thereunto substribed.: ' i - *

OrderedThat the several Persons, who Avereorderied to attend th^said Committee this. Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next. ;,f

Artd then the House adjourned tiH Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

Ventris, 30

Anno 34* Georgii ildl Regis, 1751.

PR

AYERS.

MR. Hendef^of'Bath reported from the Commirtee, Neale’s N; to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inri-, tuled. An Act for-naturalizing Count Stepbanus Lauren- ‘ tius Neale, was committed^ That the Committee' had exanwed ithe Allegations of the Bill, and, found foe fafoe tobp.frup; and that the Committee had directed h* to report the Bill ro the House, without any Amen ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cle'rkV^able.

T

Ordered\

24 Geo. IL 3

Accounts of Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

Kumim- before this House, the Amount of the several Duties of p0Ile ' Excise paid on Hum imported into this Kingdom for Seven Years last part, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, the Amount of the several Duties of Customs paid on Rum imported into this Kingdom for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

Carlisle A Bill for laying out, making, and keeping in Repiair,

Road. a Roat] proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was re$d a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rtfohed, That this House will, upon this Day Seten-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Preventing Qrdtredy That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Robbery of ac^oor^d Consideration of the Report from the Com-Mma mittee, to whom the Bill for better securing the Property of the Owners of Mines from Theft and Robbery, be now read:

And the Taid Order was read accordingly:

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill, Ordei'edy That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said BH1 be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Sir John AJlley, Mr. Lyfler> Sir Walter Blackety Sir Thomas MoJlyny Sir Walt. Wag. Bagot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Barbor, Sir Robert GroJvenory Mr. Han-r bury, Mr cHoblyn, Mr Gray, Mr. Henley y Mr. Taylor,

be added to the said Committee.

s'

4 Avon A Petition of Herbert Lord Viscount Windsor in the Navigation. Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron Mountjcy in the Isle of M ight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner and his Ancestors have been, for many Years past, the foie Owners and Proprietors of > the Navigation of the River Avon, from the Town of

Tewkesbury to the Town of Evefhant (which is the principal Part of the said Navigation, and was first made navigable) knd by themselves, or Tenants, received the whole accustomed Tonnage, and other Duties, for all Goods } and Commodities carried in Vessels upon the said River

between Tewkesbury and Evefham\ and that the Petitioner and his Ancestors, have been the Owners and Proprietors of Seven Fifteenth Parts of the upper Part of the said Navigation; viz. from the said Town of Evesham to the Town of Stratford upon Avony and have accordingly, by themselves or Tenants, received Seven Parts in Fifteen of the accustomed Tonnage, and other Duties, of all Goods and Merchandizes carried in Vessels navigating on the upper Part of the said River: And alleging, That the Petitioner apprehends, that his Property may be affected by the Bill now depending in the House for better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon,running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester\ and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-Carriage upon the said River: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, that the Petitioner may be heard before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is referred, or that he may be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

; Ordered) That Mr. Wright, Sir Robert Long) Mr.

Mackworth, Mr. Master, Mr. Fazaker/ey, Sir John Moles -worth) Mr. Ordy Sir Charles Mordaunt) Sir fames Dash-wood) Mr. Pitt) Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Popham, Mr. Grove, Mr. Powney, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pyer Mr. Edwin, Mr. PyttS) Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gray} Sir Charles Sedley, Sir Robert Grosvenor% Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Lord Hillsborough, Admiral Vernon Mr. iblyn, Vol. 26.

Sir Peter Warren> Mr. Knightlef) Mr. Wigley, Mr. Legh\

Mr. Wilbrabamy Mr. Lyflery Mr. Wodeboufey be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all who comle to the said Committee have Voices.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom, the Besford Bill for impowering Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, Inclosure. toinclofe Besford Common, in the County of Worcester; and for setting out and appointing proper Roads over the same and for charging the said Common with a per-

Ktual yearly Rent, in lieu of certain Rights and Privi-ges claimed by James Cocks Esquire, as Lord Paramount of the Manor of Besford; was commirted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiort severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Ludtow the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woferton and Little Hereford, to a. Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called the Maidenheadat Orleton, in the County of Hereford; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. L. 24. After <c compellable* to insert " td <c pay the said Tolls or Duties more* than once."

Pr. 27. L. 29. After il Justices" to insert " of the <c Peace."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questiort severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow) in the County of Salopy through Woferton 2nd Little Hereford, to a Place Called Monks Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place- or House called the Matdenheadj at Orleton, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne do carry \he Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifllie his Warrant td saltaftiWrit, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Corbett Esquire, deceased;

The Lord Coke presented to the House, according td Aleonbury Order, a Bill for enlarging of the Terms anu Powers, and Hill, &c. making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for re- . Roids-pairing and amending the Highways leading from Royfton . in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon) and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls, taken at Saltree and Wandsford Toll-Gates, may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stiltony in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton ;* And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

2 I Mr.

t«a^srcfrefting Highway sfc

214 3

Mr. Tracy repotted from the Commute, who were appointed to revise and confide* of the general Laws in being, which relate to the amending, and keeping in Repair, of the Highways of that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment,. of the said Laws j and to Whom it was referred to tonfider of the Petition of the Justicds of the Peace for the West Riding of Yorkshire* assembled at their General Quarter-Scfltons of the Peace, held for the said Riding at Ponte/raft the 19th Day of April 17515 That the Committee had considered the several Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read'in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of the Peace for the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, be impowered to appoint,

A.t 751.

tion so to do; and thereupon, and Proof of such Notice, given, the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, at the same Quarter-Sessions, shall proceed summarily to inquire into, hear, and determine, the Matter and cause of such Preferment, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as may best conduce to the doing of speedy Justice, and repairing the said Highways.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Time limited by an Act of Parliament, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preserving the publick Roads* to the Space of Three Days, for convidfing Offenders against that and a former Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of the late King, be enlarged,

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this’Committee, and arias That the Surveyors of the Highways, in any Parish ad- — -fl joiping to any County Bridge, with the Consent of Orie or pure neighbouring Justice or Justices, in Writing* have Tower, upon any sudden Breach or Defect therein* or on any other Emergency, to lay out and expend a limited Sum, in the Stopping up or Amending of the fame; at their respective Quarter-Sessions, to be holden yearly* to be repaid the same by the Treasurer, out of the County for their respective Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, such Stock.

Committees as they shall think most proper, to inquire, by such Ways and Means as they shall judge meet, into the State and Condition of their Highways in the said Counties, Ridings, and Divisions; and to report how they find the fame, and their Opinion thereon, to the next succeeding Quarter-Sessions.

Resolvedy.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their,respective yearly Quarter-Sessions, be impowered to make such Rates, upon any the respective Parishes in their respective Counties or Divisions, the Highways of which shall be reported to be out of Repair, as to them shall seem meet; so as such Rates do not, for any one Parish, exce.ed a certain Sum in the Pound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their said re-(pe&ive Christmas Quarter-Sessions yearly, J>e impowered to levy the Rat&, assessed on the said respective Parishes, in and by such or the like Way and Manner as County Rates are leviable by a lateStatute, 12 Geo. II.'C. ap. made in that behalf, or in fuchlother Way as to them shall seem most conducive to the repairing the unrepaired Highways; and that they be also impowered to nominate and appoint such Officers, for the better surveying and amending the said Highways, receiving the Rates assessed, and paying the same to such as are employed on the said Highways, or for other such necessary Purpose relating thereto, as the said Justices, at their said Quarter-Sessions* shall direct.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Rejohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That reducing the Number of Hories, drawing Waggon9 upon the Turnpike Roads, would tend greatly to the Preservation of the said Roads.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it will tpnd greatly to the Preservation of the said

Roads, to compel the Trustees of the several Turnpike Roads, to ered Engines for weighing Carriages.

The First Refoiution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said

Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles of Agree- JJanfcy ment for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, inclosure.&c* Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Manor and Parifo of Dun/by, in the County of Lincoln; and for rendering the same more effectual; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Manor and Parish of Dun/by, in the County of Lincoln; and for rendering the same more effectual; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord- Trentbam reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of, and report to the

Westmlnftejp

Sueets*

That if, by any unforeseen Accident, or otherwise, it be House, proper Methods for the better Paving, Enlighten-

found, that the Roads of any Parish cannot be fully repaired by the Rate assessed, that then the same be amended by the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish -for the current Year; and that the Charges for so doing (the same being first afeerrained by such Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in or next such Parish) be allowed otot of the succeeding'Assessment, so as such Charges do not 'exceed a certain Sum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in case the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter-Sessions for their respective Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, shall think proper to make a Rate, for*he Amendment of any of the Highways in their respective Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, that the Qerk of the Peace shall forthwith cause Notice thereof to be^published.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in case a Rate is not thought proper to be.made by the Quarter-Sessions, as aforesaid, and that, in case any

ing, Watching, and Gleanfing, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminsfery and Precind of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining the retd; That the Committee had considered the Matter to theyn referred; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the1 same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon Examination of Mr. Thomas Paulin,

Warey Mr. Wilkinsy Mr. Franklyny Mr. Bullock, and Mr. Rujlaty Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St. Ja)net Westminster, the Committee find,

That the publick Streets, within the said City and Liberty, and Pre'cind of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, are very much neglected, ill-paved, cleansed, and enlightened; and that

the ill-paving is chiefly owing by the Inhabitants being Justice of the Peace, in his proper County, shall, upon his obliged to pave before their own Houses, without being own Knowledge and View, present the Inhabitants of any limited either in the Time, Materials, or Method of doing Parish, for not repairing their Highways, that the said it; and also by the respective Companies, who furnish. Justice shall cause reasonable Notice to be given to the Water to the Inhabitants, being permitted to take up the Surveyors of the Highways of such Parish* of his Inten- Pavements by their own Paviours, and not being interested

in

24 Geo. IL 3° Mail.

21S

in laying down the same in a proper and effectual Man- as do make it in Europe, there is no appearance of getting ner j and by the Number of heavy Carriages having their it cheaper; and that it being imported in large Quantities Wheels (hod with Iron* only from the East and Northern Countries, in case.either

That the Consideration of the whole, according to the of a Rupture, or that it fihould be engrossed,our Manufac-Order of the House, in regard to the better paving, cleans- turers would be distressed from the Want of a Supply, and ing enlightening, and watching, the said City and Liberty, 0e excessive Price of those Commodities, which are indif-and Precinct of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of penfably necessary for carrying on several of our most va-Lancajrer adjoining thereto, is at this Time too great for luable Manufactures; and that there is an iriexhauftibld them to be able to give a proper Judgment upon; but Quantity of Materials for making Pol Ash in his Majes-have, nevertheless, thought it absolutely necessary (that so ty’s Colonies in North America \ and that several Attempts great and salutary a Purpose should not be laid aside) to have been made, but to little Effect, there never having come to the following Resolutions: any large Quantities been made, and imported hither from

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thence; and the Inhabitants are as much at a Loss as ever. That an Experiment be made by new paving, enlighten- as the Petitioners apprehend, for want of some Person fuf-ing, cleansing, and keeping in Repair for the future, the ficiently (killed in the Art of making that Manufacture, Street called Pall Mall, with Purbeck Pavement of Seven and* able to put others in a Way df making thereof: And Inches deep, and flat at* Bottom, by Estimation §,309 therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises square Yards; and that Eighty Obelisks, with Lamps, be iritoTonfuferation; and that such Encouragement may efected for the better enlightening the said Street. 1 be given for effectually introducing and establishing th£ Rejolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, said Manufacture in the British Dominions, as to thd That the Inhabitants of Pall Mall be exempted from the House shall seem meet.

Charge of paving, enlightening, cleansing, and keeping in Ordered\ That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Repair, the said Street, before their respective Houses; sideration of a Committee; And that they do examine; and from the Penalties incurred by neglecting the fame. and (late to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in Rejolvedy That.it is the Opinion of this Committee, the said Petition:

That, for the future, the Expence of pacing, cleansing, . And it is referred to Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Turner^ enlightening, and keeping in Repair, the said Street, be General Oglethorpe, 'Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. defrayed by a Pound Rate, upon the Inhabitants of the said Charlton, Mr. Weslx Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hill* Street only. ... Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Beckford, Mr. Pro*w[e, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Oswald, Mr. That the Charge thereof, by such Pound Rate, will not Bayntuny Mr. Meilish, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. liar-exceed the Sums of Money now expended by the said dinge, Admiral Vernony Lord Dupplin, Sir Charles Mor-Inhabitants for the aforesaid Purposes. daunt, ‘Mr. Reynolds, Sir William Ycngey Sir Roger New-

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second digate, Colonel Haldane, Lord Gage, Mr. Neale, Mr* time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Tracy, Mr. Belchitr, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fazakerleyi agreed to by the House. Mr. Greatbeedx Mr. Curzon, Mr. Benjon, Mr. Conyers,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Turnerand all the

spant to the said Resolutions; And that the Lord Trent- Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this bam, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr.'Doddington, and Lieu- Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* tenant-General Oglethorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

lame. Records.

Officers*

Widows.

Duties on Tobacco.

Manufacture of raaixL Pfarl Ashei.

Mention being made of the same of the Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers of the RoyaPNavy$

Mr. Chancellor'of the Exchequer (by his Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends the same of the said Widows to the Considera-tiijn of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

A Bill for the more effectual feewing the Duties upon Tobaccd was read a Second time.’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. 1 upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Agents for several of the British Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither.

A Petition df Yhontas Stephens was presented to the Manufacture House, and read; setting forth, That there being a very ‘largeConsumption of Pot and Pearl Afties in the Making Pear of Soap, and in the Linen, Woollen, and other Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland, great Quantities are bought from other Countries, to the Value oF 50,000 /. a Year, and upwards; and that there are Vast Quantities of Waste Wood in his Majesty’s Colonies in America, proper for making the said Ashes, and sufficient not only to supply all Demands for it in the British Dominions, but to furnifti foreign Markets; and that the Petitioner, having employed several Years Labour, and been at very great Expence in making Experiments,has attained such KnoW-lege in the Manufacture of the said Ashes, as to have made the same in his Majesty’s Plantations, and exported . some Parcel into England: And alleging, That it appears by the Accounts of Sale, and Report of the Committee of the General Assembly in South Carolina, appointed to yifit

Soapmakers, Dry-Salters, Whitfters, and others, whbfe, and examine fthe Petitioner’s Pot Asti, that it might be

Names are thereunto subscribed, w£s presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Pot and Pearl Ashes are Commodities necessary for the Use of several Trades and Manufactures in this Kingdom; and there eing a very inconsiderable Quantity made in Great Bri- Jain and Ireland, the Consumption, which is very great, is supplied by, and purchased from, foreign Countries, v tethe Amount of Twelve Hundred Tons a Year, and upwards; used in England only, as the Petitioners are in-so^pned; and which is one of the Articles that form a Urge Balance in favour of the Northern Crowns in their Trade with Great Britain, which Balance is paid in Specie; and that the said Commodity is grown extraordinary dear of late Years, so as to have risen 20 per Cent, and upwards, within these Ten Years; and from such Countries You 26.

made to answer the Purposes above-mentioned, and reduce the Price; and that the Petitioner is ready to make publick his Method of making the said Commodity, and introduce the Manufacture thereof into his Majestys Colonies in America, upon receiving suitable Encouragement for so doing; And therefore praying the House to cake the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whpm the Petition of the Agents for several of the British Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither, Soapmakers, Dry-Salters, Whitfters, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Pgt Ash 12 and

a iff 3°--6°

land Pearl ATh imported into England, within the last Seven Years, ending at Lady-day 1751^ distiriguishing each Year, and the Country from whence imported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this. House, an Account of the Duty arising from Soapmsaffe in England for the last Eighteen Years, ending at Lady-day 1751, distinguishing the Sum total of each Year.

Sopply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive kfdf into a Comfaittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Funds, cfbblished for the Relief of the poor Widows of the Commissiou and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, and the Application thereof, from the 30th of August 1732 to the 30th of August 174c, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of February 1740) be referred Co the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the separate Funds of the Three Pence ofihe Pound, deducted out of the Whole and Half-pay of all the Officers of the Navy, and of the Wages, and Victualling of a fictitious Man, of every Hundred Seamen borne upon the Books of his Majesty's Ships of War; as also' the Produce of Lieutenant Crew’s and Mrs. Underdown's Donations, and the Application thereof, from the 30th o( August 1740 to the 30th of August 1750, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, containing distinct Lifts of all the Widows of the Commission and Warrrant Officers ihtitled to the Produce of Three Pence in the Pound, deduced out of the Whole and Half-pay of all the Officers of the Royal Navy, with th'e Rank of their Husbands, together with an Account of what Has been paid'to each Widow, from the 30th of August 1740 to the 30th of August 17 50, distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been annually, dr Other-wife, reserved, with the Application thereof; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book containing Lifts of the Widows incitled to the Wages and Victualling of the Widows Man, by their Names, and Rank of their Husbands, together withwhat Money has been paid to each Widow, from the 3 th of August 1740 to the 30th of August 1750, distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been annually, or otherwise, reserved, with the Application thereof; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Widows of the Com-miffiqn and Warrant Officers of the Royal NaVy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr; Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported'from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the Hdufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and # Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-Meam. ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Duties on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Linen Yarn, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of striped'and chequefed Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lan-caster", and the Parts adjacent, whose Names a re thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the

Mdiu A. 1751.

Manufacturers 6f Linen Goods* and the Traders and Dealers within* the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent 5 and also the several other Petitions relating to the British Manufacture of striped and chequered Linen* and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linens made, in Ireland\ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactory, were referred; be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions"be adjourned. ...v /, of Privileges,

And then the House adjourned vXUAonday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna> 6° die Maii;

Anno 24° Georgii ll81 Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

THE Lord Advocate ot Scotland reported frotn the WenzieiCoal Committee, to whom the Bill , for veiling, for a Machine, certain Term of Yqars, in Michael Mtnzies Esquire, his Ljcecutors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Pro^ perty of a Machine, by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places where they^ire dug, to the Heaps at the Mouths of the Pits, and, in some Cafes, from the Heaps to the Staiths, Or Places where they are put on board Ships or Keels, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations <of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; apd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with* the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the . Amendments were once" read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing the Out-ParHh of St. Dividing Philip and Jacoby in the County of Gloucester, and for Parishe* in erecting a Parish Church therein, was read the Third'time. Brlflol# The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 4. After " in’* to insert " the."

Pr. 4. L. 25. After u Jacob" to insert " or the said " new-intended Parish."

L. 16. Aftercc Journal" to insert" Eight clear of Days before such Meeting."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing the Parish of St. Philip and Jacob, in the County of Gloucester, and in the City and County of Bristol, and for erecting a Church in the new-intended Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.:

Ordered, That it be. an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Bankrupt who are appointed po prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Creditors better Relief of the Creditors of f uch Merchants as shall Scollan(i* become Bankrupts, in thac Part of Great Britain called Scotland, That they do insert in the said Bill a Clause or Clauses, for extending the Pri vileges of Bills of Exchange to Promissory Notes!; and for limirirtg Actions upon such Bills and Notes. r

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill,

That they do insert therein a Clause or Clauses, for explaining Part of an Act of the 20th Year of his present Majesty,

24 Ge5. it:

& Mail

iif

Movie’s

Eilatc.

Majesty, for taking away the Casualties of Sing-fe and Life-Rent Efchcats, incurred in Scot fond by Horning arid Denunciation for Civil Caules.

Ordered, That ;t be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Who are appointed to prepare* and bring in, the Paid Bill; Vh it they do nfert therein a Clause or Clauses, for explaining an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Yt ir 1701, intituled, Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a.Mefft'&ge #and Lands in Suffolk,-P&ri of the ietrled Estate of Thomas Moyle Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust. to fell the lame, pursuanjt to an Agreement for that Ptirpose, 3nd for applying the Money arising by such Sale, towards the purchase of anotherfcftate, of greater Valued to be fertled to the like Uses, was read a Second time.

Revived, That' the Bill be committed to Sir Cor del Fireorder, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Comptpn, Lord Parker, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.' ff bicbcct, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Batburjl, Sir John Afflty, Sir John Cujl, Mr. A iff one, Mr. Ttrkey Mr. ProwfeMr. Janffen, Sir John Turner, Mr. Eellowes, Mr. pazakerley, Mr Vyner, Mr. tVoiteuoufe, Mr. Winnington, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Colleton, Sir Veter Warren, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Southwell, Mr. War burton, Mr. Hoblyn, EAt.Townshend, Mr ..Cooke, Mr Gray, Lord HillJboroughn Mr. Plump e, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Morton, Mr, Bedford, Mr. B owne, Sir Charles MbrdAunt, Colonel' Leighton, Nit. Affleck, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Pytts, Sir JainesT)ash-weod, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Drake, Mr. Eilis, Mr.« Sydenham, Mr. Cocks, Mr- Carmichael, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. H ides, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Colonel Hldane, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. ITilkinfon, Mr. Smith, Sir John Molejworth, Mr. Pitly Mr. Neale, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. HUT, and all the Members who fetve for the Counties* of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Fffex:

*Andihey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker* Chamber.

1?

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers* ‘granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth ‘/Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Hoads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Laney In the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palaune of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henfhail's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the Lid County, and for making the said Act more cffrftual, was read the Third time.

Rejolvtd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers gfarited by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Pari& of La&ton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Latyton, ind from ihence to Htnjhali's Smithy, upon Ctanage Green, in the said County, and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Warburton do Carry the Bill to the Lords,* and dtfirc their Concurrence.

Frotf £U^d ef A Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace mortfafe justices, fire, in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their War- rants j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill.

Butt Lahe, *c;RQa<i*.

Staverton

laclosure.

Mr. Lyster reported from the Committed, to tohonf the Bill for inclosing and dividing the ComiAon Fieldsy within the Manor and Parish of Stareton, otherwilfc Staverton, in the County of Northampton, was comiftftted t and to whom affo the Petition of Thomas Roberts, Samuil Roberts, Husbandman, Thomas Hedges Robert Burtt* Yo*. 06.

* - 1 I . *> i t

bam, John Roberts, and divers Persons, Owners and Pro-f pnetors of Land and Ground in thevOpen and Commori Fields of Stareton, otherwise Staverton, in the County of Nbrikampton j was referred; That the Commictre had considered the said petition, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel, and had also heard Counsel id^ favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and th# the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill# and found the same to be true; and cjiac the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis* faction of the Committee, except Thomas Smith, . whfil refused to sign the Bill, upon Account of his being blind; and who is £oficfled of Two Yard Lands; and except Mary Pitchley, NJldow, and Mary Fall, Widow, <yho, upon Application madb tb them, said, they would not nueadle oM tihe Side or the dther, and who, togethefi. dfe. poiTefljed of Otie1 Quartern, and an Half Quatterni Lands; arid^xT cept‘Fifteen other Persons, being the Petit ioners in laid Petition* who are possessed* in the whpleLof Sev.eqi 'Yard Lands; Three (Quarterns, and One^Half Quarter, Yard l^rids; and that the whole is Foriy-seven Yard. Lands j and that Abigail Roberts, who (xifleffed of 0^ Quartern and Half Quarter Yard Land, for Lif^ PafJ of the said Seven Yard Three Quarterns and Half Quart^f Yard Lands, is only Tenant fob Life, the ReverfiomJ^ing In Mr. Markham, who is a Petitionei; For the BilJyf except Mrs.Watjoii, who Is possessed of Half a Yafd Land, and who had been applied to, and said, fl*e was in her Judgment for* the Bill; but that she had givefi a Bond for Thirry Pounds, to oppose the Bill; other.wi^ (he would have consented; for (he thought it for her^df’ vantage; and that the' Reversion of her Half Yard Land goes to her Son, who appeared personally at the Corn-mitt ee, and declared his Chnlent to the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fty$ral Amendments thereUnto , which they had directed him to reporf to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wiCh the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wefe Once read throughout, and then a Second time one l*y one; and (except One of them, which distrgr^cfj M>) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the Hopfe (d the B>11.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bt iri-grossed.

A Petition of John Roberts, Thomas Btdge, Thomas Burnham, John Withebed, John Mulltnsr, Thomas Roberts, and others, whose Names are thereunto* subscribed, in behalf of therr.selves, and divers other Peffons, Owners and Proprietors of Land and Ground in the Common Fields, within the Parish and Manor of Stareton, otherwise Sis-vertofi, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the said Petition presented to the House by these Petitioners against the said Bill; and alleging, That the Petitioners, being, by the Rules of the House (which they were ignorant of) only at Liberty to be heard against particular Clauses in the said Bril, the Petitioners were prevented from offering their Reasons against the said Bill; which Bill, if it should pass into a Law* the Petitioners apprehend Will greatly affect and injure them,* in their several Properties: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill; or have such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upbh the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third timer and that the Petitioners b£ then heard by their Counsel, against the Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill,’ against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bffl be read the Third time Apon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bifl&e then' ingrossed.

StavertoW

Inclosurd.

zi8

6°Mali,

J. 175 fi

Supply.

The House was moved* That part o>f an , A<9t, made^ under a lower Duty, would put the british Manufacturer*

of Cheques and Stripes upon a more equal Footing with their Rivals, and enable them to regain and enlarge their Export Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 25th Day of ltfargb 1752, the' Duties n6w payable upon the I mportation of foreign Liner* Yarns shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is t\\c Opinion of this Committee, That, iri Iicti of the said Duties, there be granted to his Majesty a Duty of One Penny, for every Pqund Weight Upon all Raw or Brown foreigrt Linen Yarn, and also a Duty of Three Pence for every Pound Weight of un-wrought lricle, short Spinnell, and other whitened and bleached foreign Linen Yarns, which shall be imported into this Kingdom after the said 25th Day of March

>750/L ' .

Preventing

l:ri"r,c*|® inr the 29th Year of the Neigfri of King Charle; the Second, intituled, An Act* for Prevention of Frauds and Per- juries, might be read:

: And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, td explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the 29th v Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, as relates to the Attestation of Devises of real Estates: And that Mr. Satburst, Mr. fVilbraham, and the Matter of the Rolls, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

f&wlcgt.

N MrFane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole' House, to whom it was referred to Consider further of the "Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table s Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ResolveHJ\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That one other Seaman be allowed upon the Books of every Ship of War, in Sea-Pay, in every Hundred Men that her Complement shall consist of, for suchTime only is the Number of Men employed in the Service of the Royal Navy shall not exceed Twenty Thousand; and that the Produce of the Wages of such Seamen, and the Value of their Viduals, be given and applied towards the Relief of Poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, according to such Rules, Orders; and Regulations, as his Majesty hath or shall etbfolish or appoint for that Purpose, over and above the One *Seaman allowed them by an Act of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.* -

The said Resolution beihgr read1 a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

. . V -

— (.

Ordered, That it be an Instrudibn to the Committee of

-Privileges and Llediphs, That they do hear, upon ffed-

rtefiay Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant May, the

Matter of the Complaint made to the House, upon Friday

last, in Relation to the Breach of Privilege committed

againflr Thomas Medlicott Esquire, a Member of this

i-House,

tly put thereupon, agreed to by the Huufc. /, r Fourth Resolution of the Committee being r

Duties on { Mr. Brpekfbank, According to Order, reported from the Linen Yarn. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom v ,r the Petition of tW Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the ^County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whoseN^mes are thereunto subscribed, in behalf’of themselves^ and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the several other Petitions relating to the British Manufacture of striped and schequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also the Petition of the Merchants arid Dealers in Linen made in Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them-

selves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactory; were referred; the Resolutions which the Committee hard directed him to report to the House;

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at - the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are . 3s follaweth; viz.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Support and Encouragement of the British Manufactures of striped and chequered Linen, and Linen . mixed*with Cotton, is of great Importance to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, L That the Exports of the said Manufactures have of late Years considerably decreased.

Refohef That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That eft laid Duties be carried to, and made Part of, the Aggregate Fund.- r

Resolved, That* it fs the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu>o( the Duties and Revenues, which jvcrc charged with several Annuities, and.other. Appppriationsi the like Sum be charged upon the several Duties and Revenues' commonly called the Aggregate Fund,aQd $iade applicable to‘the fame, Uses and Purposes.

The Three first Resolutions of the Cc^nmiitee^ oqng severally read a Second time, were, qporT/he Question severally ’ 1

5 The* a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re^committed. The Fifth Rtlolution of the Committee being read a Second time; . ‘ ' ' ,v

Ordered, That the said Resolution, and also the fpb* sequent Resolutions of the Committee, be re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Resolutions, which have bean re-committed, be re-committed to a Committee oft the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursJay Morning next, refolvb itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further with regard to {he said Resolutions, which have been re-committed; the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturer* of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the LinenManufadory in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whoseNames arc thereunto subscribed, in behajf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers within^the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the several other Petitions relating to the British Manufacture of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also J;he Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen made in Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and efnployed in the said Manufedory; wei^e referred.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be- Account of fore this House, an Account of the Quantities of foreign., Lin<!n Ya, ty Linpnyam imported into that Part of Great Britain called kftUnP England, from Christmas 1749, to Chrijhnas 1750, distinguishing each Year, the Places from whence imported* the several Species of such Yarn, and the Duties paid thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do.ky before this House, an Account of the Quantities of foreign Flax imported into that Part of Great Britain calfed England, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1750, distinguishing each. Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this /

House, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sojts of fpreign Linen, called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozcnbrigs and Russia Narrow, which have been

RiJolvedyTbAC it is the Opinion of this Committee v imported into England from Christmas 1748, tzCknjlmas ... (That thppermuting foreign Linen Yarn to be imported , 1750, distinguishing each Year.

, . ’ *' ,u s*M

24 Geo. XI*

itg

Account of Rum im-foiled.

Ordered, That the ptopfrr Offtcef hr Officers do jay of Edward Bulfirode Esquire; and although their fcjects^ before this House, an Account of the (Quantities of foreign as they are adviled, are a legal Lien upon all his fiftateS,.

~ yet a great Part thereof (which, as the Petitioners are in- '

formed, was purchased by the said Edward Bulfirode after his Marriage) is, by the said Bill, proposed, in the pirft Place, to be discharged of all Incumbrances, and settled upon him and his family; and that the Lands and Estates, appropriated by the Bill to be disposed of for tf ifcharging. Incumbrances, are very far from being sufficient to satisfy the Debts, amounting to Seven Thousand ine hundred and Twenty-three Pounds, contained in the Schedule an-

nexed to the Bill; which Estates thereby appear to *be phlyOhehundl-edand Sevebty-eight PoundsTwoShilling*

a Year, and, as the Petitioners believe, are not worth, to

be.fojd, Four Thousand Pounds; so that in case the laicL Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend they (Fall be greatly afrefted and prejudiced thereby, unless some Provision is made for them: And therefore praying, Thar the House will take the same of the Pe-sioners into Consideration, and give Leave, that they may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof, as they are adviied will affect them j or that they may have fu£h other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corfidmtion of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by theiij Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Flax re-expotted out of that Part of Great Britain called. England, from Gbrifimas 1740, to Christmas 1750, dif tinguishing each Year, and the Places to which such Flax was re-exported.

The orher Order of the t)ay being read;

Bill for alter- Re/olved, That this House will. To morrow Mofning,

ing the Style, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for cor- rtfting the Calendar now in Ufc.

And then the House adjourned $1 Tomorrow 1 Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 70 die Maii j

Anno 240 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1751* Prayers.

THE House being informed, ThatMr. Oxcnford,

' A frdm the Commissioners of the Custoros, attended at the Door;

He Was called in; and; at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of dS? Amount of tht several Duties of the Customs paid on Rdm imported into England, for Seven Ycis last pa&,

distinguishing each Yea~r.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accountis preserved amongst the other Papers . ' of this Session.

b \. - . ‘ 1

ferdfatfre* 'A Petirionof the Mayor and Commonahy of th£ City tityiriu. inf New Sarttm, in Common-Council assembled, was pre-fcrited to the House, nd read; complaining of the ex--qtfflWe Use of Spirituous Liquors: And. praying "the Hoafe to take Ae Premises into Consideration arid apply such Remedy therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

MfrefcV

ElUte*

A Petition of WUtidm Baylies of Evesham, in the County of IVtrcefier, Gentleman, was presented to the Houfir, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is urtder Articles with Edward Bulfirode Esquire, for the Purchase of Part of the Lands intended to be fetrled and Jdisposed of by the Bill, depending in the House, for confirming a Partition of the Estate late of George Gardner

An Ingrblfed Bill, fof cieanfing and enlightening tliq Rnbnal open Places,'Streets, and other Passages, and regulating the nightly Witch tfhd Bedels j and also for the better reT Street* pairing and widening tHelHi^hfcays and‘Padages inrthd*

Parish of Saint Mathew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlejeit\ was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. L. 10. A$ef " RefufaV*. to insert " or neg-,c left after such Dcmafid." - v

And the said Amendment Wds, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:* And the Bill waa amende at the Table accordingly. \

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for cieanfing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, and ocher Passages, -and regulating the nightly Watch and Bedels, in the Parish of Saint Mathew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlefek.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the I-iqrds, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be Revived.

An ingrossed Bill, for impowering Sir Thomas Saunderi Besford pfquire, deceased, and for settling and disposing of the Sebright Baronet, to inclose Besford Common^ in the County Inclosure, Lands belonging to the said Edward Bulfirode, upon the' of Wor cefier, and Tor setting out and appointing proper said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances, and for a Roads over the fame; and for charging the said Common Provision for himfilf, and his Wife and Children, pursuant with a perpetual yearly Rent, in lieu of certain Rights and to his Marriage Settlement 5 and that the Petitioner is also Privileges claimed by James Cocks Esquire, as Lord Par^-a Judgment Creditor of the said Edward Bulfirode; andi.. n^ount of the Manor of Besford; was read the Third time, apprehends, that his Interest in the Premises may be' 1 Ritfolved, That the Bill dp pass: And that the Tide be.

An Act for impowering Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, to inclose Besford Commonin the County of Worcester, and for setting out and appointing proper Roads over the fame; and for charging the said Common with a perpetual yearly Rent,ih lieu of certain Rights and pri-

affected by the said* Bill, in case the same shall pass into a Law, unless some Provision be therein made Tor the Petitioner: And ‘therefore praying the House will give Leave to the Petitioner to be heard by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parcs thereof as may afteft

the Petitioner i or that the Petitioner may have such Re- vileges claimed by James Cocks Esquire, as Lord Para-

liof, as to the House (half seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the* Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. ’

Ktto.

A Petition of William Kettle, of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, Grocer, and Richard Jew, of the; same Place, Joiner, was prefenced to the House, and read; String forth, Thao the Petitioners are Judgment Creditor* Vol. 26.

mount of the Manor of Besford.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Allgood reported from the Committee, to whom gn^ker’i the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inticuied. An Act for Jointui* the effectual Securing of a Jointure, by way of Rent Charge, for Barbara Mainwaring Ellerker, Wife of Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker Esquire, and raising Portions for their younger Children, pursuant to ari Agreement dort* tained in their Marriage Settlement % and Tor confirming

and

L

110

f Ma

A. 175

and establishing the Surname of ESerkir, and ,the Coat of Arms oi 'the Ellerkers of Rifby, in the County of York, and tfcfe Crcft granted by King Henry the Eighth t<5 thfe said Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker, and his I flue; was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,'and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the'Bili, to the Sacisfaction'of the Committee 5 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message. from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Miy

'ague: .* ’

Mr. Speaker,’.

Earl of Eg? The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by. mont*sEstate. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting f divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Gorke, in the Kingdom of Ireland\ comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Egmont, so him and Jus Heirs, discharged of the Uses of that Settle? ment, amtfor settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses: And also, ’

The Lords have, agreed to the . Bill, intituled,. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds intheParish oflVeltony fa the County of York, and for settling a yearly Sum, on the Vicar, in lieu of Tythes,'and other Purposes thereiq mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act For making the River Nar navigable, frorr\the Town and Port of Kings Lynns to Wefiacrey in the County of Nor- . /eft, without any Amendment: And also,'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,.Intituled, An Act for budding a Bridge over the River Ribble, befween the Townlhipsof Prejion znd'Penwortham, near apiace called the HJh House, in the County of Laricaster, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have Igreed tQ the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Yattony in the county of , Scmer/et}'mthfut any Amendment* And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

tVcltort

Inclosure.

Nar

Navigation.

Ribble

Bridge.

Yatton In-dofure.

treft on, &c.

Road.

The Ldrds kave passed a Bill,. Intituled, An Act for Kdbnd making and granting Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Courtenay1! Mines, in the County of Cornwall, comprized in the Mar- £l*atc* riage Settlement and Will of Kelland Courtenay Esquire, deceased; during the Minority of his I flue, claiming under the said Settlement and Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ifor Micheiy the better effecting the Purposes mentioned in the Will Will of John Micheiy late of Richmond, in the Counjv of Surry,

Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit and Advantage of*

Queen's College, in the University of Oxford: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. '

'Mr. Fane prefen ted to the House, according to Order, Soppily Bill* 3 Bill fqr granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, Sinking

therein -to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; And* &c. the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, T|$ac the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sdbage Mostyn% Comptroller of his Majesty’s Navy, Account np presented.to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac- fifticiouHMra . count of the JSItwnber of fifticious Men, that have been allowed to be borne uppn the Books of his Majesty’sShips officers r of War, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widpws, from Widows. 1 the 33th of August 174Q, to jthe 30th of August 1750, di-ftihgui.shing each Year, and hqw. many have been borne ofc each Ship, and the Amount of Wages and Victualling ot speh Men by the f^lpnch, and the Year, for the like rim£.

And the Title of the said Account was read. -

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Merpbers of the Hopfe.

The laid Account is preserved aroongst the other Pa* pers of this Sdfiou,:

Sir Richard Lloyd preferred to thejlcufe, according to preventing Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing Robbe- Robberies i* yies. Burglaries, and other Outrages’, within die City and Liberty ot Westminster, and the several jParifnefr and THaocs

adjoining thereto > and for the more effectual Apprehending and Convicting of Offenders wiring the Bills ot Mortality*

And the same wa> received ‘and read* the First timet' i&fdved, That the Bill be read a Second time.,

Grfeed), That the said Bill be printed. . /

Selby, Sces, Roads.

for repairing and widening the Road from Prejion to Lan~ caster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and IFeJlmorland, without any Amendmest: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his piefent Ma- Agoing armed "or disguised, in Defiance jessy (for the repairing ancj enlarging the Roads from the Customs or Excise.

Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of Yorkr, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, oheihrough Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in ‘ e same Riding) as relates to that Part of the said Roads

t

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do. lay Acceontre? before this House, an Account of what has beon paidvfor *.

the Apprehending and Profecuxing ot Smugglers, since the Passing of the Act, of the 19th Year of his.prefeiit Majesty's Reign, for the further Punishment of Pecfons

of the Laws of

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hofner’s to impower the Guardian or Guardians of Thomas Horner beafcug. Esquire, an Infant, for the-Time being, to make Leifes, and Copyhold Grants, of his Estates, in the County of

ihich lies Between Selby and Leeds j and also for repairip^g Somerset, during his Minority-, according to the U%ge

Brampton HiftH Lan*', 4c. Roadw

Hutton Tn^ lofere.

the Road from Tadcaflerfm the said West Ridings oVer Bramham Moor, through KidBaU Lane, over lvtmnorey and through Seacrtfty to a Place called Hqlton Dyad, where it comes into the aboy^-said Road, between Selby and Leeds i without any Amendment i And also, '

The Lords have agreed mthe Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brmpton High Lane, in the Counry of* York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of AJkrigg and IngJetony in the said County, to the Town o( Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, without any Amendment: AndaWb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, A-n Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing the Common failures, and Common Grounds, within the Manor of Hutton Bushely in the County of Yarky without any Amendment: And also,

and Custom of the Country, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved^Thzt the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt Ao-carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, That this Houie*ath agreed to the fame, without any Amendmentr

Colonel Haldane prefenred to the House, according to Bankrupt* Order* a BilHbr the better Relief of the Creditors of inch Creditors is Merchants as shall become Ban); rupts, in that Part of Great StoUand. Britain called Scotland\ and for extending the Privileges of Bills of Exchange to Fromiflbry Nptes, and for limiting Actions upon such Bills and Notes; and for explaining Parc of an Act, of the 20th Year of his present Majesty, for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Efchcats, incurred in Scotland, by Horning and Denunciation, for < civil Gaufes; and for explaining an Act of the Parliament 6: imf

A

14 Geo.

7b — 8° Mail

at

Manufacture of Pot and Pearl Allies.

Office of Coroner.

of Scotland, made in the Year 1701, intituled. Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials:. And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

- ;i>.

Ordered, That Sir John Barrington, Mr. JVtiles, Mr.

Stoper, Mr. Gray, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Agents forfeveral of the British Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither. Soap-makers, Dry-falters, Whitfters, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of "Thomas Stephens \ are referred.

A Bill for the better ordering of the Office of Coroner^ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River Thames, and Waters of Medway, was (according to Order) read a Second time. Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Thzt this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Importation The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a of Cambricks. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Staiths, or Places where they arc put on board Ships or Keels; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for vesting, for a certain Term of Years; in Michael Menzies Esquire, his Executors, Administrarors, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Machine, by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places where they are dug, to the Heaps at the Mouths of the Pits; and, in some Cafes, from the Heaps to the Staiths, or Places where they are put on board Ships Or Keels.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Neale's Na^ naturalizing Count Stephanas Laurentius Neale, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henley, of Bath, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed* to the fame, without any Amendment.

Thames

Fishery.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Laws Orderedx That the further Consideradon of the Report respecting from the Committee, who were appointed to revise and wa^ consider the general Laws in being which relate to the amending, and keeping in Repair, of the Highways of that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Defect$, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws; and to whom the Petition of the justices of the Peace for the West Riding of Yorkshire, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the said Riding, at Pontefract, the 19th Day of April 1751; was referred; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for alter- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

ing the Style, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fa* 1 regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for cor-resting the Calendar now in Ule.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro\y Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. John Stuart reported from the (jammittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir William Maxwell of Monreith, Baronet, or other Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to fell Lands, in the County of Wigtown, for Payment of Debts,. and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed ;.That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 30. After f< Fifty," in the Interlineation, leave out c< Two," and insert<c Four."

Pr. u. L. 2. After " the" insert c< Survivor or.*'

L. 29, Leave out" so much of."

Pr. 12. L. 20. After fC them" insert " or of the " Survivors or Survivor of them, or of any Three, of " them."

Pr. 13. L. 2. After " the" insert " Survivor or."

L. 10., After <c the" insert <c Survivor or."

L. 38. After tc the" insert " Survivor or."

Pr. 17. L. 40. Leave out<c for the Time being."

The said Amendments, being severally, read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Maxwell*

Estate.

Laws

Mercurti, 8° Mail;

11'" Regis, 1751.

Anno 24'

Georgii

MenziesCoal

Machine.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders,* Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, in and about Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented s ways* to the House, and read; fecting forth. That of late Years very great Sums of Money, raised as well by the ordinary Course of the Laws made for the repairing the Highways in general, as by extraordinary Powers granted by Parliament, for repairing of sundry Highways in particular, have been laid out and expended, and great Care and Df ligence employed, in repairing the Highways, in general, within the said Riding; but that, nevertheless, the same are become very ruinous and dangerous to Travellers, occasioned by the many heavy Carriages passing upon the lame; and that, although great Care hath been taken to fee the Laws now in being, for ascertaining the Weights of Carriages, and for preventing any Carriages, weighing, together with their respective Loadings, above Sixty hundred Weight, from travelling on the Roads of this Kingdom, duly put in Execution; yet, notwithstanding all such good Endeavours therein, many Waggoners, Carriers, and others, having found out various Methods of evading the said Laws, do daily travel upon the said Roads, with Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, weighing, together with

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for veiling, for a certain Term of Years, in Michael Menzies Esquire, his Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Machine;, by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the w

Places where they are dug, to the Heaps at the Mouths of their respective Loadings, above Eighty hundred Weight, the Pits; and, in feme Cafes, from the Heaps to the which the Number of Horses, by the Laws now in being, . Vol. 26. 3 L allowed

1Z2

8° Mail. 1751.

allowed to be employed in drawing of loaded Carriages, enables them to do; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, unless feme further Restraint be laid on the Owners of Waggons, and other Carriages travelling upon the Roads of this Kingdom, more effectually to prevent their carrying such exceftive Weights as they now do, it will be impossible to keep the said Roads in Repair: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premiics into their Consideration; and grant such Relief therein, either by reducing the Number of Horses to be employed in the Drawing of any loaded Carriage, that shall hereafter travel lipon the publick Roads of this Kingdom, or by such other Methods, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

until the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to revise and consider of the general Laws in being, which relate to the amending, and keeping in Repair, of the Highways of that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Dcfects, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws; and to v^fiom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, for the West: Riding of Ycrkjhrre, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the said Riding, at Pontefrafl, the 19th Day of April 1751; was referred, be resumed.

Preventing Mr. Batburjl presented to the House; according to Perjuries in Qrcjcr> a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, 5)cvifes? made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, as relates to the Attestation of Devises of real Estates: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tirnc.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Expiring Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, Laws. a Bill to continue several Laws, therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punching wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Ckfufes, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to* prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-Binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delft of Coal, or Cannal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting, or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or PaYks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of Kis Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigaced according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving' further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, in the City and Liberty of Westminster: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Counttfs T>f Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom kofeberry's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Jointure* enable John Primroje Esquire, commonly called Lord Dal-menie, to secure a Jointure to Mary Countess of Rojeberry-, his Mother, and make Provisions for his Brother and Sifter, out of the entailed Estate, late of Sir Archibald Primroje Knight, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 5 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the.- Trials by Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Jury.

Act for the better regulating of Trials by Jury.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 8. After the Second c* the," insert " ftrik-

" ing*"

L. 11, 12, Leave out, cc in that Act has been1 <c construed to," and insert u doth."

Pr. 2. L. 5. After " Purpose," insert u whereby."

L. 6. Leave out " thereby."

Pr. 4. L. 18. Leave out " Array of," and insert <c Challenge shall be taken to."

L. 19. Leave out " shall be quashed."

L. 21. After " Pannel," insert 4< nor any Ar-€t ray quaffied, by reason of any such Challenge taken " after that Time;"

At the End of the Bill, add Clanfe marked (X).

To the Title of the Bill, add " and for enlarging the ct Time for Trials by Nisi Prius, in the County of Mid-

" dlesex?'

Clause (X). c\And whereas, by an Act of Parlia-u ment made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King fe George the First; intituled, An Act for the better regulating Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex,

<c Power and Authority is given to the Chief Justice of the f< King’s Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, tc and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, for the cc Time being, and every of them respectively, and, in tho-<c. Absence of any of them, to and for any other Judge or <c Baron of the said several Courts, as Justices of Nisi Prius % u for the said County of Middlesex, within the Term, or <c within the Space, of Eight Days, after the End of any u Term respectively, to try all such Issues, as, by an Act €t of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign

" of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act for Trial of Nisi

" Prius in the County of Middlesex) they, or any of ic them, are enabled to try, in such Place and Manner*

" and with and under such Powers, Authorities, and c< Provisions, as in the said last mentioned Act, or any " orher Act of Parliament, or Law, whatsoever, concern-" ing the Premises, are prescribed, and contained; and " whereas, the restraining the Time for such Trials, after <c the Term, to Eight Days, hath been found inconve-<c nient and occasioned Delay of Justice: Be it therefore " enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and " after the First Day of Easter Term, in the Year of our u Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, ic " shall and may be lawful to and for the Chief Justice of tc the King’s-Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common-<{ Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, c< for the Time being, and every of them respectively;

" and, in the Absence of any of them, to and for any " other Judge or Baron of the said several Courts, as Cf Justices of Nisi Prius for the said County of Middlesex, u at any Time or Times within the Space of Fourteen u Days after the End of any Term respectively, to cry all . c‘ such Issues, as, by the before-mentioned Acts, they, or €< any of them, are enabled to try, in such Place and

" Manner, and under such Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, as, in and by the aforesaid A Cts, or any other Ct Act of Parliament, or Law, whatsoever, concerning <c the Premises, are prescribed and contained; any thing in the before-mentioned Acts to the contrary hereof in " any wise notwithstanding."

The said Amendments, as far as the Clause marked (X), being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Clause marked (X) was read a Second time, and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment, made by the Lords to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

24 GEO.II. 8° Mail. Hi

Ordered, That Mr; Gray do Carry the' Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ellerker’s An ingro(Ted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act jointure* for the cffc<ftual securing of a Jointure, by way of Rent-Charge, for Barbara Mainwaring Ellerker, Wife of Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker Esquire, and railing Portions for their younger Children, pursuant to an Agreement contained in their Marriage Settlement} and for confirming and establishing the Surname of Ellerker, and the Coat of Arms of the Ellerkers of Rijby, in the County of York, and the Crest, granted by King Henry the Eighth, to the said Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker, and his Issue; was read the Third time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Allgood do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Accounts uf The House being informed, That Mr. Needier> Ac-Durics oa comptant-General of the Excise, attended at the Door;

Soap and He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the """ House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Duty arising from Soap made in England, for the last Eighteen Years, ending at Midfum-mer 1750, distinguishing the Sum total of each Year: And also,

The Amount of the several Duties of Excise paid on Rum, imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

AkonWy Ordered, That the Oder of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enlarging of the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royftcn, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon) and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division*; and that the Tolls, taken at Saltree and Wandsford Toll-Gates, may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; be now read.

And |he said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed j The House divided: -

| The Yeas wenc forth:

Trite so, ,1,0 Yeas, } -»

TeBe, for,h«Noes,^C^ } 7,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the Bill was committed to Lord Cokey Mr. All-good, Mr. Lamb, Sir John Htnde Cottony Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaftony Sir William Yonge, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Vane, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. War burton, Mr. Delavaly Sir Edward' Deering, Mr. Fairfax> Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Prowse, Sir William Calvert, Mr. West, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Limerick, Lord Duff liny Mr. Townshend\ Sir John Cujiy Mr. Iiume, Mr. Proby, Mr. Watson, Mr. Mellijhy Mr. Sandys% Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Godolphiny Sir Charles hi or daunt, Mr. Wilson, Lord Hartingtony Sir Francis Drake, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Bel-'ihier and all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Vol. 26.

Huntingdon, Lincoln, Northampton, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afrernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices

Sir Wifliam Cahert presented to the House (according1 Robberies oi to Order) a Bill for the more effectual preventing of Rob- Navigable beries and Thefts upon any navigable River, Ports of Rivers-Entry or Discharge, Wharfs, and Quays adjacent i And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Ftoofe (according to Order) resolved itself into a Scotch Lined Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explain- Manufac-ing, amending, and enforcing an Act, passed in the 13th tures‘

Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandi and for further regulating the said Manufactures.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee^ That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways anci resolve Jtfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to, Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Lawsrefpea-adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com-r ingHlgb-mittee, who were appointed to revise and consider of the ways* general Laws in being, which relate to the amending and keeping in Repair, of the Highways of that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws 3 and to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of Yorkshire, assembled at their General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held for the said Riding at PontefraR, the 19th Day of April 1751» was referred.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read3

4 The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bill for alter-whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, in- ing the Styfe. tituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year} and for correcting the Calendar now in Use.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Parker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The l.ord Parker reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upofi Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Michel'4 Act for the better effecting the Purposes mentionedjn the Will.

Will of John Michel, late of Richmond, in the County of Surry> Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit and Advantage of Queen’s College, in the Universny of Oxford3 was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered^ ,

£ourtenay’i

preventing Jobbery of Mines.

Account of Tobacco imported.

Leave of Absence.

Edinburgh

Roads.

124

8C

\ Ma li.

A. 1751.

Ordered, That Mr. Wimringttn have Leave to make a

Motion:

And he^moved the House accordinglyi And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords* intituled, An Act for making and granting Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Mines, in the County of Cornwall*comprised in the Marriage Settlement and Will of Kellond Courte» nay Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his I flue, claiming under the said Settlement and Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to*bring in a Bill for Abbreviation r. Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term: And that Mr. nf vr,'*1'"L and Mr. Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the

Morton

fame.

mas Term.

oviS) 90 die Mali;

Anno 24° Georgii IIdi Regis, 17JI.

Prayers.

MR; AUgcod reported from the Committee, to whom the bill for better securing the Property of the Owners of Mines from Theft and Robbery, was re-committed; That the Committee had made' several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the H*ouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were* once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, up on' the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendmeritfc, be ingrossed.

The Housebeing informed, Thai Mr, Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door 5

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of all Tobacco, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for Seven Years, ending at Lady-day 1750, di-ftinguishing each Year and each Port; and also. distin-guiflung the several Quantities which have been annually, imported into each of the said Ports for the same tinge.

And then he withdrew.

And thq Tide of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Captain Montagu have Leave to go Into the Country, upon Account of the Indifposition of his Lady.

Ordered, That Mr. Ker do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing thfehigh Roads in the County of Edingburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, was committed.

Mr. Ker accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which he Was directed to report to the Hbuft; and he read the Report in his Place,; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing all Persons properly qualified to be Trustees.

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Herbert Lord Viffcount Windsor, in thti Avon Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Mount joy in the Isle of Wight, Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the several Applications which have been made to the House, and of the Proceedings of the House thereupon, in relation to the Bill now depending in the House, for better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucefte)’; and for ascertaining the Rites of Water-Carriage upon the said River; and setting forth, That the Petitioner, by his Agents, attended the Committee, to whom the said-BiH is committed; and that the Petitioner is informed by his Agents, that almost all the Rates of Tonnage, now inserted in the said Bill, are much lower than any that have ever been paid, and not agreeable to the Evidence produced before, and reported to the House from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions relating to the-foid Navigation were referred, and are greatly to the Prejudice of the Petitioner; although (as the Petitioner is informed) no other Evidence was produced in relation to the said Rates, save what is stated in the said Report: And therefore (in regard the said Rates, so inserted in the said Bill, are not fnpported by, but are contrary* to, the Evidence given even on the Parc of the Petitioners for the said Bill) praying. That the Petitioner irr*v be heard by his Counsel before the House, at such Time as the House shall order the Report on the said Bill to be received and taken into Consideration; or that the Petitioner may have such ocher Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Lwsrefpefo the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- ingHigh-mittee, who were appointed to revise and consider of the wa?s* general Laws in being, which relate to the amending, and keeping in Repair, of the Highways of that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws 5 and to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of York>

shire, assembled at their General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held for the said Riding, at Pontefratt, the 19th Day of April 1751; was referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report:

And the First Resolution of the Committee, which, upon Friday last, was read a Second time, but was not then agreed to, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second and Third Refutations of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The subsequent Refolucions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Wilkitifw, Mr. Frederick, tWb Lord Downe, Mr.

11 Hay%

Z4 Geo. II.

6 o

9 — io

Mail.

Prowde’s

Eltaie.

Duchy of Cornwall Leafing,

Duiicson Linen Yarn.

May, Mr. Hardmge, and Mr. PPinhington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr.

Allen:;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester, Stafford, and Derby, devised by the Will of Sarah Froavde Widow, deceased, in Ralph Bio is Clerk, in Fee-simple 5 and for settling >an entire Eftace, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of thisHouse. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Corn^ watt, or annexed to the fame: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. West ck> prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further with regard to the Resolutions, which, upon Monday last, were re-committed, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petiflfo'n of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, at>d the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufeftory* in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and othet the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the several other Petitions, relating to the British Manufacture of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers rn Linen made in Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactory; were referred; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordirtgly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report, with regard to the Resolutions, which, upon Monday last, were re-committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Maffj.chuJets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America; and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payment of Money;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-, ing next, resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Protection of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Justicei, Sec. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Staverton The other Order of the Day, for the Third Reading Inclosure. of the Bijl, &>F inclosing and dividing the Common Fields* within the Manor and Parish of $tareton, Qthcfwife Staverton, in the County of Northampton (which Bill was Vol. 36.

Colonial Bills of Credit.

ordered to be read the Third time this Day, if it should be then ingrossed) being read;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill (now ingrossed) was read the Thir4 time.

And the Petition of John Roberts, Thomas fledge, Thomas Burnham, John Withebed, John Mulliner, nomas Roberts, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub-, feribed, in behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Land and Ground in the Common Fields within the Parish and Manor of Stareton, otherwise Staverton, in the County of Northampton, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill were heard.; and examined several Witnesses; and went through their Evidence:

Ana the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses; and went through their Evidence.'

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioners against. the Bill was heard, by way of Reply:

And the Courifel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion Being made, aid the Question being pro* pofedi, That the Bill do pass

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned rill thisj)ay Seven-night*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clack.

Vtrier is,91 o° die Maii;

Anno 24° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

THE House bein<* informed* That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Tobacco imported into England for Tobacco. Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1750, distingdishing each Year and each Port 5 and also distinguishing the several Quantities which have been annually imported into tath of the said Ports, for the same Time: And also,

An Account of the Quantities. of foreign Peatl Affi and Pot Alh, imported into England within Seven Years, ending at Chrijhnas 1749, distinguishing each Yeai* and the Countries from whence imported: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of foreign Linen Yarn, Linen Yarn, imporced into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1740 to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year, the Place from whence imported, the several Species of such Yarn, and the Duties paid thereupon:

And also.

An Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Linens. Linen called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow,

Ozenbrigs, and Ruff a Narrow, which have been imported into England, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1749:

And also,

An Account of the Quantities of foreign Flax imported 'FjrelgnFlax, into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1740 to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of foreign Flax re-exported out of that Pbrt of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1740 to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which such Flax was reexported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the First of the said Accounts being read;

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the 3 M more

Pearl and Pot Ash.

Ditto.

i%6

io° Matt.

A. 1751.

more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco, is committed.

And the Title of the Second of the said Accounts being read;

Ordered, That the said* Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Agents for several of the British Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither, Soapmakers, Dry-Salters, Whit-fters, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Then the Titles of the rest of the said Acepunts being read; ,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said several Accounts, this Day presented to the House by Mr. Oxenford, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Greenock The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Town and Committee, to whom the Bill for levying a Duty of Two Harbour. Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Greenock, and Baronies of Easier and Wesler Greenock and f innarty and Liberties thereof, in the County of Ren-frew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on A Petition of the Merchants in Bristol trading to Fir-

Tobacco. ginia and Maryland, and of the Tobacconists and Manu- ,

facturers of Tobacco, and of others, principal Merchants within the said City, was presented to the House, and read; expressing the Satisfaction with which the Petitioners observe,thata Bill is brought into the House for the more effectual securing the Duties uponTobacco: And alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend, if this Bill is passed into a Law, it will not only tend to increase his Majesty’s Re

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Leave of Al> fence.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Carlisle Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying Road* out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Ctolifle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. \

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

MrfSpeaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Dudes on refolveitfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon Tobacco, the Bill for the more effectual securing of the Duties upon Tobacco;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Scotch Linen whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining, amend- Manofec-ing, and enforcing, an Act, passed in the 13th Year of tufcs* his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for further regulating the said-Manufactures; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill for alter-whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords,* ing the Style, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year; and for correcting the Calendar now in Use; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Proteaion of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Justices, &c.

venue on this Branch of Commerce, but prove the most the Bill for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in likely Means for effectually preventing the many notorious ‘ " ——

Frauds,which have been committed by Personsconcerned in the Tobacco Trade, and thereby preserve to every fair Trader the Benefits arising from a legal Pursuit of so valuable a Trade to this Kingdom: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law; and that the House will take into Consideration the evil Consequences that may attend a Delay thereof, and order the Execution of the said Bill to take place, so soon as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Preventing Robbery of Mines.

Robberies on Navigable Rivers.

An ingrossed Bill, for better securing the Property of the Owners of Mines from Theft and Robbery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better securing the Property of the Owners of Mines from Theft and Robbery.

Ordered, That Mr. Banks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs, and Quays adjacent, was read a Sc- cond time.

Rifolvedy That the Bill be committed.

the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual securing of the Duties upon Tobacco.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers,.pre- . fented to the House in this Session of Parliament* relating to the Duties uponTobacco, and not yet referred to the said Comrtuttee, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed ' by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Duties on Tobacco.

fl-

ing

House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

24 Geo. II. ii° — 13

Sabb at i,n° die Maii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1751. Prayers.

Privilege. FT* HE House being informed, that Satisfaction had X been given to 'Thomas Medycott Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of upon Thursday the Second Day of this instant May;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Cgmplaint.

CoQntefs of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rofeberry s to enable John Primroje Esquire, commonly called Lord jointure. Dalmenie, to secure a Jointure to Mary Countess of Rcfe-

! terry, his Mother, and make Provisions for his Brother

and Sifter, out of the entailed Estate tote of Sir Archibald Primroje Knight, deceased; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the ! Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

to the fame, without any Amendment.

| Bill for alter- Ordered, That Mr. Gray do make the Report from the i mSthcStyIc* Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year; and for correcting the Calendar now in Use: was committed; j Mr. Gray accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's. Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followcrh; viz.

Pr. i. L. 8. Leave out " whereby" and insert C£ and "thereby."

Pr. 5 I*. 30. After " Scotland " insert fc the April " Meeting of the Governor, BaiiifL, and Commonalty, " of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens."

L. last. After " Exchequer" insert cc the said t( April MeetingV ' Pr. 7. L. 12. After <c September" insert <€ or which

c< shall become payable, by virtue of any Act or Acts w of Parliament now in Force, or which shall be made " before the said 14th Day of September, or the Time of " doing any Matter or Thing, directed or required by any " such Act or Acts of Parliament to be done, inflation i " thereto."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

‘ . agreed to by the House.

Scotch Linen Mr. Oswald (according to Order) reported from the Manufac- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, passed in the 13th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act "for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

and for further regulating the said Manufactures) was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re-

*' v portthe House; and he read the Report in his Place; m afterwards delivered the Bill, with die Amendments, in at (he Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were " ♦nee read throughout; and then a Second time one by

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Frowde’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Slate, for veiling the undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Vo i. 26,

Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester, Stafford, and Derby, devised by the Will of Sarah Frowde W idow, deceased, in Ralph Blois Clerk, in Fee-Simple; and for settling an entire Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will; wa«s read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Carlttfc resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Road‘ consider further of the Bill for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage 'Of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the town of Newcastle upon Tyne;

Ordered, That the said Order be poftported.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Pjcoteftum of whole House, upon the Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constabics, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants.

’ Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next*

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Carlisle whole House, to consider further of the Bill for laying Road* out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City df Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mowing, Nine of the Clock.

Lume, 130 die Maii,

Anno 240 Georgii IV1 Regis, 1751.

Pr AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Michel* for the better effecting the Purposes mentioned in WilL the Will of John Michel, late of Richmond, in the Countjr of Surry, Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit and Advantage of Queen's College, in the University of Oxford j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Godolphin, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Gray, Mr. KJ-n&ston, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Harley, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Bury, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Cooke, Sir Chales Mordaunt. Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Mundy, Sir Co; del Fit ehrace, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Popham, Sir John Cust, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Powney, Sir John Rushout, Lord Strange, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Morton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Allgood, General Oglethorpe Mr. WilkinJon, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr Ellis,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. fVHJon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gybbon, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford*

tzS YiJ Mail 175.1.

ford, Berks', %ent'&rtd Surry: And they* are to meet this Afternoon at Five xhe Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Preservation ]Vfy. ffafe Weir reported from the Committee, to whom Scotland m Bill for c^c better Preservation of- the Game;, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amefidnfenfs thereunto; which they had directed him. Co report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place r and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendrafcflt$ were once read throughout; and then a Se- cond time one by one, and, upon the Qtieftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by cfo House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingrossed.

Abbreviation Mf. Morton presented to the House, according to of Michael- Order, a Bill for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term: mas Terra. gfcmc Was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursday Morning next.

Courtenay's An logrolled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for making and granting Leases of Lands, Tenements* and Mints, in the County of Cornwall, camprifed in the Marriage Settlement and Wiilof KellondCourtenay Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his I flue* claiming under the said Settlement and Will; was read a Second time.

ResolvediThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Sji John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Alftone, Mr. Powney, Sir John Cufi, Mr- Budgen, Mr- Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr, Gybbon, Mr. P[umpire, Mr. Melltjh, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bathurfi, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Potter, Mr. Hay, Mr. Morton, Mr. % racy, Mr. Banks, Mr. Torke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Godol'phin, ‘Mr. Laroche, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lqjcelles, Mr. Lyficr, Mr. Colehrooke, Mr. 8arbor, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Lockyer, Mr, Boone, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Tewrf/hend, Mr. Neale, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Drake, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Willes, Lord Dupplin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bankrupts A Bill for the better Relief of the Creditors of such Creditors in Merchants as shall become Bankrupts, in that Part of scoi an . Great Britain raised Scotland; and for extending the Pri-

vileges of Bills of Exchange to Promissory Notes; and for limiting Actions upon fuqh Bills and Notes; and for explaining Part of an Act, of the 20th Year of his present Majesty, for taking away the Casualcies of Single and Life-rent Escheacs, incurred in Scotland by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes; and for explaining an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1701, intituled. Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning; next, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Avon Sir John Rushout, according to Order, reported from Navigation, the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments were proper to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made Preventing in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se- Perjuries in cond (intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and ^s1Ilg De* Perjuries) as relates to the Attention of Devises of real Estates; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, TIiat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for Expiring preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of Laws-England*, for the more effectual ptinishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-Binds; for the more effectual Pumfhtnent af Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit,* or Delft of Coal, or Cannal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forets or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks: for granting a Lir berty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Prodace, or Mar nufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships-buiit in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Impor tation of naval Stores from the British Colonies in America 5 and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, in the City and Liberty of Westminster; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr Harvey, Mr. Alftone,

Mr. MeUish, Mr. Ridley, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Allgood, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Cufi. Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Warburton, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hardjnge,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hill, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Page, Mr. Gcjhry, Sir Cor del FirebraceM Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Banker,y Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Gywnn, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gray, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Hay, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Robin-Jon, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Trent ham, Sir Nathfnael Curzon, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Edwin,

Mr. Belchier, Mr. Harris, Mr.. K%r, Sir John El well,

Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Torke, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. M'KenJie,- Mr.

Gwynn, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fellowes, M r. Neale; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Glo/qk, in the Speaker’s Chamber.*

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from Carlil the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill%r laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the PaflTage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

13 And

4

a4 Geo. II. 130 — 14 229

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Member And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having take* Oaths, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Carlisle The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Com-Roa4. mitcee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

>; A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Burroughs:

Air. Speaker,:

Earl of Dal- TheLords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for com-kcith’iEAate. Rearing the Sale of the Estate late of Francis Scott, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, deceased, in the County of Lincoln; and for applying the Money arising the reby,

1 *1 pliribant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for im-

powering the Guardians of the Heir of the said late Earl, for the Time being, to make Leases of GrdtiWd and Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, during tfjer! Minority of such Heir: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill for alter- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

ing the Style, for regulating the Commencement of the Year; and for correcting the Calendar now inUfe; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments ... tlais House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Dnchy of Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, Cornwall a j}j|| co cnable his Majesty to make Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refdved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Westminster The Lord 'Trentham reported from the Committee, to Small Debts.'whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the > Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; and for

*' making the said Act more effectual; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ‘afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee to the Bill, being read a Second time;

And the Question being proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the DebateJae adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

1 , ' A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Wilks y and the Lord Chief Baron Parker:

Mr. Speaker,

Settling the The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Regency, provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should defeend to any of the Children of ‘his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of Eighteen Tears; and for die Care and " Vol. 26. ' '

Guardianship of their Persons: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to office of

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Coroner,

the Bill for the better ordering of the Office of Coroner;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to w>ys and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted toTjis Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Tobacco-consider further of the Bill for the more effectual securing of the Duties upon Tobacco;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. G/tz/reported from the Committee of the whole Protealon of House,-to whom the Bill- for the rendering Justices of the Justices* Peace more.safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the'Bilf, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to ipakfc a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Art Earl of Dai-Act for com pleating the Sale of the Estate late of Francis keith's Estate. Scotty commonly called Earl of Dalkeithy deceased, in tht County of Lincoln; and for applying the Money arising the reby, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for impowering the Guardians of the Heir of the said late , Earl, for the Time being, to make Leases of Ground anci Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of such Heir; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Td-morjrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.*

Mart is, 140 die Maii; ’

Anno 24.° Georgii II. Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

MR. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Barlow'*

ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling Part of the settled Estate of George Barlow Esquire, in him and his Heirs; and for settling another Part of his Estate, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in Lieu thereof j was committedThat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had givin their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-3 N mitcee j

230 140 Mail.

mittee; and the Committee had gpne through the Pr. 14. L. 33. Leave out from u Waste’* to pro-

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which vided*’ in Pr. 17. L. 3.

they had directed him to report to the House; and he The said Amendments, being severally read a Second read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: agreed to by the House.

Where the Amendments were read 5 and are as fol- -

Joweth j viz. An ingossed Bill for explaining, amending, and en- Scotch Lfnen

Pr. 1. L. 37. After Wife" insert44 begotton, or to forcing an Act, passed in the 13th Year of his late Ma- Manufac’

44 be begotten." jesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation tutes'

Pr. 2. L. 2. After Wife" insert lawfully to be of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of c< begotten." Great Britain called Scotland) and for further regulating

Pr. 5. L. 3. Leave out from mentioned" to all" the said Manufactures; was read the Third time.' in L. 13* and, instead thereof, insert, " and it is in and by Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

44 the said Indenture of Release provided, declared, and An Act for explaining, amending, and enforcing an Act,

44 agreed, that in the Cafe, and upon the Contingency or passed in the 13th Year of his late Majesty's Reign (inti*

ft Contingencies therein mentioned." tuled. An Act for the better Regulation ef thaLinen and

L.26. Leave out from cc ever" to all" in Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain ci\k& and insert, instead thereof, " and also that, in Scotland) and for further regulating and Encouraging the the Cafe, and upon the Contingency or Contingencies’ ’said M^hufactures. - ’ ‘ '

44 theaein mentioned, the said Anne having no Child by Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the- Bill to

44 the said George Barlowtho Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Pr. 6. L. 3. After and" insert44 herein before mentioned, to be respectively let at Sixteen Pounds Twelve Sir Cordel Firebrace reported from the Committee, to Moyle'i Shillings, and at Seventy-nine Pounds a Year; and whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.

14 which are." Act for Messuage and Lands in Suffolk, Part of

L. 11. After thereof " insert " And whereas the settled EJJ*te of Thomas Moyle Esquire, in Trustees,

14 the said Hugh Barlow and George Barlow have each of in Trust to sell the same, pursuant to an Agreement for them consented and agreed to relinquish and give up, that Purpose; and for applying the Money, arising bf for themselves, and their Heirs and Assigns, absolutely such Sale, towards the Purchase of another Estate of fC for ever, all Right, Title, Power, Claim, Benefit, greater Value, to be settled to the like Uses; was com- and Advantage, of, by, from* or under, the afore- mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allega- said Proviso, Declaration, and Agreement, in the said tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Indenture of Release,.contained; and the Contingency that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the and Contingencies therein mentioned, fop. the making Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the void or ceasing of all or any the Limitations or Uses Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the aforesaid, to the said Anne, the Wife of the said George House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the v Barlow, for her Life, or to any Son or Sons, Daughter Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

44 or Daughters, or Issue of the Body of the said George

" Barlow by the said Anne his Wife, or of the said Anne . An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act MaxwetlV 44 Barlow's Claim of Dower, and of, from, by, or under to enable Sir William Maxwell, of Monreith, Baronet, or

44 the aforesaid Limitation, to the Use of the said Hugh other Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to fell Lands,

44 Barlow, his Heirs and Assigns; and also the said Power, in the County of Wigtown, for Payment of Debts, and in and by the said Indenture of Release, to the said other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third George Barlow given or reserved, of making an Ap- time.

41 pointment to any new, or other Use or Uses, by Deed Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

44 or Will, as aforesaid, upon the Contingency or Contin- Ordered, That Mr. John Stuart do carry the Bill to the

gencies therein mentioned; and that, as well with respect Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Lands and Premises, proposed to be settled to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amend- in Lieu of those intended to be sold as aforesaid, as with ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their respect to those so proposed and intended to be sold, Lordships.

44 but without Prejudice to such Right, Power, or Interest,

cc as the said George Barlow, his Heirs or Assigns, may Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Order, Greenwich have, independent of the said, Proviso, in or to the said a Bill to render all Contrafts and Agreements, which shall Hospittl,

44 Premises, so proposed to be settled in Lieu of those be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal intended to be sold as aforesaid." Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of any

L 20. After Uses" insert44 except as afore- Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or towards said/’ f the finishing and compleating the said Hospital, valid aryl

L. 37. After Uses" insert44 except as afore- effectual; and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall said.* be made for the fame: And £he same was received; and

Pr. 11. L. 29, 30. Leave out in case (he so long read the First time.

44 continues a Widow." Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

L. 33. After Barlow" insert so far forth as the Estate limited by the said recited Settlement to A Petition of divers Inhabitants, Land-Owners, and Alconbury the said Anne, the Wife of the said George Barlow, for Occupiers of Lands, in the several Parishes of Sautry Hill, &c.

44 Life, in the Premises herein before mentioned, to be let Moigne, Sautry St. Andrew, and Sautry St. Judith, oh Roads’

44 at Seventy-nine Pounds a Year, and other the Lands the behalf of themfeLves, and several other adjacent VII- and Hereditaments, comprifedin the said recited Set- lages adjoining to the great North Road, leading from tiement, would, might, and ought to have been deemed Alconbury White Post to Wandsjord Bridge, in the County 4*’and construed in Lie®* Bar, and full Recompence of of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read;

44 such Dower and Thirds, in case this Act had not been alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend themselves very

44 made." much aggrieved by several Clauses, in the Bill depending

L. 35. Leave out from u them" to 44 to" in in the House for enlarging the Terms and Powers, and L. 39. making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for

Pr. 12. L. 9. Leave 01* 44 during her Widowhood." repairing and amending the Highways leading from Roy-L. 13. Leave out from them" to 44 to" in ston, in the County of Hertjord, so far as relates to the L. 16. amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place

6 called

U.

24 Geo. II.

called the White Post on -Alconbuty Util, in Ae County of Huntingdon, and iPapdsford Bridge, in the same County* called the North Division; and that the Tolls taken at Saltrce and Wandjord Toll-Gates may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road kading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to 'Peterborough, in the County of Northampton and that the Drawing off Money from the Revenues of the Sautry or Wandsfurd Toll-Bar^, to ameqd the Road betwixt Stilton and Peterborough, will be highly injurious to the great North.Road, and entirely useless to those who travel on, and pay to the Support of it, and will subject the whole Neighbourhood to contribute by a Pound Rate,and Thrce Days Work, over and above what is commonly called the Statute-Work, to preserve the fame, at the Pleasure of the Trjuftees,pursuant to several Clauses inserted in the several Acts made to repair that Part of the great North Road; and that it can be proved, that no Turnpike, set up at any Place upon that Road, can be of any Effect, except it is placed at Peterborough Bridge; and representing to the House, the extreme Hardship of the same of the Petitioners, by paying TpH for their Wood- when they pass through Sautry Turnpike, though the greatest Part, if not all, of the said Parishes, do nor go with their Carriages a Hundred Yards upon the high Road, to more than one Half of Monkfwood\ when the Sale lies down flallon Lane; to other Parts of Monkjwood) not above One Half or Three Quarters of a tneafured Mile, and to the Rest of Monkjwood, very Hide more than a measured Mile; and yet that they pay equally for their Carriages with those who travel, some Twcl ve Miles, feme more and some Ids, and so in Proportion as they are situated, from V/andsford Bridge to Sautry Turnpikes and further rc-presenting, that the Petitioners look upon tbcmselves expressly exempted by Act of Parliament, under the Clause of Exemptions, the Benefit of which they enjoyed for many Years, by the Order of the then Trustees for the said Roads; but that, by a bad Construction of the prefect Trustees^ and an ill Interpretation o£i the Woj(k of the Act, the Petitioners have for many Years, and are at present deprived of that Right, which they think the Le-giflature has given them, of paffipg through Sautry Toll-Bars, without paying Toll for their Wood: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, or otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves before the said Committee upon their Petition, if they xhfok fit.

Prote aion of An ingrossed Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace JuAices, &c. more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to xheir Warrants.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lloyd do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dist?mper Mr. Bacon preferred to the House, according to Order, MioDgft a Bill for continuing several-Laws therein mentioned, Cattle. more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages aroongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duties on Ordered,\ That the Order of the Day, for the House

Lioen Yarn, to resolve itself into a Committee of* the whole House, to consider farther, with regard to the Resolutions, which, upon Monday the Sixth Day of this instant May, were rc-Vol. 26.

431

committed; the Report from the Committee^ to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Manchejleri in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are jthereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselvej^ and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, an^ in Ae Parts adjacent} and also the several other Petitions, relating to the British Manufacture of striped and cne-quered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen made in Ireland^ whose Names are thereupto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactory; were referred; be noy read: ,

And the said Order being read accordingly \,

Oi'dertd, That the Account of the Quantities of foreign Linen Yarn, imported into that Part of Great Britain calledEnglandJsom Christmas 1740 to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year, the Place from whence imported, the several Species of such Yarn, and the Duties paid thereupon be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Linen, called East Country Narrow, Germany'Nasrof, Ozenbrigs, and Ruffin Narrow, which have been imported into England\ from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1749» be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of foreign Flax, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Eng-lantly from Christmas 1740x0 Christmas 1749, distinguisfi-ing each Year*.be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of foreign Flax, re-exported out of that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1740 to Christmas 1749, distjn-guishing each Year, and the Places to which such Flax was re-exported; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refelved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Reynolds took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Reynolds reported from, the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Settling the Reading of the ingroljed Bill from the Loids, intituled, Regency, An Act to provide for the Administratiort of the Government, in case the Crown should defeend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of WaleS) being under the Age of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons; be now read i

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bril be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to £)uties^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Tobacco* consider further of the Bill for the more effectual fc-curing of the Duties upon Tobacco, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for allowing to the Importers of Tobacco from the British Plantations in America, certain Discounts or Abatements, upon the Bonds given by them for the Subsidy of a Penny per Pound on Tobacco, granted by an Act of the aift Year of his Majesty's Reign.

J 7 6 Then

14" Mail,

*3i

14 — 15

Mail

A.

1751-

Theft the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mt. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

WeSminster The Order of the Day being read, for re fuming the ad-

small Debts, journed Debate upon the Question Yesterday proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for the more feafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto) and foe making the said'Act more effectual, was committed, in the First Amendment, made by the said Committee to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the Call of the Hbufe, being House. read;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Thames Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-frilhery. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation and Improve -: ment of the Fishery within the River Thames, and Waters k of Medway.

Rejohedy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing of Robberies and Thefts, upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays, adjacent.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Robberies 00

navigable

Rivers.

Mercurii, 150 Anno 24° Georgii, IIdl Regis, 1751. Prayers.

A Message from A Mr. La

Dividing Parities in BiiftoL

Ludlow

Road.

Darlington

Road.

Newland'i

Mates.

Name,

Moyle’s

Estate.

the Lords, by Mr. Montague, and

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in the ' County of Glouyjler, and in the City and County of Bristol, and for erecting a Church in the new-intended Parish, without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, /in the County of Salop, through Woferton and Little Here-. ford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County,

and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place pr House called the Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford, without any Amendment: And also.

dividing the Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fens, in the Manor and Parish of Dunfby, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Farthing-for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common J}one Lclo-Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Paril|i urc* of Farthmgstone, in the County of Northampton, without ahyAmendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Roads leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late William Newland Esquire, deceased, in Gatton, Rigate, and Meajlbam, in the County of Surry, for discharging Incumbrances: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Stubblefield’s enablingRichard King Stubblefield Gentleman, and hislffue, to take arid use the Surname of King: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

r . - ‘

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuageand Lands in Suffolk, Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Moyle Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale towards the Purchase of another Estate, of greater Value, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the T hird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowft do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of George Barlow,

Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Part of his Estate, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

' L. last. After " Ules," to insert cc except as therein is €< excepted/*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Jo pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Bulow’f

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill, for the better Preservation of the Preservatioi Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ was of Game in read the Third time. ' Scotlatui*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hope Weir do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Butt Lane, The Lords have agreed po the Bill, intituled, An Act ___ ....

*fc. Roads, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of for vetting the undivided Moiety of divers Lands arid Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his present Ma- Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford, and

jetty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the . Derby, devised by the Will of Sarah Frowde Widow, de-jnoft Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton,ceased, in Ralph Bids Clerk, in Fee Simple, and for settling in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and, from ~ —

.. thence to Henfoall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County, and for making the said Act more effectual,

' without any Amendment: And also,

Dunfry . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ‘clc

Frowde1

Eftaw.

Iociosure.&c. for confirming Articles of Agreerjient for inclosing and

an entire Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse, Mr.- Vernon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. KynaJltnfKSir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hay, Sir

*John

24 Geo. II. i50 Mai^ 23

John Cust, Mr. Southwell, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Cooke,

Mr, Lyjler, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Warburton, Sir Charles Mer-daunt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fazakerley> Mr. Vaughan, Mr, Har-dinge, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tracy, Mr, Colleton, Lord Strange,

Mr. Wimmgton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Pitt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Harris, Mr. £00#*, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Hume, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Morton, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Htf?/<fy,.Mr. Fitfafe, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Myd-cdcton, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Barbor, Colonel jfiofcpwen, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Frederick, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Ellis,* Mr. Bodville, Sir William Cahert, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Stafford, Derby, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Expiring Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Laws. to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the mpre effectual punishing~

wicked and* evil disposed Persons, going armed, in Disguise, an$l doing Injuries and Violences to . the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; fof* continuing TwoClauses,to preventthe cutting or breaking down the Bank of any.River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hopbinds; fe r the more tffeftual Punish-xnent of Persons maliciouslyjetting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Delfof Coal, or Cannal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully-hunting, or taking any Red or Fallow Deei\ in Foresti, or Chafes, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other-j Officers, in Forests, Chafes, or Parks; fur granting a Li-

berty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, direct ly into foreign Parts, in-Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.; for preventing the committing ot Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Scorch from the British Colonies in Arne-ricai and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, in the City and Liberty of Westminster; is committed; That they have Power to receive i a Clause or Clauses for preventing Bankrupts obtaining

their Certificates in a fraudulent manner, and for admitting Letters of Attorney of Creditors of Bankrupts, reading in foreign Parts, to be sufficient Evidence for signing such Bankrupts Certificates.

Lawsrefpcft- Mr. Tracy presented to the House, according to Order,

ing High- a Bill to render more effectual the Laws in being for the way!* Repair of Highways, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

1

iawsrespect- Mr. Tracy presented to the House, according to Order, 0 iogTurnpike a Bill for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike is ^04ds’ &c‘ Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

African A Petition of David Crichton, late one of the Chief :*i Company. Agents 0? the Royal African Company of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That* by an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa); reciting, That the Petitioner had, with Two others of the said Company's Agents there, viz. Thomas Chalmer and James Craick, contrafted a Debt at Cape Coast Castle, of 1,400l. for and on behalf of the said Company, for the Support and Maintenancefof their Forts and Ser-yants; and that the Petitioner then flood charged in the

Vol. 26.

Custody of the Sheriffs of London, in Execution, on a Judgment given in the Court of King's Bench, at the Suit of one William Stead, for the Debt aforesaid, which, together with Costs of Suit, and Interest thereon, amounts, in the whole, to the Sum of 1,604/. 16s. 6d, it Was enacted,.

That the Petitioner should be forthwith discharged out of the Custody of the said Sheriffs, upoti the Petitioner giving a new Judgment to the said William Stead, for the said Sum of 1,604/. i6j. 6i. with Stay of Execution thereon,' for One Year, which was computed from the 17th Day of March 1749; and that the Petitioner entered into a Bond to the said William Stead, with Two Sureties, who were approved of by One of the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, in (double the Penalty of the said Sum of 1,604/. 16s. 6d> with which the Petitioner then flood charged in Custody, with Condition that the Petitioner would not withdraw himself out of England, but would always be ready, either in London or Middlesex, at the Expiration of the said Year, to be subject to any Process the said William Stead should think proper to take out against him; and that the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act to examine into the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company, and to report to the House their Opinion fcof the Justness and Reasonableness of such respective Debts, have, m their Report made to the House, allowed the said Sum of 1,604/. i6j. 6d, to be due and awing, from the said Royal African Company, to the said William Stead; and alleging. That, notwithstanding the said Debt is allowed to be due to the said William Stead, yet, the Time of the Petitioners Liberty being expired, , the Petitioner apprehends he is liable to be taken in Execution, and put in Prison, at the Suit of the said William Stead, whenever he shall think fit so to do: And therefore (inaf-mueh as the Affairs between the Royal African Company, and their Creditors, are now under the Consideration of the House, and the Petitioner's Securities are willing to continue bound for the Petitioner’s forth-coming) praying the House to take his same into their Consideration; and that the Time for the Petitioner’s surrendering himself to the said Execution, may be enlarged; or that the House will be pltafed to grant the Petitioner such Relief, as to the-House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed the last Session (intituled, An Act for extending.and im- ,

proving the Trade to Africa); and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England; and also the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bona fide Creditors of the said Company; and also the Papers which were presented to this House, upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa; are referred; and that they do examine and date to the House the Matters of Fast contained in this Petition, with their Observations thereupon.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing the High Roads, in the Edinburgh County of Edinburgh, leading to and from the City of Road8-Edinburgh, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing the High Roads, in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge, to the Town of ghieemferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Mitchell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Rufhout reported from the Committee, to Avon whom the Bill for the better regulating the Navigation of Navig»hon-the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and for ascertaining the 3 O Rate*

Duchy of Cornwall Leafing.

Duties on Linen Yarn,

234 150 Mali.'

Rates of Water Carriage, upon the said River, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; 2nd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Reynolds% according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further with regard to the Resolutions. which, upon Monday the 6th Day'of this Instant May, were recommitted; the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the several other Petitions relating to the British Manufacture of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen made in Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned and employed in the said Manufactory; were referred; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and afe as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 25th Day of March 1752, the Duties, now payable upon the Importation of foreign Linen Yam, shall ceale and determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of the said Duties, there be granted to his Majesty a Duty of One Penny for every Pound Weight, Upon all Raw or Brown foreign Linen Yarn, and also a Duty of Three pence for every Pound Weight of unwrought Incle, short Spinnel, and other whitened aijd bleached foreign Linen Yarns, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, after the said 25th Day of March 1752.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be carried to, and made Parc of, the Aggregate Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of the Duties and Revenues which were charged with several Annuities, and other Appropriations, the like Sum be charged upon the several Duties and Revenues, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, and made applicable to the same Uses and Purposes.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inferring, after the Words <c in lieu of the," the Words said former."

And thC same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, in lieu of the said former Duties and Revenues, which were charged with several Annuities, and *thef Appropriations, the like Sum be charged upon the several Duties and Revenues commonly called the Aggregate Fund, and made applicable to the same Uses and Purposes.

The House was moved. That the Three First Refohi-tions, which, upon Monday the 6th Day of this Instant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mat* nufafturers of striped and chequered Linens, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linen Manufactory in the Town and Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose, Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers of Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers within the said Town and Parish, and in the Parts adjacent; and also the several other Petitions relating to the British Manufacture of striped and chequered Linen, and of Linen mixed with Cotton; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linens made in Ireland\ whose Names are therunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned and employed in the said Manufactory; were referred; and which Resolutions were then agreed to by the House; might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read, accordingly $ and are as followeth; viz.

€t Resolved, That the Support and Encouragement of tc the British Manufactures of striped and chequered Linen,

" and Linen mixed with Cotton, is of great Importance " to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom. "

14 Resolved, That the Exports of the said Manufactures u have, of late Years, considerably decreased.

44 Resolved, That the permitting foreign Linen Yarn €i to be imported under a lower Duty, would put the cc British Manufacturers of Cheques and Stripes upon a <c more equal Footing with their Rivals, and enable them Cf to regain and enlarge their Export Trade."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions taft-rnentioned, and also the Resolutions this Day reported, as the same were agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Reynolds, the Lord Strange,

Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bold, Mr. West, and Mr. Shuttleworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being, read, for resuming the ad- Welhmnrter journed Debate,upon the Question proposed upon Monday Small Debti. tail, That the House do agree with the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto) and for making the said Act more effectual, was committed, in the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill;

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr Morton be added to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- ColonialBili solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the of Crcdlt* Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payment of Money;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Cifcrter, granted by King William and Queen Mary, in the Third Year of their Reign, to the Inhabitants of the Province of Massachusets Bay (which was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of January 1740) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

24 GEO. II. 15^ — \6 255

Mr. Speaker left^rhe Chair.'

Sir William Calvert took the^Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-nrujits thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That die Report be received upon Monday Morning iiext.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Robberies on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, DRmxs C rc^ve hfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays, adjacent.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i6° die Maii \

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

EUws°l> TV/fR* Bacon presentefl to the House, according to aws. Order, a Bill for continuing several Laws, therein

mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British-made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-mzdc Gunpowder: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kewlandi An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EfUtei. for Sale of the Estates of the late William NewlandECquire, deceased, in Gatton Rigatel and Meaftbam, in the County of Surry, for discharging Incumbrances, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Men, and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Golden The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Square Im- to enable the present and future Proprietors, and Inha-provement. bjtants^ of the Houses in Golden Square, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient for the better Inclosing, Paving, Enlightening, and Adorning of the said Square, and supporting and keeping of the feme in Repair, foF the future, without any Amendment: And also,

Bethnal The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Green for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, rwts‘ and other Passages, and regulating the nightly Watch and Bedels in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment: And also,

MenriesCoal The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Machine, for vesting, for a certain Term of Years, in Michael Menzies Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Machine, by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places where they arc dug, to the Heaps at the Mouths of the Pits ,* and, in some Cafes, from the Heaps to the Staiths, or Places where they are put on board Ships or Keels; without any Amendment: And also, lesfoid In- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act dosure. for impowering Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, to inclose Besford Commony in the County of Worcester, and for setting out and appointing proper Roads over the fame, and for charging the said Common with a perpetual yearly Rent, io lieu ofeertain Rights and Privileges, claimed by Vol. 26.

t,

James Cocks Esquire, as Lord Paramount of the Manor ' of Besford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl Fowls* establishing and confirming Articles entered into upon the Marriage Ar-Marriage of Henry Arthur, Earl of Powis, with Barbara, tlcles* Countess of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Staverton Io* the adjourned Debate upon the Question, proposed upon closure. Thursday the 9th Day of this Instant May, That the Bill, for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields within the Manor and Parirti of Stareton, otherwise Staverton, in the County of Northampton do pass, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till,

this Day Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill* for laying out, making, and keeping CarlifleRoadj in Repair, a Road, proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following^was proposed to be madd n

to the Bill; viz.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road, proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlifie to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Avon Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whon\ Navigation, the Bill for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick>

Worcester, and Gloucester, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River, was re-committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to One of them) agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stubblefield's for enabling 'Richard King Stubblefield Gentleman, and his Name. Jffue, to take and use the Surname of Kingy was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl Powis’ for establishing and confirming Articles entered into upon MarriageAr-the Marriage of Henry Arthur, Earl of Powisy with Bar- tic*cs# bara Countefe of Powisy his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A, Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, Distemper more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper, amongst which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this CaltIe-Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacony Mr, Mellish) Mr. Wilkmfoti) Mr. Tracy} Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Frederick,

byGoOgh

i$6 t v i6* — 170 Mail, A. 1751.

Frederick, Sir Jtobw Mordaunt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Vaughan, , ' Sir William Tonge, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Vyner, Sir Cust,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Torke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellozves, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Sir George Oxenden, Sir Francis Brake, Mr. Chester, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Turner, Mr. Morton, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Powney, Sir Cordei Firebrace\ and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Abbreviation ' A Bill for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term, was of iMichael- (according to Order) read a Second time, mas Teno. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Settling the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Kegeacy. refolvfe itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message to this House be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of* the Exchequer reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Duties on Ordered> That the Report from the Committee of the Tobacco. whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Securing of the Duties upon Tobacco was dommitted, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Robberies on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

navigable resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Rlvers‘ the Bill for the more effectual Preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays adjacent.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy I y° die Man;

Anno 24° Georgii Ildl Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

Earl of A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D£ft! th S ^or C0mP^etino the Sale of the Estate late of Francis

Scott, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, and for applying the Money arising the reby, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for impowering the Guardians of the Heir of the said late Earl, for the Time being, to makeLeafes of Ground and Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of such Heir; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. M'Kenzie, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bristol, Sir John Cust, Mr. Phillipjon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Alexander

Hume, Lord Limerick, Mr. Hill, Mr. Frederick* Lord Bowne, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fdlowes, Mr. Mel-lish, Mr. Hardinge, General Saint Clair, Mr. Sydenham,

Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. harbor, Mr. Wf&infon, Sir Richbrd Lloyd, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Budgen,"Sir Peter Warren, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Torke, Mr. Gray± Mr. Wilson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Poore, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Carmichael,

Mr. Palmer, Sir Walter Blackett, Lord Hiljborough, Mr,

Ellis, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Rushout,

Mr. Myddletoh, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. ChelvOynd, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pytts; and all the Mem- bers who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Lincoln, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Winchester ttie Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in the room of George Bridges Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Robberies, Preventing Burglaries, and other Outrages, within the City and Li- Robberies in bercy of Westminster, and the several Parishes and Places Westminster. adjoining thereto; and for the more effectual A pprehending and Convictirtg of Offenders within the Bills- of Mortality; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Alconbury and other Burgesses and Inhabitants, of the Town or Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, was pre- s* fented to the House, and read; alleging, That by the Powers proposed to be given to the Trustees, to be appointed by the Bill depending in the House (for enlarging the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royfton, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Toils taken at Saltree and Wansford Toil Gates may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton) to repair the Road from Stilton to Peterborough, out of the Monies arising by the Turnpikes of Wansford and Saltree,

Handing upon the great Northern Post Road, the Petitioners apprehend the Repairs of the said great Post Road will be neglected; and the Monies arising therefrom be applied to the Disadvantage of all Travellers thereon, and the Publick in general: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and give Leave, that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the Houfo, according to $urry Order, a Bill for making, widening, ana keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, *’* Newington, Saint George's Southwark, and Bermondfoy, in the County of Surry, and Lewifham, in the County of Kent:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

10 An

L.

24 GeOw II.

17° Mail. 237

Greenock An ingrossed Bill,- for fcvytog a Duty of Two Pen-Town and nies Scots, or a Sixth Part*)f a Penny Sterling, on every

Harbour. Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale,

brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Greenock, and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Finnart, and Liberties thereof in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part ojf a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Greenock, and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Finnart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire thtfir Concurrence.

Jobberies on OrderedThat the Order of the Day, for the House to navigable resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Kivcn. t^e £jj fQr t^e mofC effectnai Preventing of Robberies and.Thefts upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays adjacent, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calva't took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto \ which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ayon An ingrossed Bill* for the better regulating the Navi-Kifigation. gation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and for afc^rtaining the Rates of Water Carriage, upon the said River, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, providing that this Act shall not extend to give Liberty to any Person to keep a publick "Wharf, or to la*de or unlade any Goods between Evesham and Harrington Sluices, except for private Use.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to oblige the Occupiers of Mills to draw the Water for forwarding Barges up and down the River, upon Payment of a certain Sum.

And the same was twice read with a Blank, which was filled up.

And then the said Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, to oblige the Occupiers of Mills to draw' the Water for the Purpose of repairing any. Sluices or Engines belonging to the Navigation, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

And the same was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up.

And then the said Clause was read the Third time, and*

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to restrain Bargemen from drawing any Flood-Gates, Dams, or Sluices, without the Consent of the Owners.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Parc of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Vol. 26.

Another ingrossed Cliause was offered to be added t6 the Bill, providing that this Act shall not impeach any Contrafts between the Owners of the lower Part, and the Owners of the upper Part, of the said Navigation, nor determine any Leaies between the Owners of the Navigation and their Tenants.

And the same was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up.

And then the said Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon^ agreed to by the House, to Be made* Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick,

Worcester, and Gloucester, and forascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River.

Ordered, That Sir John Rufbout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Preventing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^r^-ncsAn the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in vires.2 the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries) as relates to the Attestation of Devises of real Estates, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole.

House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bat bur ft took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, That they-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning nexE.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bankrupt* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon: Creditors in the Bill for the better Relief of the Creditors of such Mer- Scotland; chants as shall become Bankrupts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for extending the Privileges of Bills of Exchange to Promissory Notes, and for limicirlg Actionsupon such Bills and Notes \ and for explaining Part: of an Act, of the 20th Year of his present Majesty, for taking away the Cafuaities of single and iLife-rent Eicheats* incurred in Scotland by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes; and for explaining an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1701, intituled, Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Duchy of . solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Cornwall the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies leafing, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his.

Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill. '

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itlclfintoa Committee of the whole. Settling the House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill, from the Regency. Lords, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should de--feend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

J 3 P Mr.

Alconbury Hill, &c. Roads*

Robberies on

Navigable

Rirer*.

Bulftrode’s

Elbte.

238

17° — 20° Mail.

A. 1751.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Commit fee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2o° die Mail;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur-

gefies, and other BurgefTcs, and Inhabitants, of the Town or Borough of Stamford/m the County of Lincoln, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition against the Bill depending in the House, for enlarging the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Roy ft on, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls taken Atftaltree and Wansford Toll Gates, may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported from efir* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill For the more effectual Preventing of Robberies and Thefts, upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, W harfs and Quays adjacent, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House -/and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout*, and then - a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pytts reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of the Estate lace of George Gardner Esquire, deceased; and for settling and disposing of the Lands belonging to Edward Bu/ftrode Esquire, upon the said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances, and for a Provision for himself and his Wife and Children, pursuant to.his Marriage Settlement; was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Bay Lies, of Evesham, in the County of Worcester> Gentleman, and also-the Petition of William Kettle, of Evesham, in the County, of Worcester, Grocer, and Richard Jew, of the same Place, Joiner; were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenc to the Bill, to the Satisfa<ftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and mad$ several Amendments thereunto j which they had diretfed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth viz.

Pr. 13. L. 41. Leave out££ other," and infat " Copy-

" hold and l^eafehold."

L. 44. After " Securities," itiferc " and herein €t after particularly mentioned and described."

Pr. 16. L. 6: Leave out, *‘and."

L. 7. After " Gentleman," insert u and <£ Samuel Rickards, of Perfhore, in the County of Wor~

" cester. Gentleman."

L. 22. Leave out "and," and after u Mitchell" insert, * and Samuel Rickards ."

Pr. 19. L. 1. Leave our<£ and, "and aftera Mitchell" insert, " and Samuel Rickards

Pr. 21. L. 19. Leave out " and, " and after " Mitchell" insert c< and Samuel Rickards" and after " the" insert c‘ Survivors or."

L. 34. After the first u the" insert c< Sur*

" vivors or."

Pr. 22. L. 15. Leave out "and,"and after "Mitchell" insert "and Samuel Rickards " and after u the" insert 4C Survivors or."

Pr. 23. L. 17. Leive out cc and."

L. 18. After Mitchell," insert "and Samuel *c Rickardsand after the tirlt C£ the" insert " Sur-£ vivors or."

Pr. 24. L. 19. Leave outC£ and, " and after " MitcheU" insert "and Samuel Rickards " and after the first " the" insert " Survivors or."

L. 25. " After <c declared" insert " that all €C that Close or Ground, with the Appurtenances, lying in the West Fields of Evesham, containing Ten Acres, or C£ thereabouts, some time in the Tenure ol Samuel Masters,

" alias Defmasters, and now of John Knight, formerly " divided into Three Parts, held lor the Remainder of " a Term of 1,890 Years, and now let together, at the cc yearly Rent of i wenty-four Pounds; and all that PastureGround, with the Appurtenances called the Oxneat±

" containing Seven Acres, with all Waters and Fishings " thereunto belonging, situate in the Manor, Lordships,

" and Precincts, of Evesham, Lencbwick, and Norton, in the County of Worcester, some or One of them held <c for the Remainder of a Term of 4,000 Years, now or £< lately let at Ten Pounds a Year; and all that Messuage " or Tenement situate in Aldington, in the County of <£ Worcester, together with the Edifices, Buildings, and " Appurtenances, thereto belonging, and also Twenty-<c four Acres of Arable Land, lying in the Fields of Al~

" dington, with-Common of Pasture thereto belonging,

" ana held for the Remainder of a Term of 2,000 Years, u and now let to Edward Dcrrill, at the Y'early Rent of C£ Ten Pounds; and all that Tythe Pulse of Aldington <c aforesaid, held by J^ease, from Christ Church College, in l£ Oxford, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, of which u there are now about Fifteen Years to come, and unex-£C pired, let to the said Edward Dorrill, at the yearly <c Rent of 7/. 4s. 6d.\ and all that Mdfuage, Tcne*

<£ ment, and Premises,-with the Appurtenances in Bewdly,

" in the said County of Worcester, formerly the Dwelling £< House of John Davis, being Copyhold of Inheritance,

held of the said Manor, and now iec in Tenements, at <c the yearly Rent of 261. 10 s. od.-, and all that other *4 Mdfuage or Tenement, being Copyhold oflnhericance, €i formerly called the Swan, and now divided into several " Tenements, one whereof is called the Three Tuns, held of the said Manor, now in the Tenure of Jacob Smith, " at the yearly Rent of 33 /. os. od.; and all that Customary Messuage or Tenement, and Half Yard Land, with their Appurtenances, in Wribbenhcdl, held of the Manor of Kidderminster Forren, formerly in the Te-<€ nure of John Davis, and now of Smith; and <£ also all that Customary Mdfuage or Tenement, with " the Appurtenances, in Trimpley, held of the Manor aforesaid, formerly in the Tenure of the said John Davis, " and now of Smith, at the yearly Rent of 45 /. 14 os. od.; and all that the Reversion, or Reversionary u Interest, of him the said Edward Bulftrqde, expectant " on the Death of the said Alice and Anna Davis, Lupaticks, of and in the aforesaid Mdfuages, Farms, Lands, <£ Tenements, and Hereditaments, so allotted and ap-£t pointed, as their specifick Parts and Siiares in and by

the

24 Geo. II. 16° MaiL - 13d

the said Partition, and vetted in them by this Act, and now or late in the several Tenures or Occupations of " Benjamin Symends, Joseph Crump, Elizabeth Roberts, '4< and others, at the yearly Rent of 65/. ijj. Zd. 5 and all that Moiety of 56 Messuages, Tenements, Gardens,

" and Premises, in Camp den, in the County of Gloucester,

14 and heretofore let by Leases for Lives, or long Terms of Years, all which said Leases are now, or near, expired,

44 and the said Premises are now in the Possession or Oc-4C cupacion of several Persons at several yearly Rents,. 44 amounting in the whole to the yearly Sum of 200/*

44 and upwards; and which said Copyhold and Leafchold 41 Premises, herein last before mentioned and described, 44 are not, nor is any Part thereof, comprised in the said Marriage-Settlement, or in the said Partition, with their and every of their Appurtenances, shall, from and after the said First Day of June 1751, be settled upon, and vetted in, the said Edward Bourchier, James Mitchell, and Samuel Rickards, their Heirs, Executors, 44 Administrators, and Assigns, respectively, according z 4C to the Nature and Quality of the said several Eftaces respectively; and."

Pr. 24, L. 26. Leave out and, " and, after 44 MB- chell" insert "and Samuel Rickardsand after 44the" insert Survivors or."

L. 27. After Heirs" insert Executors or Administrators."

L. 29. After 44(land" insert be possessed;" and after 44 in" insert " the said Copyhold and Leafchold Premises hereinbefore mentioned and described; and also of and in."

Pr. 26. L. 12. Leave out and."

L. 13. After Mitchell" insert and Samuel Rickards

L. 15. Leave Out 4‘and$" and after Mit- cheir insert and Samuel Rickards and after the"

insert Survivors or."

L. 30. Leave out from annexed" to and"

in L. 32,

L. 35. Leave out 4*and."

L. 36. After Mitchell" insert and Samuel u Rickards;" and after 41 the" insert "Survivors or."

Pr. 27. L. 8. Leave out and j" and after Mitchell insert and Samuel Rickards.}’ and after the" insert Survivors or."

L. 29. Leave out44and;" and after Mitchell" insert and Samuel Rickards and after the" insert .44 Survivors or."

Pr. 28. L. 5. Leave out and."

L. 6. After 44 MBcheir insert and Samuel tc Rickards

L. 16. Leave out44and;" and after Mitchell" insert and Samuel Rickards."

The said Amendments,'being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Stubblefield’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, for enabling Richard King Stubblefield Gentleman, and his . Issue, to take and use the Surname of King, was read a . Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winning-. ten, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Qf-wald, Lord Parker, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Alftone, Lord Strange, Mr. Bury, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

- Mellish, Sir John Cust, Mr. Harrison, Sir Nathanael v Curzon, Mr. Lamb, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Barbor, Sir . Thomas Robinson, Mr. Pytls, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who lerve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon ai Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the VOL. 26,

Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Scotland, at- Accohnts of tended at the Door; Imports and

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Exports of House, pursuant to their Orders, tot an

An Accounc of the Value of Goods exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to his Majesty’s Northern Colonies, distinguishing each Colony, from Christmas 1738 to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of Goods exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1738 to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Accounc of the Amount of the several Duties of Excise paid on Rum imported into Scotland, for Seven Years last pad: 'And also,

An Account of all Sugar imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1730, distinguishing each Year, and what Quantity was foreign Prize Sugar: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cambricks imported into, and exported out of, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1727 to Christmas 1744, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Accounc of Bonds given, with the Naqnes of the Persons by whom such Bonds are given, for the Re-exportation of Cambricks, in that Part of Great Britain cabled Scotland, from the 8th Day of February 1749-50 to the 19th Day of March 1750-51, shewing how many of the said Bonds are discharged in F ull or in Part, and distinguishing the Quantities of Cambricks re-exported in that time, against the respective Bonds so discharged ini Whole or in Part: And also.

An Account of the Duties paid on all white or bleached Linen Yarn, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, called unwrought Incle and short Spinnel, for Ten Years, ending at Christmas 1750, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Trentbam reported from the Committee, so Westminster whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Small Debts, last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Parc of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto 5 and for making the said Act more effectual; was re-commitced; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend menes, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b$ in-_ grossed.

Mr. Reynolds presented to the House, according to Duties oa Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon Linea Yan* foreign Linen Yarns;^and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee/ to Mamifa&are whom the Petition of the Agents for several of the BrBtfh of Pot and Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither, Pearl Soapmakers, Dry-Salters, Whiffters, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition «of 13 Thomas

240

so* Mail

J. 1751.

Manufacture of Pot and Pearl Afties.

Thomas Stephens; were severally referred; That the Commitcee had examined the Matters of Fact contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. tJpon the first-menrioned Petition,

Mr. Cadwallader Coker, Soapmaker, said. That great Quantities of Pot-allies are used in the soft Soap and Dying Trade; and also by the Whitfters of Cloth and Yarn; and that great Quantities of soft Soap are used in the Woollen Manufacture:

That the Quantity of the best Pot-alh used in a Barrel of Soap is 56 Pounds Weight, which Barrel of Soap weighs 256 Pounds; and that, within these Ten Years, Pot-allies arc advanced 50 per Cent.; that Pot-allies are extremely scarce at present, there being not above 50 Ton in the Merchants Warehouses; and that there used to be between 1,500 and 2,000 Tons; that the same Quantity of fine Allies do not come from Russia that uled to do: That there are Three Sorts of Allies imported; one from Russia, another from East Country, and a Third Sort from Naples; that the Price of English Allies has rofc within these Ten Years from about 16/. to 25 /. per Ton.

Mr. William James, Soapmaker, said, That annually about 1,600 Vats (which is about 800 Ton) of the best Russia Allies are consumed in the Making of Soft Soap; that the Czarina contrails with particular Merchants here, and none are imported from Russia but by them: 1 That the Second Sort of Pot-allies comes, from Riga, Conningsburgh, and Dantzick; these go under the Denomination of East Country Allies; and that, for the Two last Years, about 500 Ton each Year was imported:

That the Third Sort comes from Naples; of these not above 120 Ton per Arm. are consumed in England; and that none are used but in the Manufacture of soft Soap: That in February 1743 the'belt Russia Allies were only 35I. per Ton; but that ever since they have gradually advanced, and are now worth 55/. per Tonand that the Witness would be glad to have them et that Price, as there are not above 50 Tons at present in the Merchants Hands; and that upwards of 1,400 Tons are used per Annum in the Manufacture of loft Soap, all which are paid for in Specie: and that it is very apparent, the Manufacture of soft Soap mull be at a Stand, and, in conference thereof, the Woollen Manufacture, if more Allies are not imported this Year than the Merchants expect: That the Second Sort, or East Country Allies, which used to be about 10/. per Ton less than the best Russia, the Merchants say, cannot now be imported under 42 L a Ton:

That the Third Sort, or Naples Allies, are now worth about 40 /. per Ton; that they advanced 6 /. per Ton the last Sale:

And being asked. What the Duty on Pot-allies were ? He said, 6 s. 2 d. and 9-ioths of a Penny for every Hundred Pounds; and that it is the same on all Species of Pot-allies:

That at present One Merchant imports all the Russia Allies:

And being alked. To what he attributed the Advance upon the Pot-ashes ? He said. They are told by the Merchants, that it is owing to the Woods being burnt y but that, in his Opinion, it is owing to the unlimited Orders the Dutch, French, and Flemings have, to buy the East Country Allies:

That there has been of late much greater Demands by the French, Flemish, and Dutch Markets, for East Country Allies, than usual:

And that in England there used to be 15 or t,6oo Ton of East Country Allies (exclusive of the Russia) and now there is none at all:

And being alked, If English Allies would not make loft Soap? He said. He apprehended a small Proportion of English Allies are necessary, and rather make the Soap better, as they soften it, and if it was made of all Russia

Pot-alh it would be too hard } tHat the Price of English Afties now is 25 /. a Ton, and of Russia 55 /.; that they generally rife and fall in Proportion.

Mr. Houghmani Broker, being alked, What Quantity of English Allies are annually consumed in the Soap Manufacture ? He said about aoo Tons:

And being alked. What Quantity of Pearl Allies are used in England? He said, About 500 Ton per Annum, for which we now give 36 /. a Ton; and that about §even Years ago they used to be 30 and 32/. a Ton; that we import them from the North, Dantzick, Riga, Germany, and Uamborough\ that they are chiefly used by the Whitfters and Dyers.

Colonel Williams said, That he knows New York, Connecticut > and Massachusets; that there are great Quantities of Wood of various Kinds in chose Countries.

And Mr. Houghman being alked, What fort of Wood was proper for making Pot-allies of? said. That all Wood is made use of without DistinClion.

Colonel Williams being alked, What the Price of Labour was in those Places he had mentioned ? said, That, at a Medium, the Labour in Summer was from \%d. to 20 d. and in Winter from 14 d. to 16 d.:

That about Five Years ago, when the Witness was abroad, he, with some other Gentlemen, made about Ten Barrels of Pot-alh,. which they sent over to Bristol; and they received an Account from the Merchants, to whom they sent it, that it was a middling Sort; and the Reason they proceeded no further, was on Account of the Duty: -

And being alked, If the Duty had been taken off, he thought the People they employed had Skill to have improved it

He said. If the Duty had been taken off, they should have continued it: That the Wood, of which ic was made, was taken promiscuously:

And being alked, What those Allies fold for ? He said. He never heard:

And being alked, What Price he thought it might be afforded at ? He said. He could not tell.

Mr. James said. That, about Five or Six Years ago, he had received Pot-allies from New York, but they were not. so good as the East Country Allies; but if they had been well made they would have been good enough.

Mr. Michael impey said, He received about 8 Cwt. of Allies from Pensilvania in the Year 1735; and though they were not so good as the Russia, yet they were very good; and they cost him 30s. a Hundred, and the best Russia then were 36 s. y that he thought them as good as the East Country Allies.

Mr. James Abercrombie said, He had lived in Carolina; and that there are great' Quantities of Materials for making Pot-allies there:

And being alked, If he thought the Price of Labour such, that (if the Duty was taken off) People could make them there with Success ? He said, He had heard People had made Pot-allies there; but, on account of the Price of Labour, and the Duty, had left it off.

Mr. Robert Dinwiddle said, There is Wood enough in Virginia, Maryland, and Pensilvania, to make Pot-allies; but he has heard the People there complain of the high Duty upon Allies, which prevented them undertaking it; but said. He believed the Want of Skill to be as great an Hinderance to the Making it as the Duty is.

Mr. Bejwich confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Dinwiddle.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Stevens,

Mr. James said, That the Value of the Pot-allies imported in the Year 1750, used only in Soap, was 69,560/. which we pay for in Specie:

lhat the Witness has seen some of Mr. Stepbeni'% Allies, but that he does not think them so good as the best. Russia Allies by 7 s. a Hundred; but they are cleaner than the Riga (or Second Russia) Afties, and therefore better; that if we had Plenty of Mr. Stephens's Allies here, we should want none from Russia, as they would answer all the Ends of Russia Allies:

That

t

24 Geo. II.

That the Reafori Russia Allies are made use of, is not that they make better Soap, but they are richer Ashes, and will go farther; and that phe Witness believed, they had a Secret in making them in Russia; ?nd if we had East Country Ashes enough we should use no Russia:

That if the Witness was to make Soap for his Reputation, he would not make it from Ruffin, but from East Country Allies; that the Quality of the Salt is the same in the East Country Ashes as the Ruffiia:

That the Witness had seen all the several Sorts of Ashes that had come into England these Ten Years: and that Mr. Stephens's comes nearer the East Country Ashes than any other Ashes do.

Mr. Coker laid. He had seen Mr. Stephens's Pot-ashes; that he thinks them very good, and equal to the East Country; and that they would make good foftSoap; but that the Salt is not so rich as in the best Russia Allies; and he values them about 7 s. a Hundred less.

DoCtor Mitchell, being asked the Question, said, He thought there was not much Mystery in making Pot-ashes; and he believed, the Reason they do not make them in America is owing to the Price of Labour, and the Duty upon them; that the knowledge he has of the Art of making them is from Books and Experience; that he had made some in Virginia; and that, after he returned to England, he endeavoured to get the best Information about them he could from Sweden or Rtffia; that he had published five or six different Ways of make-ing Pot-ashes, but that he believes there may be other Ways; that the Witness had made 20, 30, or 40 Cwt. at a time, and believed them very good; but that he' kept no Account of the Expence of making them:

And being asked, If Fern would not make Pot-ashes ? he said, It would: but they are not near so good as Wood-ashes; for that in 1749, the Ashes made from Fern fold from 16 to 20s. a Hundred, and the Ashes xnade from Wood fold for 40 s.

Then Mr. Crockatt produced to your Committee a Parcel of Pearl Allies; which were shewn to several Persons present (killed therein, and who said they were very good of the Kind:

Mr. Crockatt said. That Mr. Stephens was the Person who made those Ashes he had produced; and that he had, before shewn them to several Persons in Trade, who had approved of them; and that he had fold them within 1 s. per Cwt. of the Price of the best Pearl Ashes that were then in London, and he never heard of any Complaint of them, and from that he concludes they were good.

Mr. Ehotnas, a Dry-Salter, who had bought Three or Four Calks of Mr. Stephens's Pearl-allies, said, They were very good, and not inferior to any others; that he fold them to the Whitfters, and had no Complaint of them; and that if more’ were to be brought, he should buy them again, and would give as much for tjlem as for any other PearL-ashes.

Mr. Crockatt said. He was convinced, if the Duty was taken off, it would encourage People to go on with the making them in South Carolina; that he knows the People there would have given Mr. Stephens a Reward to have instructed them in making Ashes, if the Duty had been taken off, and that they were in Treaty with Mr. Stephens about it; that he apprehended Mr. Stephens had a particular Art in making Pot and Pearl-ashes, which made them offer him a Reward:

That he knows Mr. Stephens has been at great Study, Labour, and Expence, in bringing his Method of making Ashes to Perfection:

That the Witness knew one Captain Hanning, who left off being Captain of a Ship in order to go to Carolina to make Pot-ashes:

That he accordingly followed the Making of them for Two or Three Years, and made several Thousand Weight; thataGentleman in London was concerned with him, and they loft a great deal of Money in the Undertaking:

That he did not know what their Ashes fold for, but that they were not near lb good as Mr. Stephens's:

Vol. 26*

241

And being asked, Why they left off the Trade? he said, He apprehended because they loft Money by it, which was owing to the high Duty, and want of Skill; but that, if they had had good Skill, he thinks they might have bore the Duty:

And being asked, What was the Price of Labour in South Carolina? he said, He could at any time hire a Negro for a Year at 50/. that Currency, which is about 7/. Sterling; but, besides that, you find him Victuals, which is about 20s. a Year more; that he has made a Computation, and that you will gain by each Negro 15 or 18/. Sterling per Annum:

And being asked, If he thought Negroes could make Ash ? belaid, They could do the laborious Part, which is the chief; that he was convinced, if the Secret of making Ashes was known in America, and the Duty taken off, it would reduce foreign Pot-ashes; and that he believes, if they had made them for a while, and was once (killed therein, they might be able to pay the Duty.

Mr. Houghman said, That he had consulted the Merchants who deal in foreign Pot-ashes; and that they say, they should be glad to fee an Encouragement given to bringing over Pot-ashes from America, for they were afraid they should not get Ashes enough to supply the several Manufactures.

Mr. Stephens said, He was willing to discover his Method of making Pot and Pearl-afh in his Majesty’s Colonies in America, upon such Encouragement as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Dealers in To- Duties on bacco, in the Port of Whitehaven, was presented to the Tobacco* House, arid read; setting forth. That a Trade hath been Carried on from* the said Place to Virginia and Maryland, and other British Colonies in America, as early as from most other Parts of the Kingdom, by exporting Woollen, and other British Manufactures, and, in Return, importing Tobacco, and other Products of those Colonies; and ch3t the Petitioners think themselves enabled to fell Tobacco at as low a Price within their own Neighbourhood as any other fair Dealers whatsoever; but that nevertheless they find themselves almost wholly excluded from the inland Trade, by the great Increase, of late, of clandestine Dealers from distant Paris, who fell their Tobacco for little more than the Duties amount to,especially since the late additional Duty of Five per Cent. hath enabled them to extend their Land Carriage to remote Parrs in Great Britain, and also to undersell the Petitioners in foreign Markets, to the great Detriment of his Majesty’s Revenues, and Discouragement of the fair Traders in this Commodity: And therefore praying. That the House, taking the Premifesinto Consideration, would vouchsafe to grant a suitable Redress to the above-mentioned Grievances, either by lowering the Duties (which is the only effectual 3 Method)

20° Mau.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Abbreviation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Michaei-upon the Bill for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term, masTerra* be now read:

And the ijiid Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Sir John Cust took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Cujl reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

L;wsrefpf&-ing Highway*.

Sett'ing the Regency.

242

20° Maii.

j. 1751.

Method) or putting the same under an Inspection by the present Inland Officers, or by such other Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to render more effectual the Laws in being for the Repair of Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Ihurjday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according toOrder, reponed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should defeend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianffiip of their Persons; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. L. lad After " Council" insertc< and, in case ct there shall be a Parliament in being, at the Time of " such Descent, which shall have met and fat, but the " same happens to be separated by Adjournment or Prorogation, such Parliament shall, immediately after such " Descent, meet, convene, fit, and aft, notwithstanding <c such Adjournment or Prorogation; and in case, at the u Time of such Descent, there shall be no Parliament in if being, which shall have met and fat, then the lad preceding Parliament shall immediately convene, and fit at " Westmiujler, and be a Parliament, to continue for Three " Years as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes as if the c same had never been dissolved; unless such Successor " shall sooner attain his or her Age of Eighteen Years, " or such Parliament shall be sooner dissolved by her said ct Royal Highness, with such Confentas lad mentioned."

Pr. 13. L. 5. Leave out " Acts."

L. 7. After "Order" insert " unlawfully."

The Fird Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time:

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out all the Words therein from the Beginning to the Words " and in case, at the " Time of such Descent

The House was moved. That the 4th and 5th Sections of an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line) might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out dancl Part of the said Amendment;

Jc passed in the Negative,

Then the said Amendment, thus amended, was, upon the Quedion put thereupon,agreed to by the House; apd is as followeth; viz.

" — and in case, at the Time of such Descent, there " shall be no Parliament in being, which shall have met <l and fat, then the lad preceding Parliament shall imme-«c diately convene, and fit, at Westminser, and be a Parliament, to continue for Three Years as aforesaid, to all " Intents and Purposes as if the same had never been dissolved; unless such Successor shall sooner attain his or

<€ her Age 6f Eighteen YeirS, or such Parliament shall " be sooner dissolved by her said Royal Highness, with " such Consent as last mentioned."

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill with the Amendments do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments:

To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr,

Montague:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Bill for alter-this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating lnS the Style, the Commencement of the Year; and for correcting the Calendar now in Use: And ailb,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by *^xJelI’s this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir ate* William Maxwell> of Monreith, Baronet, or other Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to fell Lands, in the County of Wigtown) for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scorch Linen for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, passed ^‘lensufac* in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland; and for further regulating and encouraging the said Manufactures; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord Kill-Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lord Viscount

Killmorey, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage-Settlement; and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Soefdyk,s naturalizing Philip Jacoby Baron de Soejdyk Van Cloon, Nac’

Lord of Rhynwyck: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for na- &c*

turalizing John Iugla and Stephen Cogigian: To which the at' Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the more effectual Preservation of the Turn- Lawsrespect-pike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time. ways.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkin-Jon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Cooke, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Winning--tGn, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Neale, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bayntunj Mr, Butler, Mr.

Mellijhy Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hay, General Oglethorpe, Mr.

West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Balburjl, Sir William Calvert,

Mr. Poore, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Gy bbon, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Elds, Mr. Newnham, Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Turner, Admiral Knowles, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Sir John Turner, Colonel Haldane, Mr.

Offley, Mr. Kynaston% Mr. Flumptre, Mr. Gildart, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir John Cujl: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Duchy of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Cornwall House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to make LeafinS- ’ Leases,

24 Geo. II*

Leaks, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the lame.

Preventing Mr. Eathurst, according to Order, reported from the Frauds in Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ex-attding plain and amend so much of an Act, made in the 29th

evi Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled.

An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries) as relates to the Attestacion of Devises of real Estates, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one;

» and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Office of Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Two Coroner. Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner.

Ways and Rejvlvedy That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-Means. ing |]ext, resolve itfcff into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Colonial Bills Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the of Credit, whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majest>'s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hamp fa ire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payment of Money, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Duties on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Tobacco. whole House, to whom the Bill for the more eflxftual securing of the Duties upon Tobacco was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, T1 iat Mr. Offiey have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Lord And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Rillmorey’s Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lord Ellate, Viscount Ktllmorey, for raising Money to discharge the

Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage-Settlement; and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Life s of the said Settlement; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is ,2i°;

Anno 24° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

Greenwich A BILL to render all Contrafts and Agreements, which Hospiul. shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors

of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or towards the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual; and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Harainge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Poor, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Powney, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lyjfer, Lord

Vol. 26.

2-4

Strange, Sir John Barnard, ML Prdwfe, Mr. Ldmb, Sir John Cust, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Wxnnington, Mr;

Claytony Sir John Turnery Mr. Lyttletony Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Parker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gwymi,

Lord Barringtony Mr. Pytts, Mr. Villiers, Admiral R.ow'ey,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gafhry, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Phil-Ifpjony Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Kynajlvn> Lord Coke,

Mr. Bold, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Paimer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Thornton, Wv. Bacon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, EJftXy Suffix 5 and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making, widening, and keeping in Repair; Surry several Roads in the several Pari foes of Lambeth\ New- R°acts* . ington, St. George's Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kentt was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Geo. Lyttleton, Mr. Lamb, Mr. Townfoend, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Tor he, Lord Trentham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Budgen%

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Lyfler, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Poor, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Phil-lipJcHy Mr. Colleton, Lord Geo. Sackvilky Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr.

Cooke, Lord Egmount, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Rolhfon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Clev-land, Mr. Fairfax, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pottery Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Winn ington, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Strange, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Mitchell, Mr. Edwin, Sir John Turner, Mr. Medlicot, Sir John Cust, Lord Coke, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Pytts,

Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Bold, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Hill, Sir John Barnard, Mr.

Fitly Sir Ken. Clayton, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Peter Warren, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Salusbury; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Kent, SuffiXy Southampton, the Cinque Ports; and for the City of London, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom Michels the ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Will, the better effrfting the Purposes mentioned in the Will of John Michely late of Richmond, in the County of Surry,

Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit and Advantage of Queen'* College, in the University of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenc to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee , and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bulftrode’s for confirming a Partition of the Estate late of George tliate. Gardner Esquire, deceased; and for settling and disposing of the Lands belonging to Edward Bulftrode Esquire, upon the said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances; and for a Provision for himself, and his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage-Settlement; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pytts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord-ill ips.

A Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon so- Duties on reign Linen Yarns; and for granting other Duties in Lieu Linen Yams, thereof $ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolvedy

2 o° — 210 Mali.

244

2i° Mail.

A. 1751.

Refcked, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve icltlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

New land’s An ingrossed Bill fi om the Lords, intituled, An Act Ertjucs. for Sale of the Effaces of the late William Newland Esquire, deceased, in Gatton, Rigate, and Meajlham, in the County of Surry, for discharging Incumbrances, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Budgen, Mr. Hay, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Powney, Mr. Lamb, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gray, Sir William Yonge, Lord Strange, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hill, Mr. £///>, Mr. Ph.my, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Poore, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Nathanael CurzGH, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Henley, Colonel Haldane, Sir Cujl, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Clayton, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Trentham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Pf//, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Wation, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Powney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of 6’«rry, SuJ[ex,zn& Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Tellers for the Yeas,

put,

So.

ss.

&.in Icrupts Creditors in Scotland.

Ditemper

amongst

Cattle.

A’conbury

Hill, *tc. Roads.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief of* the Creditors of such Merchants as shall become Bankrupts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for extending the Privileges -of Bills of Exchange to Promissory Notes; and for limiting Actions upon such Bills and Notes; and for explaining Part of n.n Act, of the 20th Year of his present Majesty, for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-Rent Escheat>, incurred in Scotland by Horning and Denunciation for civil Causes; and for explaining an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1701, intituled. Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and again (I undue Delays in Trials.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, more efredually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to explain and amend the said Laws.

The Lord Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging of the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royfton, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Fridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls, taken at Saltree and Wandsford Toll-Gates, may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of divers Inhabitants, Land-Owners, and Occupiers of Lands in the several Par'.lhes of Sautry Moigne, Sautry St. Andrew, and Sautry St. Judith, on the behalf of themselves, and several other adjacent Villages adjoining to the great North Road, leading from Alconbury White Pofi to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, to them referred; and had heard the Petitioners by themselves upon their Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which

A Motion was made, and the Question being That the said Report be now read;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

|Mr. Lambe, }

I Mr, Winn:?:gton: 3

Tellers for the Noes, {}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the said Report was read accordingly:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the lad Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment (being a Clause added by the Committee to the said Bill) being read a Second time, an Amendment was made by the House to the said Clause.

And another Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Clause;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual securing of the Duties upon Tobacco was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be re-commitied;

It passed in the Negitive.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (A), were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause (A), and also Clauses (B) and (C), the Three next Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

Clause (D), the next Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

Clause (E), the next Amendment, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause being offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Importers and Purchasers of Tobacco to rake out Certificates for conveying the same by Land from the Place of Importation;

The same was brought up, and once read:

And the House being informed, that Two Persons attended at the Door, who could give the House some Information, relative to the Subject Matter of the said Clause;

They were called in.

And the said Clause was read a Second time:

And the said Two Persons were heard and examined.

And then they withdrew.

And the Blanks in the said Clause were filled up; and the said Clause was amended:

And then the Lid Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that all Tobacco and Snuff, exceeding a certain Quantity, carried by Land in any Hog (he ad, or other Package, shall be marked on the Outside.

10 And

Duties on T oL»cw.

24 Geo. II,

2i° M

And the same was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for continuing so much of an Act of the 12th Year of Queen Ame^ as relates to the putting of Tobacco into Ware-houses:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

The postponed Amendments being again severally read,kwere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to each of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Settling the The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Regency. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should defeend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons: And also,

LmdChed- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for worth’s enabling the Right Honourable John Lhynne Lord Ched-ElUtes, &c. worth to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker Spinster, upon their Intermarriage; and for making Provision for their younger Children; and for explaining the Will of Sir Philip Parker Long Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Lhyrme Lord Chedworih to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker Spinster, jupon their Intermarriage; and for making Provision for their younger Children; and for explaining the Will of Sir Philip Parker Long Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First: time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

African M r. Dowdeswellreported from the Committee, to whom

Company, -the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed the last Session (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa); and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England; and also the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bond side Creditors of the said Company; and also the Papers, which were presented to this House upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa; and also the Petidon of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on behalf of themselves, and the said Company; and also the Petition of Claude Aubert, of London, Merchant, on behalf of John and Anthony Allut; and also the Petition of Alexander Grant and Richard Ofw aid, of London, Merchants, for themselves, and Company; and also the Petition of Jonathan Brace-, bridge; and also the Petition of David Crichton, late one t>f the Chief Agents of the Royal African Company of England; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fa& contained in the said Report, . Papers, and itveral Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House, together with their Vot. 2.6.

Observarions upon so many of* the said Matters as they were directed by the House to make their Observations upon; and he read the Report in hisPlace; and afterwards delivered the same (together with an Appendix thereto) in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Reporc was read.

The said Report and Appendix are as followeth; viz.

As the Petition of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on behalf of themselves, and the said Company, which complains of the Refusal of the Royal African Company of England to confirm the Agents, Factors, and Writers, appointed by the Committee of the said Company of Merchants, appeared to your Committee of the utmost Consequence, they thought it their Duty to enter immediately into the Examination of the Disputes between the Old Company and the Committee of the New Company; and, after several Examinations in regard thereto, and Propofals reciprocally made, the Two Parties at Length produced to your Committee Articles of Agreement, in which both Companies acquiesced, and declared themselves mutually satisfied.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the following Paragraph, in Captain Pye*s Letter to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 18 th of March 1749 j viz.

" I should think I did not execute the Confidence re-posed in me by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, did I not represent every Circumstance I thought essential for the publick Good; and must therefore declare to have heard a Gentleman, late one of the ChiefAgents at Cape Coast Castle, and esteemed a Man of Veracity, say. That he can prove the African Company to be Debtor to the Forts and Settlements near Fourscore thousand Pounds, out of the Monies granted at different Times by Parliament for the Maintenance and Support of the said Forts and Settlements." And, Captain Pye, being examined, informed your Committee, That he received the said Information from Mr.

\Thomas Chalmer; whereupon your Committee examined the said

Mr. Chalmer; who said, He had lived many Years at Cape Coast Castle, partly as Fafbor, and partly as Chief Agent for the Royal African Company; and he produced a Book, which he said was a Copy of the Account Current of the said Company, according to their General Books of Accounts kept at Cape Coast Castle, from the First Day of January 1736-7, to the 31st Day of December 1748; and he said, that this was the Paper on which he founded the Information he had given to Captain Pye:

And it appeared to your Committee, that, during the said Period, Why dab was separated from the Government of Cape Coast Castle for the Space of Six Years; and that he knew nothing of what Supplies were sent to fVbydab in the said Six Years, and nothing at all of what was sent to Gambia at any Time, so that his Evidence appeared to your Committee not sufficient to charge the Company with the Matcter contained in the said Paragraph.

Your Committee then proceeded to consider the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session:

And, in going through the Remark on N° 2. observed, that the Commissioners have stated specially several considerable Sums in African Trust Stock, and in Money* which Charles Hayes Esquire, hath received of the Company: and so much of the said Remark, as related to the said Mr. Hayes, being read, your Committee received from Mr. Hayes a State of His Cafe, which is hereunto annexed in the Appendix N° 1.; and Mr. Hayes was examined; and your Committee observe, That the said Charles Hayes Esquire hath sworn before the Commissioners, that the whole Produce of the 5,000l. Trust Stock, so transferred to him, was by him disbursed or applied for the Service of the Company; and that the several Sums of 210/. and 3,6411, is. 11 d. were expended by him, at different Times, in the Service of the Company:

3 R And

African

Company.

And your Committee find, That the said Services were in getting the best Information he could upon the Powers of the Company, and searching Records, and advising with Counsel thereupon, and in making the first, and the several subsequent Applications for a, Parliamentary Allowance, for the Support of their Forts and Settlements, and defraying several other necessary Expences relating thereto; and your Committee also observe. That, from the Nature of the Service, there must have arose very considerable Expences; and your Committee also observe, that the Paid Company hath never called Mr. Hayes to give an Account of the Particulars; and as for the 800l. which Henry Parjons Esquire, owed to the Company, at the Time of his Death, for 2,000l. Trust Stock, and which was discharged by a Transfer made by the said Charles Hayes, of 2,000l. Stock, together with a Dividend of 101, per Cent. on the fame, at a Time when the Market Price of African Stock was but 10/. per Cent.

Your Committee observe, That the said Charles Hayes hath sworn before the Commissioners, that he was no ways interested therein, or had any Benefit thereby; that the said Henry Parjons remained, at the Time of his Death, justly and truly indebted to the Company, in the Sum of 800l. for the said 2,000l. Stock; and that he the said Charles Hayes was a Trustee for the said Henry Parjons, for the Sum of 2,0001. Stock; and that, having that Sum in the Name of John Tyjoe, he directed the same to be transferred by him to the Trustees, in Satisfaction of the said Sum of 800l. which ought to have been paid by the said Henry Parjons*, from all which Circumstances your Committee beg leave to observe, That there is Efficient Ground ro believe, that the Value of the said 5,000l. African Stock, and the said Sums of 21c/. and 3,641 /. is. 11A. so received by him, were, bond side, expended by him in the Service of the Company; and that the said Charles Hayes Esquire, hath discharged himself of the said Sum of 800l. which was truly owing by Henry Parjons Esquire, deceased.

And the Commissioners having stated, that under the said N° 2. 40,785/. 13 s. 6id. is due from the Company, on Bonds and other Securities, carrying Interest, on which a valuable Consideration was paid to the Company, in Money* or by Goods fold and delivered to them, or which were purchased by, or deposited with, the Claimants, or were issued for Salaries or Wages due to the Company’s Officers and Servants, or for Sailors Wage?;

.. Your Committee thought it necessary to examine Mr. Pojllethwaiie, Accomptant to the said Commissioners, thereupon;

Who said, That it did appear to the Commissioners, on examining the Books of the Creditors, that they fold their Goods to the Company, at the same Price as toother Persons of good Credit; and that this was the Refuk of their Enquiry, in every Cafe.

And this being the Cafe, no Reason appeared to the Committee, why the Sum contained in that Number should not be allowed.

And your Committee then proceeded to consider the Sum of 9,461/. is. 2-1 d. contained under N°. 3.; and the Sum of 8,391 /. 15 s. 5 d. contained under N°. 4.; and no Reason appeared to your Committee, why they likewise should not be allowed.

' Your Committee then proceeded to consider the Sum of 8,788/, 9 s. 8 d. contained under N°. 5. and the Sum of 10,447 /. 15s. i\d. contained under N®. 6. with the Remarks of the Commissioners thereupon; and noReafon appeared to your Committee, why the same should not be allowed.

Under this Head, your Committee think it necessary to state the Matter of Fad, contained in the Petition of Claude Aubert, of London, Merchant, on behalf of John and Anthony Allut, referred to your Committee.

And a Promissory Note, bearing Date the ad of July j 737, for 2,986/. 8 s. yd. Sterling, from Jeremiah Tinker and John Cope, to John Peter Gonjolin, of MarJeilles, or Order, produced; the Property of which Note appeared to be duly vested in the said John and Anthony Allut.

A. 1751.-

A nd the Ledger; Book of the Royal African Company w, as likewise produced; by which it appeared, that there was due from the said Company, to John Peter Gonjolin, the Sum of 3.589/. 17s. 11 d. Sterling.

And your Committee find, that 603/. 9s. 2d. Part of the said Sum, has been already claimed of the Company, under the said Gonjolin; which reduced the said Sum to 2,986/. 8s. yd. the Sum mentioned in the said Petition.

And it appearing to your Committee, that this Claim flood on the same Foot with a Part of the Claim, for 603 /. ys. 2d. which was allowed by the Commissioners, with a considerable Reduction, being for the Value of Goods sold to the:Fadors abroad; for which Slaves were to be given in Exchange; and the Prices put upon the . said Goods, and Slaves, being much beyond their aiment Value.

And the Agent for the Petitioner ;consenting, that a proportionable Reduction be made upon this Claim, the same will be reduced to 1,119/. 1 8r. 3^.: And,

Mr. Claude Aubert informed your Committee, That he corresponds with, and transads the Business of, the said John and Anthony Allut, in London;

And that he did not know that the said John and Anthony AUut had any Demand upon the said Company, till after the Report made by the Commissioners to Parliament; and that he had no Letters from them, touching the said Demand, till the 29th of March 1751. x Your Committee then proceeded to consider the Petition of Jonathan Bracebridge, as coming properly under this Head;

Who claims, as Executor of the last Will of Henry Turner, late Governor of William's Fort, Whydah.

And it appeared to your Committee, that the said Bracebridge was possessed of the Will about a Month before the Commission for settling the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company was closed; but that the same was not proved till the 28th of March last; and that he laid no Claim before the Commissioners.

And it further appeared, that no Accounts had come from Whydah, since the Year 1745; and that therefore his Account with the Company could not be made up: And,

Mr. James Craick, late Chief Agent of Cape Coast Castle, said. That when he came from thence, last March was Twelvemonth, Mr. Turner being dead, no Account was found of the Expenditure offome Goods of the Company, which he had had in his Hands; so that they could not tell, upon the Coast, whether the Company was indebted to him, or he to the Company.

Uponall which Circumstances, vour Committee thought it improper to proceed any further in the Matter of the said Petition.

Your Committee then proceeded to consider the Sum of 4,029/. 3^. 10d. being the Sum allowed by the Company, for Interest, to several of their Creditors, and turned into Principal; and for which they have Bonds, or other Securities; and which are deduced out of the Sums claimed by them.

And your Committee think it their Duty to state (pe-cially the Sum of 179/. os. 6d. claimed under this Number, by William Stead, on behalf of Henry Collins, for Interest, turned into Principal; and that this Sum of 179/. os. 6d. is Part of the Sum of i,6q4/. i6s. 6dP for wfiich David Crichton was in Custody of the Sheriff of London, in Execution on a Judgment given by the Court of King’s-Bench, and for which he was, by an Act of the last Session of Parh^me/ic (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Tr^de to Africa) directed to give a new Judgment to the said William Stead, with Stay of Execution for One Year, to be computed from the Seventeenth Day of March 1749,5 as by the said Act, Re? ference being the reunto had, will more fully appear.

And your Committee, at this Time, heard the Creditors of the Company, not only with Fegard to this Number, but to th^ir Claims for Interest in general; who 4 - founded

1

Googb

24 Geo. II.

21° Mali.

247

founded their Claims to Interest upon the following'Rea-fons:

That the Parliament granted several Sums to the said_ Company, for the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements; which induced the Petitioners to trust the Company:

That they have the same legal Title to Interest, as to Principal:

That the Forts are worth considerably more than their Interest and Principal amounts to.

And they further urged, That the House has already resolved, that the Compensation to be given to the Royal African Company shall be, in the first place, applied to the Payment of the bond side Creditors of the said Company; and that therefore the Creditors ought to be paid their Interest, before the Proprietors can have any Part of the Compensation.

Upon which, your Committee observe. That the Creditors never took any Asignment upon the Supplies granted by Parliament:

That the Value of the Security, and the legal Right to Interest, are not to be considered but jointly with the Means of coming at them; and that the Ad: of Parliament not dirccting the Commissioners to compute Interest, seems to imply the sense of the House, at that Time, to have been, that Interest should not be allowed.

And in case the House should think proper to allow Interest, your Committee ordered Computations of Interest to be prepared 5 which is annexed in the Appendix N° 2. and 3.

Your Committee then proceeded to consider the Sum of 37,559/. 3-f 3Id contained in N°. 8. being the Sums claimed; which the Commissioners are of Opinion ought to be disallowed, or were waived or withdrawn by the Claimants themselves.

Upon this Number, your Committee think it necessary to state to the House, That Mr. Williarh Newland, Solicitor to the said Company, having, upon withdrawing his Claims, one for 175 /. and the other for 58/. 19s. 2d. delivered in a Paper to the Commissioners, Mr. Po-ftlethwaite produced the said Paper to your Committee; which was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" 18th January 1750.

u Whereas I have delivered in to s&e Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the <c Royal African Company, Two several Claims, N°. 243 and 244; the Confutations for which Claims being for Bufinefsdone by me, as SoHicitor for the said Com-

pany, in Parliamentary and other Affairs; and some Part of such Business done since the passing the Act:

€i And I being ftiil employed by the said Company, and <c further Monies growing due to me, it will be more €t convenient for me to settle my whole Demands at once ,; €< and do therefore withdraw my said Two Claims.

<c Wm. Newland"

And Mr. Newland produced a Warrant, in Support of the Claim for 175/. directed to the Cashier of the said Company, and signed by the Sub-Governor, and Six of the Court of Assistants, bearing Date the 26th of April 1750; whereby the Cashier was directed to pay Mr. Newland, or his Order, the said Sum of 175 /. in full, of the Balance of his Bill, for solliciting the Company’s Affairs in Parliament, from June 6th, 1748, to December 3ill, *749-

And Mr. F ftlethwaite being asked, if he had any Ob-jedtion to make from the Commissioners to the said Claim? said, He had not.

And your Committee further observe, That this is the Balance of an Account, already closed, between the said Company and Mr. Newland.

Your Committee then proceeded to consider the Sum Qf 7,381/. 15 s. 5 d. comprehended in N°. 9. being an Account of Sums claimed by several of the Company’s Officers and Servants abroad, for Salaries due to them, or for Goods fold or delivered to the Company’s Use; which cannot at present be ascertained.

VOL. 26.

And,your Committee observe, That no Books of Ac- Africa* count having been'transmiUed to the Company, from the Company. Fadlory at Gambia, since the 31st of December 1741; and several Persons, who claim tinder this Number, having resided at Gambia' some considerable Time since the said 31 ft of December 1741, their jespective Claims cannot now be ascertained.

And in respect to the Claims made by Mefiieurs Thomas Bolder, William Husbands, and Richard Stockwe/l, and contained under this Number, your Committee find, thac they took to their own Account the Effects of the African Company, to the Value of 1,096 L 17 s. yd. Prime Ccft, and gave the Company Credit for the same; but that, by their Indentures of Covenant with the Company, they were restrained from taking any Part of the Effects of the said Company to their own Account; and they were further, by the said Indenture, restrained from trading with any Goods, which were not carried out by them, or Tent to them: And your Committee observe, That their Account being (till open, and no Particulars as yet sent over, nor any Depoficions taken upon Oath, relating to the said Claims, the same cannot be now ascertained, but must be left to future Enquiry.

And your Committee having gone through the Report, think proper to state to the House, that, since the Day limited by the Ad: of the last Session of Parliament, for receiving the Claims of such of the Creditors as reside in Great Britain or Ireland, there has grown due to the Court of Assistants, for their Salary, the Sum of 1,000l.; and that several ocher Sums have grown, and are ftiil growing, due. to the Sollicitor and Officers of the Company, and for House Rent, and other incidental Charges; and that the said Company have Cash in the Bank of England, to the Amount of 495/ 2 s. 5 d.\ and thar, by an Account returned from the Factory at Gambia, by the Chief Agents there, it appears, that, on the 1 5th Day of May 1 750, there remained of the Goods and Merchandize belonging to the said Company, to the Amount of 2,149/. 2 s. od.

Your Committee-then proceeded to consider the Account of the Expences of executing the Commission for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, and of the Allow ances the Commissioners think reasonable to be made to the Officers, and Servants employed by them.

Upon which your Committee observe, That,besides the said Expences included in the said Account, some Allowance is reasonable to be made to the Commissioners, as well as some extraordinary Allowance to their Secretary and Accomptant, for their Trouble and Expence, in attending and preparing Papers for your Committee.

Your Committee then proceeded to consider the Petition of Alexander Grant, and Richard Oswald, of London, Merchants, for themselves and Company; and find the Matter of Fad: therein contained to be as follows:

Mr. Spence, Secretary to the Royal African Company, being examined, said, That the Fort on Bence Islandi formerly belonged to the Royal African Company; that it was loft in the Year 1728., by the ill Management of Walter Charles, Governor of the said Fort; who used the Natives so arbitrarily, that they rose upon him, and took the Fort.

Captain Boyce said, That when Mr. Charles was drove away by the Natives, they burnt down the-Hpufes, and, blew up the Magazine; that,he (the Wirness) bought*he Fortin 1744, of the King of that Country, for Mr'. George Fryer; and that he gave for it the Value of 100l. in Goods, as Entry-Money, and 120 Bars, value 5 s. Sterling each Bar, yearly, for the Space of Five, Years; and that he was to hold it as long as he pleased; that he put it into a State of Defence, rebuilt the Magazine, and made the Ramparts 30 Foot high; that he mounted Twenty-two Guns, Ten of which, being Nine Pounders, he found jin the Rubbish; and the others were smaller.

And

African

Company,

248 110Mali.M. *751.

And he delivered in an Estimate of the E*pence, to the Amount of 1,190/. which is hereunto annexed in the Appendix, N#. 4. which he said he made from his Wade Book, and Book of Trade; that he continued in that Fore between Four and Five Years; that he settled a Residence there; and ocher Persons traded in the River at the same time.

Being further examined, he said, That he had not the Consent of the Royal African Company, to make this Bargain with the Natives; that he knew the Fort had been theirs; and that he does not know that the Company was ever invited to come and settle there again; and that, when in April 1743, he sollicited the King of that Country for Liberty to settle upon the said I/land, he refuled his Consent; saying, That he believed he came from the Company, who, for their ill Ufige, he was resolved should never emoe there again; and that the said King would not let him settle there, till he made it appear, chat he belonged to Mr. Fryer; and that then he lent him Men, and assisted him in the Settling; and that, during this Treaty a French Ship came there, and offered large Presents to the King, to have Liberty to settle in that I (land: That he made this Purchase for the safe Keeping of his Goods, and for a Defence against the French in War Time; and that he carried on a Trade there, tinder the Protection of the Fort, between Four and Five Years.

That he apprehended the Guns belonged to the Royal African Company, but gave them no Information about them; and found no other Military Stores there:

That he never applied to the Company for their Con* sent, or informed them of this Bargain with the Natives; but that he took Possession of the Fort, for the Use of Mr. Fryer, for the better Keeping of his Goods; and had a special Order from him, to settle where-ever he pleased; and Mr. Fryer had the Benefit of the Trade carried on there.

Being further examined, he said, That the Fort is proper to be kept up for the Defence of the Trade; but he does not know, whether the Natives will let the new Company take Possession of it, as they declare very much against the old Company:

That he has seen many French Vessels trading upon that Coast, since the Peace; and that, if they should get Possession of the Fort, he apprehended they would get the Trade of that River, and the Coast adjacent, entirely to themselves; and that there is about 200 Ton of Redwood got there yearly, value about 32 /. a Ton; between 3 and 4,000 Negroes; about 15 Ton of Elephants Teeth, value 240 Guineas a Ton; but not much Wax, nor Gold, nor any Grain; the Grain Coast being a little below it:

That he has known English Subjects settle on the Banana Jjlcnds\ upon which he has heard the French had Intention to settle; but that the Fore would prevent them:

That the Company, during his Time, never claimed the Guns, or the Fort; and that this River is^a very safe Place for Ships; and will admit Ships of War, being not less than Twelve Fathom Water at the Entrance, and Nine where they anchor; and that a Ship of War, stationed there in Time of War, would be of great Service to scour and protest the Coast.

Then an Article of Bargain and Sale of the said Fort and Island, dated the 8th of July 1748, from Mr. Fryer to Mr. Oswald, was read.

And Articles of Co-partnership, between Mr. Oswald and Mr. Fryer, dated the 8th of July 1748, were also read: And also,

Articles of Co-partnership, between Mr. Oswald and Grant, dated the 8th of July 1748, were read.

Then a Deed of Bargain and Sale, dated the 23d September 17 48, from George Fryer to Richard Oswald\ of the Goods, Slaves, Stores,' Sloops, arid Boats, belonging to George Fryer, found or lodged in the said Fort or Settlement of George Island, was also read.

And John Donnaldson, Book-keeper to Meflleurs Grant and Company, produced an Account of the Disburse-mems of the said Grant and Oswald, and Company, on

the Fort and Settlement of Bence Island, in Sierra Leone River, in Africa, to the 6th of May 1751; by which a Balance is Rated, as due to the said Grant, Oswald, and Company, by the Fort and Settlement, of 5,140/ igs. 8i d. The said Account is annexed in the Appendxy

W. 5.

And Mr. Oswald said. That the Goods were of no Value without the Fort; and that he cannot tell what way be the Value of the Goods now remaining the re; that they bought the Goods, in order to trade, and not singly for the Support of the Fort; and he submitted, whether they should be indemnified for the Loss dated in their Account, or have their Title ascercained to this Fort, for the future, in the same Manner as the old African Company had it; by which, he fa id, he meant an txclusive Right to trade in the Fort, and the Two islands appendant to it, but not in the River.

Then the said Act of the last Sefljon of Parliament was read; whereby all the Forts claimed by, or in the Poll'd* fion of, the Royal African Company, were, upon the JDi-vestment of the Did Company, declared to be abfulutely verted in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, as established by the said Act: And,

Mr. Spence, Secretary to the Royal African Company, said, That he had given Mr. Oswald Notice, that the Royal African Company would claim that Fort, and include it in the Surrcndcrof their Forts and Settlements.

Then the Charter of the Royal African Company was produced, to shew that the Fort belonged to the said Company.

And the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa said. That they desired to have the Puf-session of this Fort; and that they would endeavour to keep up the Place as well as they could, being a Place of great Importance: And,

Captain Geddes being examined, /aid. That he surveyed the Goods which Mr. Oswald oouglit of Mr. Fryer; and that many of them were much damaged, and all ill-forced; that those which were damaged were valued accordingly; the rest valued according to their Worth in England, when in good Condition.

Captain Wade said, That he surveyed the Goods like-wife; that they made a fair Valuation of them; and if a proper Cargo had been sent from England, to afforc theft:

Goods, they would have fold there for the Money at which' they were apprailed; but not on Ship-board.

And Mr. Hayes, late Deputy-Governor of the Royal African Company, laid, Thac he believed the Company never asked for Possession of this Fort, because they couJd not support the Expence of it, the Allowance not being sufficienr.

Your Committee then proceeded upon the Petition of the Royal African Company; and thought proper i r enquire into the current Price of Africa Stock for Four-' teen Years part; and an Account being produced to t/ic Committee, it appeared, upon the said Account, that none had been fold, during thac Period, under 10 per Cent.; and the Committee called for an Account of the transfer-rable and Trust Stock, annexed to the Appendix, N*. 6. by which it appeared, that, since the 31st of December 1748, 42,112/ 5J. yd. has been fold, at the Rate of 5 per Cent.; and this being only a Transaction between the Company and the Purchasers, the same was done at the African-House; and therefore no Notice is taken of ir, in the Account of Current Prices delivered; and the Committee submit, whether it may not be proper, in the-Distribution of the Compensation to be given to the Proprietors of Stock, to distinguish between the old Proprietors, and those who purchased since 31st December 174S, at no higher Rate dian 5 per Cent.

And Andrew Hopegood Esquire delivered in to your Committee, a same relating to a Sum of 7,384/. subscribed by his Father, into the said Company's Stock, in the Year 1712; which Cale is annexed in the Appendix, N®. 7.

Your Committee then took into Consideration the Petition of David Crichton; and a Clause in the Act of the last Sdfion, mentioned in the said Petition, was read; and the

i^,

24 Geo. II*

21* Mail.

249

the Agent said, hehad riot any farther Proof' to offer, than what occurred from the said Clause 5 whereby it appeared* that the time of the Petitioner’s Enlargement was only for a Year; and hoped the Committee would think it reasonable to be continued for a Year longer.

And the Royal African Company delivered in a Proposal to the Committee, wherein they declared their Willingness for the Consideration of 30,000l. and the Payment of their just Debts, to be divested of all their Pro* perty in Africa.

The said Proposal is annexed in the Appendix, N 8.

APPEND I X, N°. 1.

To the Honourable the Committee* -to whom the Report of the Commissioners, appointed to examine into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company, is referred.

The Commissioners, in their Report to the Honourable House of Commons, having stated specially the several Sums of Money which Charles Hayes, late Deputy Governor of the African Company, had expended, in Disbursements and Expences, in and about the Company’s Affairs, for Two and Twenty Years, viz, from 1726 to the End of the Year 1748, he humbly begs Leave to explain to this Honourable Committee the Reasonsand Occasions of such Disbursements and Expences.

And, First, as to the Sum of Two hundred and Ten Pounds, which was paid to him in the Year 1726, he begs Leave to inform the Committee, That many Gentlemen, then newly come into the Direction, being desirous -to know whether the Company had, by their Charter, a legal Right to the foie Trade to Africa, within the Limits thereof, exclusive of all others his Majesty’s Subjects, he was ddired to get the best Information he could, in rel&ion thereto 5 whereupon the Records of the Rolls were examined, and Copies of such Royal Charters as had been granted to former Companies, from the Commencement of the Trade of this Nation to Africa, were obtained, many printed Cafes, and feme Judgements upon Record in the Courts in Westminster-Hall; in relation to the Prerogative, were searched; and many Consultations with Sollicitors, and others, were had 5 and sundry Cafes were prepared, and laid before several of the most eminent Counsel at that Time, for their Opinion thereupon; and ‘ this Money was expended in Fees to Counsel and Sollicitors, and in defraying the other necessary Charges in and about this Affair.-

As for the Ten thousand Pounds nominal Trust Stock, which the Company themselves valued at 30 per Cent, (the current Price then at Market) in their own Books, and which the Court of Assistants, on the 23d Day of October 1729, directed to be transferred to Francis Lynn Esquire, to be disposed of, with the Privity of Sir B'tbye Lakey Charles Hayes> and Henry Parsons, without Account, the said Charles Hayes humbly begs Leave to inform the Committee, That the Company having, about that Time, an Intention to apply for an Allowance from the Publick, towards the Support of their Forts and Settlements in slfricdy which they well knew could not be done without a considerable Expence, and the Company being, at the same time, greatly straitened for Money for their other necessary Occasions, they judged this to be the best way they could take to make Provision for that Service j and as public Applications are always attended with great Expences, this was then thought to be a very moderate Provision for such a Service; and as no Man would have the Gentlertten intruded with the Application thereof, he African neither thought it necessary to keep by him any particular Company* Account of the Sale and Application of such of the said Trust Stock as come to his Hands; nor can he now, it this Distance of Time, give any particular Account thereof; but he doth very well remember, that One^half, or Five Thousand Pounds, of the said nominal Trust Stock, Was left to the Care and Disposalof the said Henry Parsons, and the other Five thousand Pounds, of the said nominal Trust Stock, was left to the Care and Disposal of the said Charles Hayes; that for more than Twelve Months preceding th£ said 2 3d Day of October 1729, the said Henry Parforts, toge> ther withhimself, had been at many Charges and Expences in Attendances upon the Ministry, in order to lay before them the Nature of the Company’s Cafe, the Hardships they laboured under, and their Inability to support the Charges of their Forts and Settlements any longer, without some suitable Aid and Assistance from the Publick *, that upon the Company’s Application,by Petition to Parliament/the Session next after the said 23d Day of October 1729; for Relief, the said Petition met with great Oppoftnon froth the then separate Traders,who had enjoyed the Protection of the said Forts and Settlements, for the Seventeen Years preceding, without contributing any thing to the Charge of them; and who were then apprehensive, that the o;d Act in 1697, which had laid a Duty of 10/. per Cent.

for 13 Years, on their Trade, might be again revived\ and therefore, in order to support the Company’s P re -tensions, it was found absolutely necessary to consult the Journals of both Houses of Parliament, as far back as the-Reltoration, to fee what had been done in former Parliaments, in relation to this Trade, to advise with Counsel upon such Difficulties as arbfe, to employ several Sollicitors, to print and give away great Numbers of Cafes, Estimates, and other Papers, fur the Information of the Members, to fumtnon, subsist, and defray the Charges of many Witnesses, who attended, from time to time, to be examined upon that Occasion, be Tides many other daily Expences, for Coach-hire, Coffee-houses, Taverns, and the like; and the said Charles Hayes humbly hopes, that when the Committee shall be pleated to consider that these and the like Ditburfements and Expences, were necessary and unavoidable, and that all other Charges and Expences whatsoever were borne and defrayed out of the Produce of the above-mentioned Ten Thousand Pounds nominal Trust Stock, without putting the Company to any other Expence, the Honourable Committee will be of Opinion, that the Gentlemen, who had the Conduct of this Affair* did not abuse the Confidence which the Company had reposed in them.

As to the Third Article, relating to his Disbursements and Expences, in and about the Company’s Business, for Eighteen Years running; viz. (from 1730 to 1748) which, ir> so long a Course of Time, amounts to a considerable Sum, when collected together, he must crave Leave to observe, that, as the Company were obliged to attend and sollicit for the same every Session, such an Expence could not be avoided; which he humbly hopes will be thought very moderate; and, more especially, as many other Expences, upon numberless Occasions, were included in the said Accounts of Disbursements, and no where else charged to the Company.

As to the Fourth and last Article oF Eight hundred Pounds, which Henry Parsons Esquire was in Arrear to the Company at his Death, on Account of Two thousand Trust Stock, Part of the large Parcel which he

Pounds w.

submitced to take upon himself the conducting of an Affair had contracted for wiih the Company, he declared* upon of so extensive and complicated a Nature, and so liable Oath, before the Commissioners, that he had no othet to Miscarriage, without being freed from the Apprehen- Interest or Concern therein, directly or indirectly, other-fion of Trouble afterwards, the Company agreed that the wile than as a middle Man between the Company and said Gentlemen should be* and they were accordingly, said Parsons, 10 take care, that, upon Mr. Parsons'spay-impowered to dispose of, and apply the Produce of the ing the Company the Eight hundred Pounds, he might said nominal Stock, as they, in their Discretion, should have the said Two thousand Pounds Stock transferred to fire fit, without ^Ccounring for the fame, or for the Money him,or that, in Failure thereof,the same might be re-trans-arising the reby: And the (kid Charles Hayes doth further fcrred to the Company, and the Cash discharged from beg Leave to observe, That as the said Stock was thus the said Eight hundred Pounds 5 and whereas the Corn-given without Account, and the Company were after- missioners think it strange, that the Company did not apply wards well fktisfied with the Conduct and Proceedings of to Mu Parsons'$ Executrix for the Payment of this Money; Vol. 26. 3 S he

African

C6mpany.

150 21° Mail 1751 i

tic begs Leave to answer, That he frequently importuned Mr. Par/ons, in his Life-time, to pay that Money, and to take his Stock; and he as often made Answer, and some* times with Years in his Eyes, that he had loft Ten thousand Pounds by his Bargain, and by serving the Company; but that he would pay the Money, and take the Stock, as soon as he could; and the said Charles Hayes must confess, that he was so sensible of the many Services Mr. Par/ons had done the Company, and of the Hurt he had done himself thereby, that he thought it little less than barbarous to prosecute him in his Life-time for such an Arrear; and as for the making of any Demand for the Payment thereof, from his Executrix, several other Gentlemen, then in the Direction, as well as the said Charles

Hayes, knew so well thdt all his feftafe in Land was mortgaged; that considerable Quantities of his Stock were pawned, for Money borrowed upon it; that the City of London had a large. Demand upon him; for Arrears of Rent for the City Markets; and, in a Word, that he died so greatly indebted to many other Persons, chat they well knew it was in vain to make any Demand upon his Executrix for the Payment of the above Arrear to the Company; and therefore the said Two thousand Pound* Stock, together with a Dividend of 10/. per Cent. upod the fame, was re-transferred to the Company, and the Calli discharged of the said Eight hundred Pounds.

All which is humbly submitted, Cha. Hayes.

APPENDIX, N\ 4.

A Computation of Interest on the several Sums allowed by the Com mi (Boners for examining into the Claims the Creditors of the Royal African Company, carrying Interest to Lady-day 1750, according to the Rate of Interest the respective Sums carry; viz.

On the Sums contained in N°. 2. of the Appendix, to the Report of the said Commissioners.

N°. 2. 3-

I:

14* 15-

>7-

22.

24-

26.

28.

3°-

33-

51-36-39-

41.

44.

46.

47-

48.

51*

52-

53-

54-£6-57-59-

64.

65.

68.

74-

75-76. 78. 86.

Richard King, on 332/. 19/. o d.at 5 per Cent, from 3d September 1747 -

John Leapidge, on 702/. gs.3 d.at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 -

Samuel Collet Esquire, on i,ooool. oj. od. ac \per Cent, from 13th June 1738

James Farmer, on 2,256I. j s. o d. at 5 per Cent, from 24th June 1747

Mcflieurs Atkins, Cooke, Mills, and Bruce, on 312/. or. at j per Cent, from 31st

May 1 744.....-

Edward Louisa Mann Esquire, on 494/. 6s. od. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 Messieurs Myre, Vigne, and Luard, on 487/. 17 od. at 5 per rom ad July

' >747 - . - - - -.....-

Charles Hayes Esquire, on 1,135^ 1CS- 1 d-at5 Per Cent, from 17th November 1748 William Finch Esquire, on 1,3281. 16 s. \d. at 5 per Cent, from 17th November 1748 Hannah Bayly, on 776 /. 12 s.9 d.at 5 per Cent.} viz.

On 6761. 12 s.9 d. from 30th June 1743, and on 1001, from 30th 1742 Edward Satchwell, and Richard Boult, on 444/, I2J. od. at 5 Cent, from 30th

September 1747 - -

James Ecker/all Esquire, on 4931. 6 s. 3 d.at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744

John Til/on Esquire /. s. d.

On 362/. 5 s. 11 d.at 5 per Cent.from 4th October 174! - - 153 9 o

On 495/. os. od.at 5 per Cent.from 13th August 1741 - - 213 3 9

tVilliam Percy, on 97 /. 14 s.O d. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 -

Samuel Simes, on 147 /. 17 r. o d. at 5 per Cent, from 10th September 1747 -

John Bladwell, on zoo I. at 5 per Cent, from 4th July 1745 -

Richard Spence, on 497 /. 1 s.5 d. at 5 per Cent, from 31st January 1748

John Clarke, on 72 /. 11 s. 10 d. at per Cent, from ift June 1743, to 31st May >744.

and from thence ac 5 per Cent. -John Van Rixtell Merchant, on 200l. at 5 per Cent, from ift September 1743 Henry Jefferys, on 158/. 15 s.at j per Cent. from3ift May 1744 -

Sarah Par/ons, on 96 /. 4 s. od.at 5 per Cent, from 31st December 1746 -

Edward Sparke, on 396/. 17 s.od. at 3per Cent, from 31st December 1747 John Oram,on 140/. at 5 per Cent.from 14th September 1744 -

Sir John Chapman Baronet, on 2001, ac 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 -

George Arnold Esquire, and Company, on 1,321/. 15 od.at£ per Cent, from 31st

May 1744....

Walter Harris Esquire, on 500l. at 5 per Cent, from 30th 1743 -

David Anderson, on zoo I. at 5 per Cent, from 4th July 1745 -

James Taylor, on 2711. 8 j. od.at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 2744. - -

Samuel Robin/on, ' I. s, d.

On zool. 9 j. od.at 5 per Cent.from 31st May 1744 - - 58 5 9

On 375/. 10 j. od.at 5 per Cent, from 16th February 1748 - 20 13 6

r -

John Ptarman,on 951, os. od. at 5 per Cent, from 31 ft May x744 .

John Pearman and Robert Garrood, on 81/. 16 od. at 5 per Cent, from 17th November 1744 -

John Bridge, on 30/. 17*. os. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 1/aac Gregory Esquire, on 1,000l. ac 4per Cent, from 6th July 1738 Edmund Hackitt, on 45 /. at 5 per Cent, from 31 ft May 1744 Francis Hall, on 78 /. 8 s. od.at 4 per Cent, from 31st December 1742 John Shake/pear, on 611 /. at 5 per Cent, from 3 ift Mqy 1744 John Hickman Esquire, on 461. 2 s. 6 d, at 5 per Cent, from 3 ift May 1744.

I... s. J.

4 I it O

204 5 9

471 4 # 310 4 11

90 14 10

>43 i£ 0

66 11 2

76 .3 8 89 14 9

288 10 5

SS 3 6

*4 3 3

366 12 28 8

18 15

47 4 28 9

*3 9 4 65 12 3

46 3 4

16 10 8

44 4 11

38 13 7 58 3 3

384 7 10

168 7

47 4 7

78 18 6

78 19 27 12

1 If

3

6

9

468 14

13

28 6

177 13

13 8 2

9

4

2

8

9

87. Slingsby

±4 Geo. It*

87.

i iv M

L; >. d.\

86 1 H

23 9 0

- 2.1 7l

86 t A

46 18 O]

- 21 1 7

Slingsby Betbell, and Charles Hayes Esquire, and Co.

On 295/. 18 x. 6 d. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 On 100l. ox. od. at D°. from 16th July 1745 On 312/. 3X. 5 d. at D°. from 17th November 1748

8. Marmaduke Wesiwood, and Co.

On 295 /. i8x. 6 d. at 5 per Cent. from 31st Alay 1744 On 200l. ox. o</. at D°. from 16th July 1745 On 312/. 3 x, 5</. at D\ from 17th November 1748

89. Marmaduke fVcftwvod, on 160/. 15 x. o d. at 5 per Cent. frorh ioth October 1745

90. Coles, and Co

On 295/. 18 x. 6d. 2lz 5 Car/, from 31st A/ay 1744 - 86 t

On 100l. ox. Oaf. at D\ from 16th July 1745 - - 23

On 312/. 3X. $d. at D°. from 17th November 1748 - 21 J

92. Edward and Randolph Kritpe, and Co.

On 224/. 2x. otL at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 On 933/. Sx. o</. at D°. from 31st December 1744

93. Richard Reevt Merchant, on 588/. 3s. \d. at 5 per Cent, from 29th July 1742

95. Boteler on 81/. 7 x. 10^. at 5 from 31st May 1744

97^ Afay, on 39/. f3x. od. at 5 per Cent, from 10th September 1747

99. Charles Lloyd Esquire, on 81 /. 15X. 3 d. at 5 per Cent. from 30th *743

101. Joseph Hally on 42/. iox. o^. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744

102. Benjamin Periam Esquire,

On 74/. 5X. 8d. at 5 7>*r Cxwx. from 31st May 1744 21

On 549/. 9x. 8d. at D°. from 17th November 1748 - 37

103. John and James Goddard Merchants, and Go.

On 100l. ox. od. at 5 per Cent. from 16th July 1745 On 375/. ox. od. at D°. from 29th July 1743 On 1,894/. ix. iL at D°. from 17th November 1748

x.

Africa

Company.

130 IX 4

130 11 9

3° 9 a 9

225 2 3

*3 13 3

5 0 5

27 10 7

12 7 2

58 14 t

Peirce Dcd, M. D. on 244/. or. 3d. at 5 per Cent, from 19th 1743

CaJJandra Beajlew, on ao6 /. 5 s. o d.at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744

Sherman Godfrey, on 292/. ys. o d.at 5 per Cent, from 21st March 1747 Abraham Castres Esquire, on 494/. 5 s. oat 5 per Cent, from 13th 1744

104.

»o5.

106.

110.

114.7

and > Dame Mary Lake, and Co. on 3,164/. os. 4 at 5 per Cent, from tft August 1743

115 J

117. Thomafma Newton, on 105/. at 5 per Cent, from 31st December 1747 Richard Wilton, on 100l. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744

Samuel Scattiff, on 324/. 5 s.od. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 Martha Adams, and John Briand, on 88/. 17r. 6 at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744I Captain George Geddes,

On 100l. os. od. at per Cent, from 30th June 1744 1

On 200l. os. od. at 5 per Cent, from 25th September 1744 On 97/. 5 s. od. at D". from 24th November 1743 - ,

118.

119.

126.

127.

1,051 9

16

128.

150.

U1-

, J9*

140.

141. 144.

145-

150.

*53*

*57*

161.

162. 166.

163.

Richard Cur Jon, on 70/. os. od. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 Jane Hayne, and Co.

On 115/. 41. od. at per Cent, from 29th September* 1741 - 39 1

On 200l. os. od. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 - 58 3

Messieurs Richard Lateward, and Co. on 55/. 18 6 at 5 per Cent, from 31st!

May 1744 -

John Cale Esquire,

On 631/. js. 4 Id.at 5 per Cent, from 30th June 1743 - 212 10

On 626/. i8j. \o\d.at D*. from 30th June 1744 - - 179 14

On 159/. 6s. 9*d- at D\ from 30th June 1744 - 45 13 On 1,000l. os. od.at D\ from 31st May 1744 - - 290 16

James Goddard Merchant, and Co. on 415 /. 17 4 at 5 per Cent, from 9th December],

1746 -

James Frazer, on 312/. is. id. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 Dame Rebecca St. uintin,on 470/. 191. 11 d. at 5 per Cent, from 29th September 1744I Honor at Smith Esquire, on 250/. at 5 per Cent, from 3 ift May 1744 Claude Johnson Esquire, on 56/. 1 i.s. 8 d.at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 David Bruce, on 400l. at 5 per Cent, from 30th June 1742 -

William Price, and Co. on 1,250/. at 5 per Cent, from 4th June 1747 Mary Rawlinjon, on 180/. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 Samuel Freeman, on 54/. i6j. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 -Jonathan Eade, on 100l. at 5 per Cent, from 31st December 1742 -Thomas Sharpe, on 88/. \6s.at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744

Vol. 26.

William

African

'Company.

*52

N°. 177.

179

181.

182.

183.

184.

192.

*9 5-toil

203.

204.

205. 218. 221. 229. *33-

ft34*

*3S-

21° Mail.

A. 1751.

38.

45-

49-

66.

7a.

73-

79

William Hammond Esquire, and Co. on 100l. at $ per Cent, from 31st May 1744

Francis Hopegood Esquire, on 200L at j per Cent from 31st May 1744

The Right Honourable Robert Lord Romney, and John Blackwood Esquire, on 263 /.

5/. 5</. at 5 Cent, from 31st May 1744 -

Etberington Dya/l, and Co. on 3/. i6j. at 5 Cent, from 31st May 1744 -

Martha Anjlow, on 31/. 14s. 6d. at $ pet Cent, from 31st May 1744.

Collier, on 273/. 15 j. at 5 per Cent, from 31 ft May 1744 Richard Baker, on 104/. 4J. at 5 /tfr CJw/. from 31 ft May 1744 -Joshua Furze, on 100 /. at 5/tfr from 4th July 1745 -

Benjamin Weale, on 341/. 10j. at 3 Cent, from 31st May 1744 JohnGaJcoyne Esquire, on 100l. at per Cent, from 30th June 1743 John Bland, on 1,200l. at 5 per Cent. from 4th July 1745 -

The Reverend Mr. John Westcott, on 30ol. at 5 per Cent, from 4th Ju'y 1745 William Johnson, on 22/. 1 J. od. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1 744 Thomas Lord Erjkttte, on 100l. at 4/w Cent, from 30th June 1742 William Wilkinjon Esquire, on 200l. at j per Cent, from 31 ft May 1744 George Wombwell, and John James Grand, and Co. on 200l. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 -

Phillip Lempriere, and Aforj his Wife, on 200l. at 5 per Cent, from 31st A/*y 1744 -

John Mallory, on 50/. at 5 per Cent. from 31st M*y 1744 -

/ J.

29 1 7

5* 3

2 10

3

17. Charles Hayes Esquire,

On 1 jo/, at 5 Gw/, from 31st January 1746 On 130/. at - D°. - from 31st January 1747 On 130/. at - D°. - from 31 ft January 1749

18. Sir Atzvill Lake Baronet,

On 244/. ys. 6d. at 5 Cent, from 31st May 1744 On 50/. 5J. io*/. at - D°. - from 31st January 1744

On 150/. os. od. at - D°. - from 31st January 1746

On 150/. os. od. at - D°. - from 31st January 1747

On 150/. os. od. at - D°. - from 31st January 1749

28* James Eckerjall Esquire,

On 165/. 5s. 6d. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744

On 19/. 14/. 2d. at - D®. - from 31 January 1744

On 9/. 18/. 6d. at - D®. - from 3I January 1745

On 20/. 5/. yd. at - D®. - from 31 January 1746

On 11 /. 8 s. 6d. at - D°. - from 31 January 1749

Solomon djhley Esquire,

0094/. 12J. nd. at $ per i On 139/. 6s. yd. at - D®. On 143/. 11 s. 4</. at - D®. On 89/. 2/. \d. at - D®.

from 31 January from 31 January from 31 January

Edward Gouge Esquire,

On 39/. 17s. od. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744

On 761. 2 s. 4 d. at - D° On 108/. 15J. yd. at - D®. On 97/. 16s. od. at - D®. On 139/. 2s. id. at - D°. On 60/. 18 s. 9 d. at - D®.

from ^1 January 1744 from 31 January 1746 from 31 January 1747 from 31 January 1748 from 31 January 1749

Samuel Jones Esquire,

On ^9/. 13 j. od. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 On 92/. 8s. 6d. at - D\ - from 31 Jan. 1744

On 79/. lys. nd. at - D®. - from 31 Jan. 1746

On 73/. 13s. 3d. at - D®. - from 31 Jan. 1747

On ico/. 15s. 6d. at - D®. - from 31 Jan. 1748

On 114/. 5s. id. at - D®. - from 31 Jan. 1749

Thomas Wallis'% Executor and Co.

On 68/. 4s. 4rf. at j Ow/. from 31st January 1746 On 18V. ij. 9</. at - D®. - from 31 January 1747

/. s. d.

- 23 11 9

- 16 2 9

"" 1 1 9

__ _ 71 I 4

- 12 l8 9

2.3 1 I 9

16 I 9

1 I 9

48 I 3

5 I 4

* 2 I 1

- 3 3 9

0 1 8

6 *4 *7 8

7 - *4 18 10

8 - 8 4 4

9 0 12 1 f

11 11 8

- 3 9 11 6

- 17 2 1

- IO 9 9

- 7 >9 3

1 0 8 IO

11 IO 7

- 23 35 6

- - 12 11 4

- 7 18 0

- - 5 lS 5

- 0 16 7

[ft January 1749 -

: January 1749 -

ft January 1749

IO 14 6

- - 1 18 9

77


9 4

79 12

30 6

2 1 12 99 6

26 18 283 7 11 70 16 11 681 ?o 18 8

5s 3 3

5833

58 3 3

I4 IO IO

J 10.034 1 3

On the Sums contained in N°. 4, of the Appendix to the- Report of the said Commissioners.

40 ij

124 15 4

58 9 1

38 >3 9

67 3

62

o

o

o

7

7 5 3

9 3

12 13 3

83. Edward

14 Geo. II.

it

Maiu

N’

S3-

84.

86.

87.

88. 9C* 95-

Edward Hillerjden Esquire, on 18/. 5r. 7d. at 5 per Cent. from 31st January 1749 Join y^/^y Esquire, on 95/. 19 r. 6*/. at 5 per Cent, from 31st January 1749

Hickman Esquire* on 20 /. 19 r. od. at 5 Oh/. from 31st May 1744 - -

S lings bj Betbell and Charles Hayes Esquires* and Co. on 80 A 4s. iod. at j per Cent. frdtn 31st Afoy 1744 - ’ -

Marmaduke Westwood> and Co. on 80/. 4r; iotf. at 5 /ter Car/* from 31st May 1744

John Coles, and Co. on 80/. 4/. tod. at £ per Cent. from 31st Afey 1744 -

Sarah Boteler, and Co.

On 200l. or. o*/. at 5 per Cent. from 31 Afay 1744

On 108/. 14/. yd. at - D°r On 111/. 17 r. 1 dt. - D°; On 154/. 14J. 9d. at - D°. On 116/. 16s. \cU at - D°.

from 31 Jan. 1744 from 31 J*!#. 1746 from 31 Jan. 1747 from 31 7*#' 1748

102.

Benjamin Periam Esquire,

On 200/; or. ed. at § per Cent; from 31 May 1744 On 86/. 13*. \d. at - D°. - from 31 Jan. 1746

On 141/. 6s. yd. at - D°. - from 31 Jan. 1747

On 30/. 9 s. 4d. at - D°. - from 31 Jan. 1749

On 191/. os. 6d. at - D®. from 31 May 1744

Esquire,

5 s. 6 d. at 5 per Cent. $s. id. at - D®.

109. John Laroche On 65/.

On 118/.

"4)

and \ Dame Mary Lakey and Co.

llS)

On 150/* or. od; at 3 per Cent,

from 31 May 1744 from 31 Jan. 1744

On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 150/. On 15 oli

os. od, at or. od. at

or. od. at

os. od. at os. od. at

or. od. at

os. od. at or. od. at or. od. at or. od. at or. od. at oS. od. at

D°

D°.

D°.

D°.

D°.

D°.

D®.

E)\

t>°.

D°.

D°.

D°.

from 13 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan. from 31 Jan, frorfi ji

1726

*729

1730

1731

1732 *733 *734 *735 *737

1738

1739

1740

1741

*4©.

145.

James Goddard Merchant, '1'ruffle, arid Go. On Joi I.

9th December 1746 Honorat Smith Esquire,

On 27/. i3r. od. at 5 pet Cent, from 31 May 1744 On 23 /. 2r. id. at - D\ - from 31 Jan. 1744

On 14/. lor. id. at - D°. - from 31 Jan. 1745

On 18/. 8r. 9d. at - D°. - from 31 Jan. 1746

On 18/. 1 r. 8 d. at - D°. - from 31 Jan. 1747

170* Andrew Hdpegood Esquire,

On 14/. 2r. 9d. at 5 p& Cent, from 31 Jan. 1746 On 18/. ir. yd. at - D\ - from 31 Jan. 1747

179.

182,

*93-

Francis Hopegood Esquire,

On 184/. or. od. at 5 per Cent. from 31 May 1744 On 39/. 8 s. Afd. at - D\ - from 31 Jan. 1744

On 17/. 16r. 5d. at - D°. - from 31 Jan. 1746

On 16/. is. 6d. at - 0°. - from 31 Jan. 1747

On 43/. 8r. 4</. at - D°. - from 31 Jan. 1749

Bibye Lake Esquire;

On 28/. 5/. 5 d. at $per CJent. from 31 Jan. 1746 On 22/. i5r. 7d. at - D°. - froto 31 Jan. 1747

On 72/. 7 r. 3*/. at - t)°.

from 31. Jan.

*749

/. X. </.

- 58 3 4

- 27 19 S

- 17 ii 9

- - 16 11 li

* 6 13 9

j 58 3

- - 13 12 6

- - 3 a

- - O 4 5

* 53 11 2

u 18 19 8

30 8 3

17 3 11 9

- - 451 1 9

- - M3 11

- - 136 9

- - 128 11 9

- - 141 9

- - *‘3 11 9

- - 106 9

- - 9* 9

- - *3 11 9

- - 76 1 9

- . 68 11 9

- - 61 1 9

:8r. cj d. at 5 per Cent, from

8 0 9

- - 5 18 11

- 3 0 1

- . 2 18 0

- . 1 18 9

>m 31 January 1749

m . 2 4 5

- 1 18 9

— i. 53 IO 2

- 10 a 9

. 2 16 0

_ 1 14 6

- . - 0 6 3

from 31 Mfy.1744

_ 4 8

_ 2 8 1°

- - a TO

219.

a37-

George Jarvis *fapps Esquire, on 20/. i2r. 3d. at 5 per Cent, from 31 January 1745 John Bo dicot e Esquire, on 30/. 1 ir. 8 */. it 5 /ter Cent. from 31 1744 -

3 T

iSj

i. </. o 2 y O 13 11 6 1 9

43 6 8 23 6 8 23 6 8

147 o o

142 14 5

49 7 "

U454 9 *45 9 7

41 I

6 6

o 3

4 3

68 9 3 11 18 3

n

2,497

On

African

Company.

Vol. 45.

African

Company.

2 54

*3-

=5-

32,

37-

6o.

*3-

69.

7>-

86.

i ii.

152.

>57-

160.

>75-

191.

249

21° Mail. A. 1751.

On the Sums contained in N° 5. of the Appendix to the Report of the said Commissioners.

David Crichton Esquire on 2,229/. lSs* 3^* at 5 p*r Cent, from 13th December 1748 -William Stead\ and Co. on 1,400l. ox. od. at 5 per Cent, from 20th May 1748 -

Ebenezer Young, /. j. J.

On 300l. 19X. ioe/. at j per Cent. from 10th November 1743 - 95 17 1

On 270/. 9-r. in/, at - D° - from 9 December 1746 r - 44 10 o

if.

142 12 8

129 5 2

Lascelles Esquire, and Co. on 839/. 7x. in/, at 5 per Cent. from 19th March

*74* - -# - - -.....-

Charles Bladwell Esquire on 1,073/. 2x. bd. 5 per Cent. from 31 1744

Thomas Melvil Esquire, on 180/. ax. 5 */. at 5 per Cent. from 25th i 744 Alexander Fergufon, on 50/. 12 x. 8</. at 5 p*r CVtfX. frt)m 31st A/*y 1744 William Whitaker> and James Taylor,

On 552/. 5X. o</. at 5 from 31st Ma(ch 1745 - - 137 12 2

On 280/. ox. od. at - D° - from 1 January 1742 - - 101 3 8

William Guytber, and William Beuford, on too/, ox. o^. at 5 />rr Cent, from 31st May

1744 - - - -....

John Hickman Esquire, and Co. on 11/. 17x. 6</. at 5 per Cent, from 31st May 1744 Abraham Cajlres Esquire, and Co. on 464/. 2X. 2 d at j per Cent, from 29th September

*744 ....

Sarah Carpenter, and Susanna Beardjley, on 205/. i8x. \d. at 5 per Cent. from 31st

1744 - "

William Price, and Co. on 172/. nx. 9 d. at 5 per Cent. from 4th 1747 Samuel Seadon, on 200l. ox. o</. at 5 per Cent, from 31st 1744 - -

George Arnold Esquire, and Co. on 243/. 13X. id. at j per Cent, from 25 th May 1744 -Charles Hay, and Richard Addison, and Co. on 124/. 18 x.. 7 </. at 5 per CVatf. from 31st M?y 1744 ——

Jeremiah Crutehley Esquire, on 88/. 12X. 9//. at 5 />rr Gr«/. from 23th May 1744

if.

140 7 1

336 S 11 312 1 9

52 10 7 *4 *4 5

238 13 10

29 7

3 9°

127 5 7

59 x7

24 4 1

58 3 a 7* 3

36 6 7

25 16 10

14.333 *5 1

26th 1731. 7<m*x Poftlethwayty Accountant to the Commissioners for examining into

the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company.

APPENDIX, N* 3.

An ACCOUNT of Debts due from the Company, on Bonds, and other Securities, carrying Interest; for which a valuable Consideration was paid to the Company in Money, contained in N° 2. of the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company; together with die Intexeft on the said Debts contained in N° 7.; and also thelnterest on the said Debts, to Lady-day 1750.

N° 3. John Leapidge -3. Samuel Collet Esquire 13. Edward Lsuifa Mann Esquire -17. Charles Hayes Esquire -

22.. William Finch Esquire -

28. James Ecker/all Esquire -30. John Tilfon Esquire -

5*. Sir John Chapman Baronet -34. Walter Harris Esquire -74. Isaac Gregory Esquire -

87. Slingsby Betbell, and Charles Hayes Esquires,

and Co. -

88. Marmaduke Wefiwood -

90. John Coles, and Co.

93. Sarah Boteler -

99. Charles Lloyd Esquire -

102. Benjamin Periam Esquire -

103. John and James Goddard Merchants, and Co.

104. Pierce Dod, M. D.

110. Abraham Cajlres Esquire - -

II4.1

and > Dame Mary Lake, and Co. - -

115-J

130. Jane Hayne -

139. John Cale Esquire -

!40« James Goddard Merchant, and Co.

144. Dame Rebecca St. Sfuintin -

145. Honor at Smith Esquire -

N° 2. N *7- Interest to Day, 1750.

if. X. </. X. </. if- j. d.

277 5 3 89 I 6 80 12 9

i,ogo 0 0 0 0 0 471 4

494 6 0 0 0 0 *43 *5 0

M35 10 1 219 3 7 76 >3

1 >3*8 16 4 416 12 10 89 14 9

493 6 3 O 0 0 >43 9 3

#57 5 11 O 0 0 366 12 9

200 0 0 9 0 0 3 3

500 0 0 0 0 0 168 7 1

1,000 0 0 0 0 0 468 14 2

708 1 11 186 i 6 130 11 9

80S 1 11 2I4 2 1 >54 0

708 1 1 e 214 2 1 130 11 9

81 7 10 0 0 0 2J >3 3

81 >5 3 O 0 0 27 10 7

623 >5 4 O 0 0 58 14

2,369 1 . 1 397 16 2 2-6 2 9

244 0 3 O 0 0 80 9 9

494 5 0 0 0 0 138 14 6

3>i64 0 4 53° 2 4 I,os i 9 10

200 0 0 0 0 0 58 3 2

2.417 8 Hi 0 0 0 728 '5 4

331 H 0 96 7 1 54 »> 3

470 '9 11 0 0 0 129 3 4

2JO 0 0 33 11 2 72 14 1

i 57. William

24 Geo. II. 21 0 Maii255

N°2* N*7. Interest toLady-Day.ijso.

157. William Price, and Co. -179. Francis Hope good Esquire -229. William Wilkinson Esquire - 233. George Wombwe H JohnJames Grand>andCo. 234. Philip Lempricrey and Mary his Wife £ 1,250 O O 200 O O 200 O O 200 O O 200 O O £ s. d. 488 17 O OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO £ s. d. 175 6 10 58 3 2 58 3 58 3 3 58 3 5

Totals - - £ 22,289 3 6i 2,885 *7 4 5>59° *3 3

An ACCOUNT of Debts due from the Company, on Bonds, and other Securities, carrying Interest; for which a valuable Consideration was paid to the Company, by Goods fold and delivered, contained in the said N° 2.; together with the Interest on the said Debts, contained in N° 7. j and also the Interest on the said Debts, to Lady-Day, 1750.

N 2. N 7- Interest to Day, 1750.

N° 2. Richard King - . £- 332 r. *9 </. 0 £ 42 j. 17 d. 0 £. s. 42 it d. 0

3- John Leapidge - - - 4*5 4 0 l6 0 0 *23 13 O

6. James Farmer - - - 2,256 7 O 300 8 8 3IQ 4 II

14. Mefficurs Atkins, Cooke, Millsy and - 312 0 7 II O I I 90 14 IO

16. MefTieurs Ingrey Figne, and Luard - - 487 *7 0 47 19 O 66 11 2

26. Fdzvard Satcbwelly and Richard Boult - - 444 12 0 46 18 8 55 3 6

33- William Percy - - - 97 14 0 0 0 O 28 8 2

35- Samuel Simes - - - 147 *7 0 45 8 6 18 15 I

44 Fat* Rixtell Merchant, and Co. - - 200 0 0 0 0 O 65 12 3

47- Sarah Parsons - - - 96 4 0 3 l6 O 16 10 8

John Oram - - - 140 0 0 0 0 O 38 13 7

S3- George Arnold Esquire, and Co; - - 1,321 *5 0 28 7 6 384 7 IO

57* Taylor - - - 271 8 0 0 0 O 78 18 6

59- Samuel Robinson - - - 575 x9 0 83 18 9 78 19 3

65- Pearmatii and Robert Garrood - - 81 0 0 0 O 23 15 9

68. John Bridge - - - 30 ‘7 0 0 0 O 8 19 4

78. Shakespear and Co. - - - 6ll O 0 89 O O *77 *3 IO

89. Marmaduke Westwood - - 160 *5 0 Q O O 35 16 I

92. Edward and Randolph Knipe - - *>*57 IO 0 66 12 O 309 2 9

105. CaJJandra Beajlew - - - 206 s 0 O O d 59 *9 7

106. Sherman Godfrey - - - 292 9 0 52 *4 10 44 6 O

118. Richard Wilson - - IOO 0 0 4 II 9 2f I 7

119. Samuel Seatiiffe - - 324 5 0 0 0 0 9+ 5 11

*3*- Messieurs Richard Latewardy and Co. . - 55 18 6 0 0 0 *6 5 2

162. Samuel Freeman - . - 54 16 O 0 0 0 15 18 7

168. Thomas Sharpe - - 88 16 O 0 d 0 25 *5 5

182. Etbertngton Dyall - - - 5 16 O 0 0 0 *3 8

183. Martha Anjlow - - - 31 14 6 0 0 0 9 4 5

184. Collier - - - 273 15 O 40 1 0 79 *a 3

I$2. Richard Baker - - - 104 4 O 0 0 0 30 6 I

201. Benjamin Weale - - - 34i 10 0 0 0 0 99 6 3

2l8. William Johnson - - - 22 1 O 0 0 0 6 8 2

Totals - - £ n>°53 4 7 87914 7 2,466 14 7

N*

An ACCOUNT of Debts due from the Company, on Bonds, and other Securities, carrying Interest, which were purchased by, or deposited with, the Claimants, or were issued for Salaries or Wages due to the Company’s Officers and Servants, or for Sailors Wages, contained in the said N°. 2. j together with the Interest on the said Debts, contained in N°. 7.; and also the Interest on the said Debts, to , 1750;

Purchased.

4*- John Clarke - -

46. Henry Jefferys - -

64. Pearman - -

75- Edmund Hackitt - -

76. Francis Hall - 4 a.

93- Richard Reeve - -

I0J. 7^5 Hall - - - - _ -

126. Martha Adamsy and Jfliw Briand

128. Richard Curzon - -

130. Ilayne ——

Vol. 26.

N° 2. N' ’7- Interest to Day, 1750.

£ </. £ J. d. £ r. d.

72 II IO 3 13 5 2 3 9 4

158 15 O O 0 0 46 3 4

95 0 0 0 0 0 27 12 6

45 0 0 0 0 0 *3 1 8

78 8 O 0 0 0 28 6 9

588 3 4 0 0 0 225 2 3

42 10 0 0 0 0 12 7 2

88 17 6 0 0 0 25 16 11

70 0 0 0 0 0 20 7

*5 4 0 0 0 0 39 1 10

141. James

African Company.


Africa*

Company*

2 56 2i° Ma17S

Porchaftd. N 0 2. N 7* Interest t Day, 1750.

£ S. £ J. d. £ s.

N* *4‘* Jdww Prater to - 3lt 2 2 (5 0 O 90 1 4

150. Claud Johtifvn Esquire to - II 8 O 0 ' O 1691

i si* David Brucei and Co. to - 400 0 0 0 0 0 *54 ‘3 8

161. Mary RawlinfOH - - - - 160 0 0 0 0 0 52 6 11

166. Jonathan Eade - - - IOO 0 0 0 0 0 36 3 0

177. fVMam Hammond Esquire - - to IOO 0 0 0 0 0 29 1 7

181, The Right Honourable Rdberf Lord RoMney

and John Blackwood Esquire - - 265 5 6 s O 0 O 77 2 10

403. John Gascoynt Esquire - - to IOO 6 Q d O 46 18 8

£05* The Reverend Mr. Jmts - w 300 d 0 0 0 0 70 l6 II

a2U ‘Thomas Lord Erjkint im; W IOO 0 O O 0 6 30 18 8

235. John Mallory - - 50 0 0 0 0 0 14 id 10

Deposited.

36. John Bladwett - to - 200 0 0 0 0 0 47 4 7

5<k David Andtrjon - - ’ - - - - 200 0 0 0 0 0 47 + 7

*95* Jo/hua Fut&e - - IOO 0 - 0 0 0 0 43 3

204 John Bland - * - to 1,200 o- 0 0 0 d 283 7 11

Servants Wages.

24. Hannah Baytyi and Co. Richard Spence - * - - 776 12 9 O d 0 488 16 J

39* - - 497 1 5 6 d 0 28 9 2

48. Edward Sparke - - 396 l7 0 0 0 6 44+n

SO. Elizabeth Forbes, and Co. 82 1 6 O 0 6 OOOO

86. 70A# Hickman Esquire, and Co. - - 4 2 6 6 <5 6 13 8

117* Thomafma Newtony and Co. *°J 0 O O 0 6 i i 14 1

Sailors Wages. '

97- John May - to ' 39 >3 O 12 1 5' 0 5

ir}. Captain George Geddes * to - 397 5 O d O 9 168 13 7

140. Goddard Merchant* add Co. to 84 3 4 10 12 5 13 <7 9

til 7.443 5 s 46 ‘9 3 1,976 *J 5

An ABSTRACT of the preceding Account:

Money advanced Goods fold and delivered Sundry Accounts -

N° 2. N° 7. tiiCeUtltbLddy £>*y, A

£*' / / £ x. d. £ i*

" 22,289 3 6i 2,885 17 4 , &590 *3 3

ml *1,053 4 7 879 14 7 2,466 i+ 7

- 7.443 S 5 26 19 3' *.976 *3 5

£ 40,735 13 61 3,792 11 i *<5.634 3

N*4

Act ACCOUNT of Bonds, and other Securities, carrying Interest, which were issued to the Sub and Deputy-Governors, and some of she Members of the Court of Assistants of the said Company, for their Attendances at Courts and Committees, contained in N\ 4; and also the Interest on the said Securities, to Lady-Day, 1750.

Interest to Lady-

an 4« Haft 17 $0.

£ i. d. £ '

*7- Charles Hayes Esquire - to to . A - 4i° O Q 40 1 S3

18. Sir Atwell Lake Baronet - - - 7*14 13 4 124 15 4

28. James Eckerfall Esquire - - - 226 12 3 58 9

3*' SohmoH AJbley Esquire - 466 *3 2 38 13 9

45* Edward Gouge Esquire - - - $22 11 10 67 3

49- Samuel Jones Esquire - - - ~ 5OO !3 8 62 7 5

66. Hugh Kennedy Esquire - - " 51 0 8 0 7 5

72. IJrael Skirmer Esquire - - - 21 6 6 0 3 1

73* Captain Thomas Collet - - - - 63 T9 9 °93

79* Thomas IVallis Esquire, arid Co. - - - 86 6 1 12 13 3

*3- Edwafd HUlerfdane Esquite - 18 5 7 027

84. John AJbley Esquire - 95 19 6 0 13 11

86. John Hickman Esquire - - -s - 20 *9 0 6 i 9

87* Slingsiy Betbeil, and Charles Hayei, Efouires, and Co. _ - if 80 4 10 23 6 8

88. Marniadttke Westwood -r . - - 80 4 10 23 6 8

6°* John Coles) and Co. - - - to - 80 4 10 23 6 8

9 5. Sarah

24 Geo. II.

ai6 Mail.

HI

NJ 95. 102. loe.

and

104.

145-

154.

170.

J79-

182.

189.

*93'

219.

*37-

Bottler, and Co. Benjamin Periam EsquirC - -

John Laroche Esquire

Dame Mary Lake and Co.

James Goddard Merchant and Co. Honorat Smith Esquire John Vaughan Esquire Andrew Hopegood Esquire - -

Francis Hopegood Esquire -Etberington Dyal, and Co. -Alexander Outcbterlony Esquire -Bibye Lake Esquire -George Jarvis Tapps Esquire John Bodicoate Esquire

N° 4. Interest to Lady-Day 1750.

£ S, d r. d

L 1 1 a - 692 2 II 127 O O

Act - - - 649 9 8 142 H 5

m * 183 lO 7 49 7

- L - 1,950 O O *>454

- - - ^OI 18 9 5 9 7

* - - 101 *5 8 21 16 6

* - - - 22 I 9 O 3

- - 32 4 6 4 3 2

JL - 300 H 7 68 9 8

"' - - - 4° 19 6 II 18 3

- - 32 9 6 O O O

I23 8 3 7 8 i

" - - 20 12 3 4 5 5

" 30 II 8 7 17 4

Totals - - - £> 8,391 *5 5 2>497 n 7

N°

African

Company.

AN ACCOUNT of Bonds, and other Securities, carrying Interest, which were issued to the Officers, or Servants, of the Company, who were employed abroad, for their Services or Dealings with the Company, or to other Persons, for Goods fold and delivered to their Agents, at their Forts and Settlements on the Coastof Africa, or purchased by the Claimants, contained in the said N° j; together with the Interest on the said Debts contained in N° 7.; and also the Interest on the said Debts, to Lady-Day, 1750.

N* 5- N° 7- Interest to Day, 1750.

N° 7. £. S. d £ J. d s. d\

t)avid Crichton Esquire - 1 a 2,229 *5 3 O O 0 142 12 8

23. William Stead, and Co. - 1,400 O O - 179 O 6 129 5 2

25- Ebenezer Young - - 57* 9 9 57 12 2 140 7 1

32. Henry Lajccllcs Esquire,~and Co, - 839 7 II O O O £3* 8 11

37- CharleS Bladwell Esquire - 1.073 2 6 O O O 3J2 9

60. Thomas Melvill Esquire - - 180 2 5 O O O 5* 10 7

«3- Alexander FergUfon, and Co. - - - 50 12 8 O O O 14 >4 5

69. William Whitaker, and 7*01*1 Taylor, and Co.. 832 5 O O O O .: 238 IC IQ

71* William Gaytber, and William Benford, and Co. IOO O O O O O 29 I 7

86. Hickman Esquire - - 11 17 6 O O O 3 9 0

III. Abraham Cafires Esquire - - 464 2 2 O O O 127 5 7

15a. aforafr Carpenter, and Susannah Beardjley, and 18

Co. - - - -: 205 4 O O O 59 17 8

>57* William Price, and Co. - - 17a I I 9 O O Q . 24 4 2.

160. Samuel Seadon - 200 0 0 0 O O 58 3 2

*75- George Arnold Esquire, and Co. - 243 *3 1 O 6 O 7* 3

191. Charles Hay, and Richard Addifort - - 124 18 7 0 0 0 36 6 7

049. Jeremiah Crutcbley Esquire - 88 12 9 . O 0 O . 25 16 10

Totals L 8,788 9 8- 236 12 8 1,802 2 3

A B S T R AC T of the above Account;

- Principal. - Interest in N*’7. Interest to Lady-; Day, 1750,

£' * £. s. d £:; J,

N*. 2. - - - - 40.78513 6i 3.^92 1» 2 10,034 1 3

N#. 4. - - - - 8.391 *5 5 O O ’ O 2,497 I .:

N\ 5 8,788 9 8 . , 236 12 8 1,802 2 3

£- 57.9.65 18 7i 4,029 3 I a ' 14.333 »S 1

3d May 175.14

James Poftlethwayt, Accountant so the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company.

Vol. a

3 U

appendix.

*5$

21" Mail.

J. 1751.

400

J.,600

o

o

African Appendix, n# 4.

Company. Ap ESTIMATE of Mr. George Fryer’s Expellee in settling and repairing George Island in Sierraleon.

Bars S. D.

To King Ba Samma, the Owner of the Island at Times -To S° Gramettars and Slaves, $onftancly employed for Two Years, at 2 Bars per Montji Vvages, and 1 Par^fr; Montl^ Provisions - -

To Shells to make Lime ,' f.....- -

To 3 large Canons, broke and made useless by fetching Timber for the repairing tl\e Warehouses, - -

To 50 Iron Bars, expended in making pars for the trading Warehouse Windows, t^e Magazine, the Lodging Rooms Windows, for Hinges and Bolts for the whole Settlement, and for making tfye Gun Carriages -To 5 Czvt. of Nails for Doors, Windows, 6fr.

Reduced into Sterling -

To a Carpenter Six Months, in . making Warehouse Frames and Doors, Window ditto, Gun Carrjages,of Iron, Wood, £sh. Work for the Fort only, at 5 /. Sterling

130 o

5°

140

T 4,640

P

o

o

o

1,160

j. d.

o o

30 o

£. 1,190 o o

To the Utility of the Settlement -

APPENDIX, N* 5.

Di/btirfed by Alexander Grqnt, Rickard OJwald\ and Company, for the Purchase of the Fort and Settlement of JBance Island, now George Island, in Sierra Leon River, in Africa, bought of Mr. jGeorge Fryer in July 1748; as also on the Support and Maintenance thereof, to this 6th of May 1751.

Cost of the original Purchase 5 viz.

In Consideration of Mr. Fryer’s affigping to us, or to Richard Oswald for our Behoof, the Property and Pofiession of the said Settlement, with all the Appendages thereto belonging, in a separate Deed, executed for that Purpose, and dated the 8th July 1748, we agreed to take off his Hands a large Quantity of Refuse Goods lying the re (extremely unforced, and unfit for Trade without an Addition of a large Supply from Europe) and at the first Cost Prices, with Freight and Insurance; as also the Guns and Artillery Stores, Sloops, and other Vefiejs, Slaves, Provisions, and other Effects remaining at the Settlement; viz.

Paid Mr. fryer,per Mr. Melvips Inventory; viz.

For Guns, and other military Stores

Sloops, Boats, and other Craft, and Stores -

Rice, and other Fadlory Provisions -

Sundry ftnall Stores - - - . -

Ditto - - - - , -

Empty Calks, and other Packages - -

Sundry Expences at taking the Inventory -

28 Slaves ——

Camwood and Teeth delivered to - ... - r

Sundry Refuse and unforted Goods -

Freight and Insurance from London to Sierrq Leon., agreed at 7 per Cent, on a,712/. 10 j. od.

Deduct,

Sundries paid out of the above Goods on Mr, fryer’s Account, after Delivery to us -

Amount of Mr, Fryer’s Inventory - . -

in London

Debtor,

We paid to Mr. Fryer, as the Amopnt of his Inventory -

£ s. d.

- 226 l9 uf

- 44a 2 iof

68 9 11

- 12 7

2 7 II

- 22 3 0

20 16 If

84 b 0

' - 2,776. 2 16 0 8f

189 17 6

£.4,908 3 if

356 1 if

£-4,5 t of

hjm

Vr> 0 VO 1 P 0

- £ 3>9 a Of

Sloop Mercury apd Cargo - -

Provisions for the Factory from Ireland, in the Swallow

Advance Wages to Messieurs Staples and Donnaldson, our Agents

Attorney’s Account of Writings of Copartner, f9c. V

Insurance on the Sloop Mercury, Home -

Her Wages and Charges Inwards , - - . u -

Her Cargo to Sierra Leon, and Opt-set a Second tiifie; ' " - ' ‘ ' -

Insurance on Slaves, in the St. Ferdinand, to St. ChriflopbeVs- -

Insurance on Slaves* in the Betjey, to Virginia - . - -

Wages due to Captain Freebokm, and Money advanced him, payable in Britain

Wages due to Mr. Staple*, fcur other Agent; payable ip Britain , -

Draughts from the Factory for Wages to Sundries; vtii £. Robert Melvil - ( - - - 58

Samuel Staples____. 4 - - 109

James Bonnaldjon - - - 43

jA^Lyqtf (r -. 8

> there £ yviz. s. J.

626 3 2

*39 15 4

58 12 0

4‘ >7 6

35 16 6

16 5 *4 1

*>373 11 8

5° 12 6

59 0 6

75 0 0

66 0 0

j.

5

o

10

I9

d.

S

o

o

o

Mr. Oswald’s Commission for Management 2i Years Medicines sent to the Factory, and other petty Expences -

To Interest on Money on 4,500l. for Year at $ per Cent.

219

*75

20

14

o

o

5

Q

3

3,206

337

17

10

11

o

£.7,491 9 nj

Contra,

ii° Mail

14 Geo. II*

Contra, # Creditor.

By lundry Remittances from the Settlement; $>fe.

Part of the Mercury's Cargo, delivered to Mr. Fryer's Agent on the Island -

Produce of the Mercury's Cargo, from Sierra Leon, at London, including what Wood and Teeth we

had of Mr. Fryer ....

Proceeds of Slaves, by the St. Ferdinand\ to St. Christopher's -

Proceeds of Slaves, per the Betfey, to Virginia -

May 4, 1751. — By Balance due to us, by the Fort and Settlement, at this Date -

2 59

1 £ s. d.

273 *9 5

60 9 6

437 9 6

1,032 11 10

5,140 >9 81

7>49* 9 Hi

Africa*

Company*

London, 6th May 1751; Richard Oswald, for himself and Company, and John Donnaldson, their Book-keeper, declare, That this Account is just and true; and that the said Richard Oswald and Company are now actually ia Advance, upon the said Fort and Settlement of Bance Island, the above-mentioned Balance of Five thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eightpence Farthing, excepting 1411, of British Wages, as yet unpaid, to Messieurs Freebairn and Staples; and that they know of no other Remittances made from the said Settlement than what arc mentioned in this Account; to the Truth of which they arc ready to make Oath.

African House, Richard Oswald,

London, April 17th, 1751. John Dormaldson.

APPENDIX, N°6.

Am ACCOUNT of the Transferrable Stock of the Royal African Company of England, as it stands at present;

and as it stood at Christmas 1748, and at Christmas 1730: And also,

An ACCOUNT of the T rust Stock of the said Company, as it stood at the same Periods; together with an Account in whom the said Trust Stock is vested, and how it arose.

1726: At a General Court, held this Day, it was then agreed,

*March 23d. That, in order to enable the Company to r*ife such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be judged necessary for carrying on the Trade the present nominal Transferable Stock being 1,0»8,08 j/. 9 s. 4 d* be reduced, and carried to new Books; and that, for every 800 L Credit in the present Books, the respective Proprietors be credited for 100l. and so proportionably for a greater or Idler Sqm, which reduced the Transferrable Stock to be -

And the Court of Assistants were like wife impowered to make such an Enlargement, Addition, or Additions, to the then present Stock so reduced, as they should think fit, foas that the Transferrable Stock so reduced, and such an Enlargement, Addition, or Additions, of new Stock, did not in the whole exceed 400,000l. Capital which was -

And then the General Stock was 400,000 /.

On the 29th Day of December 1727, 22,030/. of the Trust Stock was transferred to Charles Hayes Esquire, whereof 8,000 /. was sold by the said Charles Htyes Esquire, with the Privity of the Court of Assistants, at 40 per Cent, and the remaining 14,000/ was transferred to the Trust Stock on the 3d Day of March 1728-9.

On the 4th Day of March 1728-9 the Trustees fold and transferred to Henry Parsons Esquire, 64,739/. iu. 4/. of the said Trust Stock, at 40 per Cent.

And on the 23d of October 1729, the Court of Assistants, in pursuance of the Order of a General Court of the said 23d March 1726, directed the Trustees to transfer to Francis Lym Esquire 10,000l. of the said T rust Stock,to be disposed of without Account, for defraying all Charges of the Company’s Application for an Allowance from the Publick; and the Care thereof was referred to Sir Bibye Lake Baronet, Henry Parsons, and Charles Hayes, Esquires; and the said 10,000l. was ordered to be valued in the Company’s Books at 30 1730 jper Cent.

Dee. 31. Then the Transferrable and Trust Stock stood thus

N. B. The Trustees never transferred or fold any of the Trust Stock, after December 31st 1730, but what Alterations or Dispositions of the Trust Stock were made after that Time, were either by Order of a General Court, or Court of Assistants, as follows:

A Dividend of 10per Cent, was added to each Proprietor’s Stock, by Order of a General Court of November 21st 1733, which amounted to 22,189/. 151. 9d.\ which diminished the Trust Stock, and increased the Transferrable Stock to 1740: Mr. John Tyfoe transferred to the Trustees 2,20a/.: This was

Nov. 27, the 2,000l. Trust Stock, with the Addition of the Dividend of 10 per Cent. Part of the 64,739/. IIJ‘ 4 d. fold and transferred to Henry Parsons\Lfi\o\rt} but was never paid for by him; and the same had stood in the Name of the said John Tyfoe ever finoe the 28th August 1730, in order to be transferred to said Parsons, in case he had paid for the fame; or to the Company, if he did not; and, as he never paid for the fame, the said 2,000l. with the Dividend upon it, was, on the 27th November 1740, re-transferred by said ^Tyfoe to the Trust Stock accordingly, which decreased the Transferable Stock, and increased the Trust Stock r

Vol. 26.

Transferrable Stock

Trust Stock.

27 2,739 lt 4

210,000 o o

232,189 15 9

229,989 ij 9

190,000 o o

167,810 4 3

170,010 4

3

Sir

A ftic an Cotrfpa'ny.

260

1741:

Bee. 24.

Jan. 15.

1748: Dec. 31.

>749'

Off.

±lh M.

Nov. 16.

D*c. 19.

1750: OC7. 20.

SiV/ftw? transferred to the Trustees 5,000l. of the Transferable Swck, as a Satisia&ion for Demands the Company had bn One of their Agents abroad; which decreased the Transferable Stock, and increased the Trust Stock -

By Order, 11.897/. i8r. 8d. Part of the foresaid Trust Stock was wrote off, and placed to the Transferable Stock, to make tip a Deficiency, occasioned by Frauds committed by Amos Stocker, a Clerk in the Transfer Office; which increased the Transferable Stock, and decreased the Trust Stock to -

No alterations having been made to this Time, the same flood; viz* Transferable Stock £36,887/ 14*. 5^. TrustScock 165,112/.

5 s. 7 d. as aforesaid.

By Order of the Court of Assistants, 5,112/. 5s, yd. of the Trust Stock was wrote off to the Account of Charles Mainwaring, to be by him disposed of at the best Price he could get for the fame; and the Produce to be applied to pay the Officers and Servants at Home, which he fold zt $ per Cent. and then the Transferable Stock flood thus ——

By Order of the Court of Assistants, 4,000l. of the Trust Stock, was in like Manner, and for the like Purposes, wrote off to Mr.

Lazarus Simon, which he sold at the Rate of 5 /. per Cent. then both the Stocks flood thus -

By Order of the Court of Assistants, there was wrote off from the Trust Stock 12,000 /. which was placed in the Name of Peter Taylor; and on the 2d of January following, the further Sum of 42,090/. was wrote off from the said Trust Stock, and placed in the Name of the said Peter Taylor, both Sums making together 54,000l.; and the said Peter Taylor disposed of 55,000l. of the said Stock at 5 per Cent. and accounted with the Company for the Money; then both Stocks flood thus -

Peter Taylor transferred the Sum of 21,000l. to the Sub and Deputy Governors, and Court of Assistants, and the whole of the Trust Stock was vested in them; and the Transferable and Trust Stock flood thus - -- -- -I 279,000 o

Which is the present State of the Stock, this 17th Day of April 1751.

For the Royal African Company of England.

Simon Kelsey, Deputy Accountant.

a A. 1751

T ransferrable Stock :./ Trust Stock.

£. s. d. / £ s- s.

224,989 1$ 9 1 I 175,010 4

236,887 14 5 I 163,112 5 7

242,000

246,000

o / 158,000 o o

154,500 o o

300,000 o

100,000 o o

121,000 O' o

APPENDIX, N° 7.

The same of Mr. Hopcgood's Family, with relpeCb to the African Stock now remaining in their Names.

Andrew Hopegood Esquire, the Father, having a Demand on the Company, for Principal Money, really and bond side lent, and Interest, amounting together to the Sum of 7,384/. did in the Year 1712, subscribe the same into the Company’s Stock at Par, and thereby became intided to 7,584/. Capital Stock; which, although no Part of it has been alienated since the First Purchase, yet by the several Variations and Reductions the Company have fmee made in their Stock, notwithstanding all the Calls have been duly paid in upon the fame, yet is now reduced to 559/. Capital Stock; besides which, the said Andrew Hopegood, since the Year 1712, viz. in the Years 1720, 1722, and 1723, hath laid out in the Purchase of other Parcels of the said Stock the Sum of 7,211 /. none of which Stock cost less than 30 /. per Cent. and not any of the whole Sum alienated since the Time of first* subscribing or purchasing the fame, but through the like Variations and Reductions made by the Company; the Representativesof the said Hopegood have Credit in the Company’s Books for only 1,676/. for such Jaft pure ha fed Stock; but in regard that many other Proprietors may be under the like Circumstances, with respect to the last-

mentioned several Parcels of Stock, they waive any particular Claim in respe<5l thereto; but humbly hope, with respect to the first mentioned Sum, in which their same is singular, they may be intided to a DistinClion from the other Proprietors of Stock, and may be considered accordingly out of the Compensation to be allowed to the Proprietors.

APPENDIX, N° 8.

African House, 7 At a General Court of the Royal Act'ican JVatling-street. j Company of England.

March 30th 175 r.

Resolved unanimously.

That the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds be demanded as a reasonable Satisfaction to the Proprietors of the Royal African Company of England, over and above the Payment of their just Debts; for which said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds the said Proprietors do agree to be di~ vested of all their Property in Africa.

By Order of a General Court,

Richard Spence, Secretary.

To the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England is referred, &c.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report with the Appendix.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

4

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Th.1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Fib the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River Thames and Waters of Medway.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, p^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Rof the Bill for the more effectual preventing Robberies, B urg- Wc

Jaries,

24 GEO.IL 2i° — 22 z6i

laries, and other Outrages, within the City and Liberty of Westminster. and the several Parishes and Places adjoining thereto; and for the more effectual Apprehending and Convicting oi Offenders within the Bills, of Mortality. Abbrevia- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

tion(ofMi- whole House, to whom tiic Bill for the Abbreviation of chaelmas Michaelmas Term was committed, be received To-mor-

Tenn’ row Morntng.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° Maii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ben net and

Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

BulflrodPs The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Estates. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of the Estate late of George Gardner Esquire, deceased; and for settling and difpr sing of the Lands belonging to Edward Bulftvode Esquire, upon the said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances; and for a Provision for himself, and his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement: And also,

Preservation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. of Game in for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Scotland. Great Britain called Scotland, without any Amendment: And also,

Carlisle The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Road. for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne> without any Amendment: And also,

Edinburgh The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge to the Town of fhteensferry, in the County of Linlithgow, without any Amendment: And also,

Avon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Navigation, for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River, without any Amendment: And also,

Greenock The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Town and for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Harbour. part a penny Sterling on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Greenock, and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Finn art, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Michel's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wfll. for the better tffcfting the Purposes mentioned in the Will of John Michel, late of Richmond, in the County of Surry, Esquire, deceased, for the Benefic and Advantage cf Queen’s College, in the University of Oxford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Robberies on An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Preventing of Navigable Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable River, Ports of Rivers. Lncry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays adjacent, was read the T hird time.

Vol. 26.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

L. 3. After " shall" to insert " of Malice."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be.

An Act for the more effectual Preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any nav gable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays adjacent.

Ordered, That S r William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Legge, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to the Accounts re-House, pursuant to their Orders, valHalf Pa*

An Account of the Abatement of Three Pence per Pound from Navy Bills, payable to Flag Officers and superannuated Sea Officers, from 30th August 1740 to 30th August 1750, distinguishing what Part (hereof has been abated from the Pay of the blag Olhcers, and what Part from the Pensions of the superannuated Sea Officers:

And also,

An Account of the Deductions of Three Pence per Pound out of the Wages of Commission and Warrant Officers, borne on-Ships Books Yard Books, and Half-Pay Lifts, paid between the First January 1740 and 31st May 17 jo: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between id July and 31st December 1740, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the T hree Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between iff:

January 1741 and 30th June 1741, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three t 'ence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefic of Sea Officers Widows:

And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift July 1740 and 31st December 1741, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the T hree Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows:

And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift January 1741 and 30th June 1742, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers W idows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between the ift July 1742 and 31st December 1742, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefic of Sea Officers Widows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift January 1742 and 30th June 1743, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers W7idows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift July and 31st December 1743, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows:

And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half- Pay, between ift January 1743 and 30th June 1744, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift July and 31st December 1744, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows:

And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift January 1744 and 30th June 1745, distinguishing the full Sum due to -each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: And also,

3 X A Lift

12° Mail.

j. 1751.

A Lift of Sea Officers entitled to Half-Pay, between id July 1745 and31st December 1745, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: Andalfo,

A Lift of Sea Officers inticled to Half-Pay, between the ift January 1745 anc* 3oc^ June ll^, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: Andalfo,

A Lift of Sea Officers inticled to Half-Pay, between ift July and 31st December 1746, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Penct per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers inticled to Half-Pay, between ift January 1746 and 30th June 1747> distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift July 1747 and 31st December 1747, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: Andalfo,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift January 1747, and 30th June 1748, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half Pay, between ift July and 31st December 1748, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows 2 And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half-Pay, between ift January 1748 and 30th June 1749* distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows: And also,

A Lift of Sea Officers intitled to Half Pay, between ift July 1749 and 31st December 1749, distinguishing the full Sum due to each, and the Three Pence per Pound abated from the same, for the Benefit of Sea Officers Widows.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts and Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund, Sec.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wilson, Mr. Poore, Mr. Morton, Mr. Fellozves, Lord Barrington, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Thiftiewayte, Mr. Carmichael; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Salop, and Montgomery: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir Cordel Firebrace reported from the Committee, fco Frowde'i whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester, Stafford\ and Derby, devised by the Will of Sarah Frowde Widow, deceased, in Ralph Blots Clerk, in Fee-simple, and for settling an entire Estate in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Farcies concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered ihe Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, to explain and amend an Act, passed Westminster in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for Small Debts, the more eafv and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Parc of the Duchy of LancaJler which adjoineth thereto) and for making the said Act more effectual, was read the Third rime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to exp ain and amend an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto) and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That the Lord Trentham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Dochyof resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies c of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That rhey had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jura’s, &c. for naturalizing John Jug!a, and Stephen Cogigian, was read Nat-the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl Powis* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Article?6 ^0r ^bliffiing and confirming Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Henry Arthur, Earl of Powis, with Barbara Countess of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. West, Mr. Arundel, Mu Fane, Mr. Legge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, Sir William Tonge, Lord Downe, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Salujlury, Lord Parker, M r. Bayntun, Sir Edmund!homas, M r. Colleton% Lord Egmont, Lord Trentham, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, General Oglethorpe, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lewis, Lord Coke, Mr. Finch, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Soe%k’» for naturalizing Philip Jacob, Baron de SoeJJyk van Cloon, Nat*

Lord of Rbynwickj was read the First time.

Rejdved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for InJorfw^of amending and making more effectual a Clause (in an Act Warrants b] passed in the last Session of Parliament) for the Appre- Ju:liccf* hending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace, in any other County or Place: And that Mr. Poore, Mr. Colleton, and Mr.

Moreton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the AbWlatu Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom of Michasl

the mas l erm.

A (Tent Bills.

24 Geo. II. 22°

the Bill for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Terna Was commuted, be now read:

And the laid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A (Tent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for reducing the intercft upon the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, from the Time, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, and for preventing of Frauds committed by the Officers and Servants of the said Company.

An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianffiip of their Persons.

An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use.

An Act for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, and for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius, in the County of Middlesex.

An Act for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) and for further regulating and encouraging the said Manufactures.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and within the Bail of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London) and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.]

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Wendover, to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called the Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconffield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Be-consfield, to the River Colne, near Uxbridge aforesaid.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Killy in the County of Gloucefiery to Frog Mill, and through the Towns of Northleach, Buford, and Witney, and Parishes of Handborough and Bladcny to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidiington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, (Sumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford.

An Act for repairing the High Roads leading from Darlington, in the Councy of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodftcck, through Kiddington and Vol. 26.

Enftone, to Roll-right Lahe, and from Lnftow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and for making the Act more effectual.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brurnpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of AJkrigg and Ingleton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heinng Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmo) land.

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Brads.rd and Horton, and the ocher through Bowling and Wibfey, to die Town of Halifax, in the same Riding; as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds, and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor, through Kidhall Lane, over Winmoor, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Halton Dyally where it comes into the above said Road, between Selby and Leeds.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofer ton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County, and for making the said Act more effectual.

An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road, proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of New castle-upon-Tyne.

An Act for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge, to the Town of Sftu.eensferry, in the County of Lin'ithgow.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Kibble, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish-house, in the Councy of Lancaster.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and IVaveney, so far as the same relates to the Navigation of che River commonly called the Lejfer Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

An Act for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Wore eft er, and Glow; eft er, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-Carriage upon the said River.

An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob in the County of Gloucester, and in the City and Councy of Bristol, and for erecting a Church in the new-intended Parish.

An Act to enable the Pariffiioners of the Parish of Saint Mary Jftin^ton, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

An


264 220 Mail. A. 1751*

Royal Assent An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and to Bills. Inhabitants of the Houses in Golden Square, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, ' to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for raising Money

sufficient for the better inclosing, paving, enlightening, and adorning, of the said Square, and supporting, and keeping of the same in Repair, for the future.

An Act for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, - Streets, and other Passages, and regulating the nightly Watch and Bedels in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex.

An Act for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold, within the Town of Greenock, and Baronies of EaJIer and Wester Greenock, and Finnart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable the most Noble Jane Duchess Dowager of Argyll and Greenwich, to grant Leases of the Ground, and Repairing Leases of the Houses and Buildings in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Will of John late Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, deceased.

An Act for charging divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and County of Hertford, Part of the settled Estate of ll iliiam Earl Cowper, with raising Money towards defraying the Expences of rebuilding the said Houses in London, bbrnt clown and destroyed by Fire.

An Act for vesting divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Corkey in the Kingdom of Ireland, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Egmont in him and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses of that Settlement, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

An Act for the Sale of a Capital Messuage at Bromley, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, late the Edate of Sir Charles Peers Knighc, deceased, some time since one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for purchasing another Edate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

An Act to enable John Primrose, Esquire, commonly called Lord Dalmenie, to secure a Jointure to Mary Countess of Rojeberry, his Mother, and make Provisions for his Brother and Sider, out of the entailed Edate late of Sir Archibald Primrose, Knight, deceased.

An Act for vesting the undivided Twelfch Part of John Jekyll, an Infant, in the real Edate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for Sale of the Edate late of Edmund Pleydell Esquire, in Gloucestershire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Edate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

An Act to enable Sir William Maxwell of Monreith, Baronet, or other Heirs of Enrail, for the Time being, to fell Lands in the County of Wigtown, for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the effectual securing of a Jointure, by way of Rent-Charge, for Barbara Mainwaring Eller ker, Wife of Eaton Mainwaring Ellerkcr Esquire, and raising Portions for their younger Children, pursuant to an Agreement contained in their Marriage Settlement, and for confirming and establishing the Surname of Ellerker, and the Coat of Arms of the Ellerkers of Rifby, in the County of York, and the Cred granted by King Henry the Eighth to the said Eaton Ala inwar ing Ellerker, and his I due.

An Act for confirming a Partition of the Edate late of George Gardner Esquire, deceased, and for settling and disposing of the Lands belonging to Edward Bu/JlrodeEiquire, upon the said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances, and for a Provision for himself, and his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage-Settlement.

An Act to impower the Guardian or Guardians of Thomas Horner Esquire, an Infant, for the Time being,

3

to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates, in the County of Somerset, during his Minority, according to the Usage and Cukom of the Country, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands in Suffolk, Part of the settled Edate of Thomas Moyle Esquire, in Trustees, in Trud, to sell the same pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale towards the Purchase of another Edate, of greater Value, to be settled to the like Uses.

An Act for the better effecting the Purposes mentioned in the Will of John Michel, late of Richmond, in the County of Surry Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit and Advantage of Queen s College, in the University of Oxford.

An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Welton, in the County of York, and for settling a yearly Sum on the Vicar, in Lieu of Tythes, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Wade Grounds in the Parish of Tatton, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for inclosingand dividing the Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Meadows, and Wade Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Far things tone, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Manor and Parish of Hunfby, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for impowering Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, to inclose Besford Common, in the County of Worcester, and for setting out and appointing proper Roads over the fame, and for charging the said Common with a perpetual yearly Rent, in Lieu of certain Rights and Privileges, claimed by James Cocks Esquire, as Lord Paramount of the Manor of Besford.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing the Common Padures, and Common Grounds, within the Manor of Hutton-Bushell,in the County of York.

An Act for vesting, for a certain Term of Years, in Michael Menzies Esquire, his Execurors, Administrator>, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Machine by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places where they are dug, to the Heaps at the Mouths of the Pits, and, in some Cafes, from the Heaps to the Staiths, or Places where they are put on board Ships or Keels.

An Act to enable William Leyborne, formerly called William Leyborne Taylor, to take and use the Surname of Leyborne only, and bear the Coat of Arms of the Family of Leyborne, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle, William Leyborne, deceased.

An Act for enabling James Langston, formerly called James Haughton, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, and bear the Family Arms, of Langston, pursuant to the Will of James Langston, his Uncle, deceased.

An Act to enable John Fenwick, lately called John Wilson, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Name, and bear the Arms of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fenwuk.

An Act for naturalizing Count Stephanas Laurentiiis Neale.

The Lord Trentham preferred to the House, according P to Order, a Bill for paving, cleaning, enlightening, and p keeping in Repair, the Street called Pall Mall, as an Experiment towards the paving, cleaning, enlightening, and keeping in Repair, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Precincts of the Savoy, and that Parc of the Duchy of Lancajfer which adjoineth thereto: Arid the same was received; and received the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr.

tL

24 Geo. II*

22

Mail.

265

Fitz-

Maurice’s

Name.

Wood’t

ERatei.

Duties on linen Yam.

Mr. Speaker, ..

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable John Fitz-Maurice, and his I ffue, to take and use the Surname of Petty, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Henry late Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased: To which the Lords de-fire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of cei tain Estates in the County of Stafford, of Christopher Wood Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for settling other Lands in Lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon foreign Linen Yarns, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Reynolds took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Reynolds^reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

impowered to erect upon the Road leading from the said main or great Road, to the said City of Peterborough, but at no other.*’

And the Question there inferred;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

being put, That those Words be

, . , _ $ Sir John Cust,

Tel.ers for the Yeas,| Q0|0nci

C Sir George Oxenden, Tellers for the Noes, |Mr:

7

5

7

29.

61.

Orders of the Day.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read 5 The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Msnufacture solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Pe- car cs* tkion of the Agents for several of the British Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither, Soap-makers, Dry-falters, Whitfters, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of Thomas Stephens, were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confrder of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Means, fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1

78.

35*

Alconbury

Hill, &c. Roads.

: TdlersforUKYtas, ,-npm:

Tcllers for the Noes. *'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Amendment Yesterday proposed to be made to the last Amendment made to the Bill for enlarging of the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways leading from RoyJlony in the County of Hertford to IVansferd Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the Whits PoJly on Alconbury Hilly in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansfor Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division, and that the Tolls taken at Saltree and Wansford Toll-gates, may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered, and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Colonial Bills Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom of Cudu. the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantains of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations, Connefticuty the Massachufels Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders, in Payment of Money, was committed;

A Petition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for his Ditto. Majesty’s Colony of New Torky in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said (polony, and several others of his Majesty’s Colonies on the Continent of America, have enjoyed, for many Years past, and do now enjoy, the Benefit of a Paper Credit, rendered absolutely necessary, from the Want of Gold and Silver Sufficient for the Trade and Circumstances of such Colonies; which Paper Credit being established by Laws, some whereof have had the Royal San&ion, and declared a legal Tender (except in some particular Cafes) in Discharge of all Debts and Demands within the said Colonies, has excited Industry, has proved a necessary and useful

#----- je----- r----- 1 7*~

County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Medium of Trade, has enabled the said^Colonies to pro-Noribamptony by the Committee to whom the said Bill - J r 1 was committed;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Amendment, which was proposed to be made to the said last Amendment made to the said Bill, by the Committee to whom the same was committed.

And another Amendment being made to the said last Amendment, made by the said Committee, to the said Bill, the said last Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Trustees to compound,at a certain Rate per Annum, with any Persons living in any Parish through which the great or main Road lies.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up,

it passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

byinferting after " payable," in Fol. 12. L. 5. the Words

<c at the Toll-bar, which the Commissioners are hereby Vol. 26. J

vide for the Defence of wide extended Frontiers, without almost any Charge to this Kingdom, and has furnished the Means of seconding the Views, and promoting the Measures, of this their Mother-Country; and that the said Colonies, lying contiguous, have with each other mutual Traffick, and many reciprocal Engagements, from which such Connections mud and do arise, that any remarkable Alteration in one Colony becomes soon felt in another; any Inconvenience brought upon one, soon communicates itself to the others; and thus, what affects New England may afftft New York: And alleging, That the said Bill depending in the House, should the same pass into a Law, will tffentially alter the Nature and Quality of the Paper Credit of America, to the grievous Hurt of Individuals, the Disappointment of publick Service, and Confusion in all manner of Dealings; and that to allow a future Paper Credit, for Services that must be carried on, and for Purposes absolutely necessary, and at the same Time to declare that it shall be no legal Tender, effectually destroys the Liberty it seems to give; seeing it is scarcely

3 Y to

2 66 2 2° — -2 3° 1751.

to be imagined that any one will receive that for Money, which he is sensible another may refuse to receive, as Money, from him; and that the said Bill is, in many other , respects, ill calculated for the Interest of America, or the preferable one, that of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner, in behalf of the said Colony of New York, the most considerable one upon that Continent, may be heard against the said Bill; or that the House may give such other Relief in the Premifes, as to the House shall appear just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Thames Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-Firtiery. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River Thames, and Waters of Medway.

Preventing Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Robberies in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Westmmiler. gjj for the more effc6lual preventing Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, within the City and Liherty of Westminster, and the several Parishes and Places adjoining thereto, and for the more effectual apprehending and convicting of Offenders within the Bills of Mortality. African Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Company. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament passed the last Session (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa); and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England; and also the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal Af lean Company of England, on hehalf of themselves, and the rest of the bond side Creditors of the said Company; and also the Papers which were presented to this House upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa; and also the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on behalf of themselves, and the said Company; and also the Petition of Claude Aubert of London, Merchant, on behalf of John and Anthony Allut; and also the Petition of Alexander Grant, and Richard Oswald of London, Merchants, for themselves and Company; and also the Petition of Jonathan Bracebridge\ and also the Petition of David Crichton, late one of the Chief Agents of the Royal African Company of England; were referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Fitz- And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Maurice’s to enable the Honourable John Fitz-Maurice, and his

amc* 1 flue, to take and use the Surname of Petty, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Henry late Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Brookjb&nk have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Laws respea- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

ing High- to whom the Bill for the more effectual Preservation of ways, &c. the Turnpike Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed, That they have Power to receive aClauseorClauses, more effectually to prevent Mischiefs that frequently happen, from Drivers riding in their

Carts, in the City of London, and within Ten Miles thereof, without sortie Person to guide and conduct the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 die Maii;

Anno 240 Georgii lldi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Rum im-Scotland, attended at the Door; ported.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Amount of the several Duties of Customs paid on Rum, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1750, distinguisti-ing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessiom

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Frowdcl for veiling the undivided Moiety of divers Lands and He- £state* reditaments, in the Counties of Leicester, Stafford, and Derby, devised by the Will of Sarah Frowde Widow, deceased, in Ralph Blois Clerk, in Fee-Simple, and for settling an entire Estate in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Cor del Firebrace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Com- Duchy of mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Cornwall Majesty to make Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, Leafing, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout;, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Reynolds, according to Order, reported from, the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re- Linen Yams, pealing the Duties now payable upon foreign Linen Yarns, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questioi\ severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto Laws respea. subscribed, Manufacturers and other principal Traders in ing High-the corporated Towns of Devizes, Marlborough, and Bo- ways» &c* rough of Caine, in the County of Wilts: And also,

3 Petition

24 Geo. II.

230 Mail

267

Laws re- A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto jij^in£ subscribed, Manufacturers employed in the Woollen JVla^-Wayt* nufaftory, and other principal Traders, in the Towns of Firrne, Roade, Beckington, and Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Manufacturers employed in the Woollen Manufactory, and other principal Traders, in the City of Wells, Town of Shepton Mallett, and Places adjacent, in the County of Sower/ft: And also,

Ditto. a Prtirion of the Persons, whose Names are. thereunto subscribed, Manufacturers employed in the Woollen Ma-m factory, and other principal Traders, in the Towns of Warminster, Haytfbury, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Bill depending in the House, for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads, in that Parc of Great Britain called England, will, by reducing the Number of Horses to be employed in drawing Waggons, tend greatly to enhance the Price of Carriage, and be very detrimental to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiles into Consideration.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, un il the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Courtenay's Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making and granting Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Mines, in the County of Cornwall\ comprised in the Marriage Settlement and Will of Kellond Courtenay Esquire, deoeased, during the Minority of his Issue, claiming under the said Settlement and Will, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Abbreviation Sir John Cufl, according to Order, reported from the of Michael- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the ma Term. Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House \

’ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wood's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efeta. for Sale of certain Estates, in the Counry of Stafford, of Christopher Wood Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Alconbary An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging of the Terms and hill, uC Powers, and making more effectual, several Acts of Par-°"1, liament, for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royfton, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford- Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post, on Alconbury-Hilly in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls taken at Saltree and Wansford Toll-gates may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered $ and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; was read the Third time.

Vol. 26.

A Motion ,tfa$ made, and[ the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { JJr. fh7.

t Mr. Saluftury: j 3/

Tellers for the Noes, f ’ }zi.

£ Mr. Bar bor: 3

So it was refolvedin the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for the Enlarging of the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royfton, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford- Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as delates to the Amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post, on Alconbury-Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wans-ford- Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division ;v and that the Tolls taken at Saltree and Wansford t ‘

Toll-gates may,from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That the Lord Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy Mamifacture of the Letter from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated 15th March 1750,10 the Commissioners Pear es# for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, concerning Mr. Crokatt's Propofols, to encourage the making of Pot-Allies, and Pearl-Allies, in the British Colonies in America.

An ingrossed Bill, to explain and amend so much of Preventing an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Perjuries in Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for Prevention of e"

Frauds and Perjuries) as relates to the Attestation of De-vises of real Estates, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thac the Tide be.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in she 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries) as relates to the Attestation of Devises of real Estates.

Ordered, That Mr. Morton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry to the Lords Westminster the ingrossed Bill, to explain and amend an Act, passed Small Ek*513* in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and for making the said Act more effectual; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Charles Townshend, from the Commissioners for Mmufailure Trade and Plantations, presented ro the House (pursuant to their Order) Copy of the Letter from the Commissioners ear es* for Trade 3nd Plantations, dated the 15th March 1750, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, concerning Mr. Crokatt\

Proposals, to encourage the Making of Pot Ashes and Pearl-Ashes, in the British Colonies in America.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the ad- Stavertonln-journed Debate upon the Question proposed upon Fhurf- cJ°r°rc-day the 9th Day of this Instant May, That the ingrossed Bill, for inclosingand dividing the Common Fields within the Manor and Parish of Stareton, otherwise Staverton, in the County of Northampton, do pals;

Ordered,

268 2 3° — 24° 1751.

Ordered, That the fold debate be further adjourned till this Day Three Weeks.

Colonial Bills The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the of Credit. Report from the Committee of the wholeHouse, to whom the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire, in Arkerica, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payment of Money, was committed}

OrderedThat the said Report be received Tomorrow Sevennight. ’

A MeflTage from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards;

Mr. Speaker,

George The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for EstateCnay*S Part of the settled Estate of George Courtenay

Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for enabling him to make a Provision for his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Articles: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MefTengerS withdrew.

African The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Company, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed the last Setfion (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa); and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England-, and also the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bond side Creditors of the said Compariy; and also the Papers which were presented to this House, upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa; and also the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants, trading to Africa, on behalf of themselves, and the said Company; and also the Petition of Claude Aubert of Lokdon, Merchant, on behalf of John and Anthony A Hut-, and also the Petition of Alexander Grant, and Richard Oswald, of London, Merchants, for themselves and Company; and also the Petition of Jonathan Brace-bridge; and also the Petition of David Crichton, late One of the Chief Agents of the Royal African Company of England, were referred;

Ordered, That the several Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Subject-Mattes of the said Report, be referred to the said Committee of die whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Preventing Resolved., That this House will, To morrow Morning,

Robberies in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Westminster. the Bill for the more effectual Preventing of Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the several Parishes and Places adjoining thereto; and for the more effectual Apprehending and Convicting of Offenders, within the Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That Mr. West have Leave to make a.Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill, for the more effectual securing Dut;cson of the Duties upon Tobacco, was read the Third time. Tobacco.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 38. L. *. To leave out " Declared."

And the Question being put, That the Word "Declared"

(land Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual securing of the Duties upon Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords^ I

and desire tfieir Concurrence. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An George Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of George Courte- Courtenay's nuy Esquire, lor discharging Incumbrances affecting the L fame, and for enabling him to make a Provision for his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Articles, was read the Fifft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Nathanael Newn- Stmy Roadr. ham, Mr. Merrick Bxirrel, Mr. Bond, Mr. Ockenden, Mr.

Richards, Mr. Ellis, Lord Barrington, Lord Laxborough, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, St. George's Southwark, and Bvrmondjey, in the County of Surry, and Lewijhdm, in the County of Kent, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 24.0 die Maii;

Anno 24* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act LordKillmo-for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lord rcy s Viscount Killmorey, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement, vVas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ojfiey,

Mr. Frederick, Lord Downe, Mr. Colleton, Lord Geo.

Cavendish, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Winning:on, Mr.

Reynolds, Lord Strange, Mr. Myddelton, M r. West, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Morton, Mr. Anson,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Alftone, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Mellish, Mr. Coxe, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Aldzvorth, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Jefferies, Mr. PI umpire.

Sir IVm. Beauchamp P rod or, Mr. Gyblon, Mr. Butlerv Sir John Turner, Sir John Cuff Mr. Lewis, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Lyon, Lord Limerick, Mr. Ker, Mr. Bold, Mr. Gwynn,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Henry Monro, General St. Clair, Mr. Alderman BethelT, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Courtenay’s for making and granting Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Estate. Mines, in the County of CtfrwftW/.comprised in the Marriage Settlement and Will of Kellond Courtenay Esquire,

deceased.

24 Geo. II. 240 Mali.

deceased, during the Minority of his Iflut, claiming under the said Settlement amf Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. V/innington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Duchy of An ingrossed Bril, to enable his Majesty to make Leases, Cornwall and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel Leafing. his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was

read the Third time.

The Amendment Following was proposed to be made to the Bill: viz.

Pr. 2. L. 28. To leave out from " Leases" to "and" in Line 30.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

Duties on An irigrofled Bill, for repealing the Duties now payable Lmtii Yarns. Upon foreign Linen Yarns, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon foreign Linen Yarns, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Expiring Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Ajaws* Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing These and Rapine, on the Northern Borders of , England, for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-- disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hopbindsj for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously felting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delft of Coal, or Cannal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting, or taking any Red or Fallow Deer, in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America9 from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Briiainy and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, from the British Colonies in America and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeaforement of Coals, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, was committed; That the Committee had ’gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Supply Bill; * Mr. ^ane presented to the House, according to Order, Duty on ' a BilPfor granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirits. Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the feme, and for repealing the Act of the 2cth Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting a Duty

Vol. 26.

to his Majesty, to *be paid by Distillers upon Licences, to be taken out by them, for retailing Spirituous Liquors) and for the more effectually retraining the Retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British-made Spirits: And the feme vfras received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Abbreviation Term, was read the Third time. 4 of Michael-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, mas'rerm* An Act for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

Ordered, That Mr. Moreton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hoblyn, according to Order, reported from the African Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Company-to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in Pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed the Iaft Session (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa); and also the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, and also the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Credicors of the Royal African Company of England^ on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bona fide Creditors of the said Company; and also the Papers which were presented to this House, upon the 6th of February last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Trade and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa; and also the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on behalf of themselves, and the said Company; and also the Petition of Claude Aubert of London, Merchant, on behalf of John and An* thony Alluty and also the^Petition of Alexander Grant, and Richard Oswald, ef LondonyMerchants, for themselves and Company; and also the Petition of Jonathan Brace-bridge; and also the Petition of David Crichton, late one of the Chief Agents of the Royal African Company of England; were referred; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foIloweth;.‘z//z.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 77,874/. 15 s. 9d. may be a reasonable Compensation, to be applied to the Payment of such of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, whose Claims are reported under the respective Numbers 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, of a Report laid before this House by the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the said Creditors appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 1,119/. 18s. 3 d. may be a reasonable Compensation, to be applied in Satisfaction of the Claim of John and Anthony Alluty other Creditors of the said Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 175/. may be a reasonable Compensation to be applied in Satisfaction of the Claim of Mr.

William New land, another Creditor of the said Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 179/. os. 6d. may be a reasonable Compensation to William Stead, on behalf of Henry Collins, for all Interest due on the 20th Day of May 1748, upon the principal Sum of 1,400l. which Sum of 1,400l. was due on a Bill of Exchange, drawn by David Crichton, and others, payable to the said William Stead, for a Parcel of Rum bought for the Use of the Royal African Company, on the Gold Coast, and which Sum of 179/. os. 6d. is reported under Ntt. 7. of the Report laid before this House, by the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company.

3 Z Resolved,

27 o

2 40 Mail.

A. 17.51.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That chc Sum of 695/. 3 may be a reasonable Compensation to be allowed on Account of the Expences of executing the Commission for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, and of the Allowances the Commissioners have thought reasonable to be made to the Officers and Servants employed by them.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 900l. may be a reasonable Compensation, to be allowed to the Commissioners for their Trouble in executing the said Commission.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 100l. may be a reasonable Compenla-tion to be further allowed to chc Secretary and Accomptant of the said Commissioners.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 23,688/. \$s. 5d. may be a reasonable Compensation to Rich of the Proprietors of African Transferable Stock, as were possessed of the same on the 31st Day of December 1748, being Ten per Cent. on the Stock so possessed by them.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thac the Sum of 2,105/. ]1St 3^ maY he a reasonable Compensation to such of the Proprietors of African Tranfferrabie Stock, as have become possessed of the fame, since the said 3 ifl Day of December 1748, being Five per Cent. on the Stock so possessed by them.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Crediters of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act, passed last Session, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, be impowered to examine into the Claims of the several Persons, whose Claims are contained under N°. 9. of the Report by them made to this House, and into the Claim of Jonathan B^acebridge, as Executor of the lad Will and Testament of Henry Turner, late Governor of Williams Fort, at IVhydah, deceased, in like manner, as by the said Act is directed, with respect to the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company, and to report their Proceedings thereon to the Parliament, with all convenient Speed.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Sums before-mentioned of Seventy-seven thousand Eight hundred Seventy-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence, One thousand One hundred and Nineteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence, One hundred Seventy-five Pounds, One hundred Seventy-nine Pounds and Sixpence, Six hundred Ninety-five Pounds Three Shillings, Nine hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, Twenty-three thousand Six hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, and Two thousand One hundred F'ive Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence, together with such Sums as shall be found due upon the Claims mentioned in the preceding Resolution, may be a reasonable and full Compensation to be given to the Royal African Company, for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Cadies, Slaves, and all other Effects thereunto belonging.

Refolvtd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Time allowed by the said Act to David Crichton, to be at large, with Stay of Execution on the Judgment given by him to William Stead, pursuant to the said Act, be further enlarged for the Space of One Year, to -be computed from the Fird Day of May 1751, he giving the like Security for his Forth-Coming, as by the said Act was before directed.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Tenth and Twelfth of the said Resolutions; and also for diveding the Royal African Company of England of their Charter, Forts, Cadies, and Military Scores, Canoe-men, Cadle-slaves, and all other their Property, on the Coad of Africa, their Goods and Mer-

chandises only excepted: And that Mr. lioblyn, Mr Dowdeswell, Mr. Salusbury,. Mr. Laroche, Mr. Southwell, the Lord Dupplin, and Sir William Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills, that they do insert in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, a Clause or Clauses for saving the Right of Alexander Grant, and Richard Oswald, and Company, of London, Merchants, to a certain Fort situate in Bance Island, in the River Sierra Leon, on the Coad of Africa, formerly belonging to the Royal African Company of England, and now claimed by, and in the Poffdfion of, the said Alexander Grant, and Richard Oswald, and Company.

Mr. Colleton presented to the House, according to Or- Indenting of der, a Bill for amending, and making more effectual, a Warrants by Clause (in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament) lC€S* for the.Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any ocher County or Place: And the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Preventing to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, R°bbenes in upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Robberies, Westminster. Burglaries, and other Outrages, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the several Parishes and Places adjoining thereto, and for the more effectual Apprehending and Conviding of Offenders, within the Bills of Mortality, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Liwsrefpefl the Bill for the more effectual Preservation of the Turn- »n£ High-pike Roads in that Part o(Great Britain called England, wa>s,&c* was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments ro several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for exempting the Trustees appointed by the Ad, of the 12th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the ’Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, from being obliged to ered weighing Engines.

And the same was brought up, and once read.

And the Quedion being put. That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It paired in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Quedion being proposed,

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And the previous Quedion being put, That that Quedion be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Quedion being put;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Ditto. Madders, Mcalmen, Shopkeepers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, in and near the Towns 0 {Hit chin, Baldock,

Stevenage, Wellwyn, and Hatfield', in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Petitioners live in an inland Country, and that great Quantities of Wheat, Flour, Meal, and Malt, are sent weekly from all Parts of the said County, by Land-carriage, for the Use of the Cities of London and Westminster;

0

t 24 Geo. II. 240 — 30'

minster; and that the Petitioners are from thence supplied with divers kinds of Goods and Merchandize, for their necessary Use and Consumption; and that the Trade and Business of the said County are chiefly carried on by Land-carriage; and alleging, That should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners are greatly apprehensive the Price of Carriage mud be considerably increased; and the Petitioners have the more Reason to fear such Advance in the Price of Carriage, because, since an Engine for weighing Waggons has been erected at the Toll-gate at Whet-fione, in the County of Middlesex, through which the Petitioners are obliged to pass, in coming to, and returning from, the Cities of London and Westminster, the Price of the Carriage of Goods has been considerably raised; and should weighing Engines be erected at all the Turnpike Gates in‘ 1England, the Petitioners apprehend the Consequence of such Law would be a general Advance in the Price of Carriage all over the Kingdom j in which Cafe, the Petitioners would pay a large advanced Price on such Goods and Manufactures which they consume, as come by Land-carriage to London, and from thence are brought down for the Consumption of the Country; and that many of the Petitioners were so sensible of the inconveniencies arising to the Inland Trade and Business of the Country, from the Restrictions already laid on Land-carriage; that they were actually preparing a Petition to be presented to the House, 'praying a Repeal of the Act, passed in the 14th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, which impowers the Trustees of any Turnpike Road in England, to erect Engines for weighing Waggons; but that they dropt such their Design, on seeing by the Votes of this House, that the aforesaid Bill was ordered to be brought in: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill; or that they may have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the faiU Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time, upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill be then in-grofied.

Colonel Haldane reported from the Committee, to Ckrjy. whom the Petition of Mr. Robert Patoun, Minister at Renfrew, Moderator of the last General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, Doctor Patrick Cummings Professor of Church History, and one of the Ministers of Edinburgh, Mr. William Steele, Minister at Sorn, and Mr. David Dalrymple Advocate, Ruling Elder, Commissioners from the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland; and also the Petition of "James Earl of Morton, James Earl of Lauderdale, John Earl of Hoptoun, Charles Hope Weir, Robert Dundas, and Archibald Murray Esquires, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Noblemen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Heretors, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed.

The said Report, and Appendix, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bankrupt! kefolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-^Creditors in night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Scotland. upon the Bill for the better Relief of the Creditors of such Merchants as shall become Bankrupts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for extending the Privileges of Bills of Exchange to Proiniflbry Notes, and for limiting Aliens upon such Bills and Notes, and for explaining Parc . Vol. 26,

> Maii. 271

of an Act, of the 20th Year of his present Majesty, for taking away the Casualcies of Single and Life-rent Escheats, incurred in Scotland by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, and for explaining an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1701, intituled, Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Manufacture ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Pot and House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, Pearl Aftcs* to whom the Petition of the Agents for several of the British Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither, Soap-makers, Dry-falters, Whitfters, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Thomas Stephens \ were severally referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways and night, resolve itself into a Commictee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis, 30° die Maii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751*

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act George Cour-for felling Part of the settled Estate of George Cow- teuay’sEstate. tenay Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for enabling him to make a Provision for his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Articles, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwynn,

Mr. John Pitty Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Winning!on. Sir Charles Kem. Tynte,

Mr. Hoblyny Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Palmer y Sir William Tonge, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Turner, Mr. Dowdeswelly Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brookjbank,

Mr. Mitchelly Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gildart, Lord Barrington, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tracy, Sir James Thompson,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Salusbury, Sir NathanaelCurzon, Lord Coke, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Mel/ifh, Mr. Banks,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Scott, Mr. Myddelton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Jacob Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck, &c*

was presented to the House, and read; praying, That at’ their Names may.be inserted in the Bill now depending in this House, for naturalizing John Jugla, and Stephen

Cogigian.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Peace for the City of Rates for Westminster do attend rhis House Tomorrow Morning, Carriage of with the Certificates which have been returned to him (in Goods-Pursuance of an Act, passedthe 21st Year of his Majesty’s Reign) of the Rates settled by the Justices of Peace, for the Carriage of Goods.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wood's for Sale of certain Estates, in the County of Stafford, of Elites. Christopher Wood Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for settling other Lands in Lieu 'thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Turner, Mr.

Harrison, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Me’lish, Lord Coke, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Monckton, Sir Peter H/arren, Mr. Clevland, Mr. White, Mir, Gore, Mlr.Lyttleton,

Sir William Calvert, Mr. Smith, Mr. Dalstone, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. E!Us, Mix. Belchier, Mr. Winningt on,

' Mr-

Committees.

Ear! of Dalkeith ^'sEtface.

Lord Ched-worth’s Estates, &c.

Fitz-Mau-rice's Name.

172 3 o° Maii. A. 1751.

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Prowje, Sir William Yonge, Mr. West, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Carmichael, Lord Trent bam, Mr. Wilkinjcn, Mr. Hay, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Chetwynd Mr. Scott, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Wtlfon, Sir Richard IVrottesley, Mr. BrookJ-bank, Mr. Dowdejivelh, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford and Zter^y; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Mellish reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for completing the Sale of the Estate late of Francis Scott, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, and for applying the Money arising the reby, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for impowering the Guardians of the Heir of the said late Earl, for the Time being, to make Leases of Ground and Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of such Heir, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill ro the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 1 able.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Thynne Lord Ched-tyorth, to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker Spinster, upon their Intermarriage, and for making Provision for their younger Children, and for explaining the Wili of Sir Philip Parker Long Baronet, deceased, and for other Purposes ^herein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Berkeley, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Barrington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Prowje, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Primer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Winnington, Sir William Yongt, Mr. Wilkin/on, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Phillip/on, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mellish, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Plumptre, iMr. Larochey Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Sa-h/bury, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Coke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Charlton> Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Peachey, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Scott, Mr. Stewart, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Vaughanand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, Wilts, Monmouth, Hereford, and Glamorgan: And they are to meet t^his Afternoon at Five of the Clock, id the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable John Fitz-Maurice, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Petty, pursuant to thfc Wiki of the Right Honourable Henry late Earl of Shelburn, in the Kingdom of Ireland, cteceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dow-defwell, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Lyttelton} Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Young, Mr.

Brookjbank, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bacon, Mr. La* roche, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Turner, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Barrington, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Gildart, Mr, Fletcher, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Hale, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tuckfield, Lord Coke, Mr. Smith, Sir William Yonge, Sir Henry Mrnro, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gore, Mr. PbiUipJon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Scott, Mr.

Myddelton, Mr. Locke, Mr- Powney, Mr. Jeffries, Mr.

Herbert, Sir Dun. Camp ell; and all the Members who serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, Expiring relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Mails, Laws. Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, to British'made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth, and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-rmdc Gunpowder, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the-whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Soefdyk’s for naturalizing Philip Jacob, Baron de Soejdyk Van Cloon, Nat.

Lord of Rhynwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Hay, Mr. West, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Hardinge, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Young, Mr.

Lyttleton, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Salusbury, Mr.

Bacon, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pinney, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Stewart,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Fane, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gore, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Hale,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Medlicot, Mr Reynolds, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Wil-kinjon, Mr. Mellish, Sir Thomas Moftyti, Mr. Jeffies,

Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Hen. Monro, Mr. Scott, Mr.

Fletcher, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

PJoillipJon, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Palmer,

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Distemper Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, more amongst effectually coprevent the Spreading of the Distemper which Catt e* now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was Committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, ilpon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Eili, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Lawsrefpefi-Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render ing High-more effectual the Laws in being, for the Repair of High* wa?s* ways in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Tracy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tracy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, whea the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Manofaftur next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Poland to consider of the Report from the Commktee, to whom Pearl Allies the Petition of the Agents for several of the British Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither. Soap-makers, Dry-fakers, \Vhkfters, and others, whole l panics

4 Geo. II. 3°° — 31

Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of 'Thomas Stephens, were severally referred.

Surry Roads. OrderedThat Mr. William Lyttelton, and Mr. Whitworth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Panfiies of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George's Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 310 die Matty Anno 24° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.


Prayers.

*20 HN Jacob Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck, took J the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Admeasure. The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

mem of First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen

Wheat enu- jMary, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Ex-tledto / rr , 1 J ® 0

Bouoty. portation of Corn, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat, Meal, or other Corn or Grain, ground, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation; and that Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West> do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stubblefield’s Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom Nine. the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard King Stubblefield Gendeman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of King, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Jagla’i, Ac. An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing John Jugla, and Stephen Cogigian, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cocks, Sir Peter Warren, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. MeUish, Mr. Bond, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Richards, Mr. Gore, Sir John Saville, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Med-licot, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Town-field, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Scott, Mr. Thistle-tbwayte, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wilkinsion, Mr. PhtUipJon, Lord Limerick, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Gwybk;.Lord Lyon, Sir John Rufiout, Mr. Fane, Sir Henry MUnro, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Greathetd, Sir Kern. Tynte, Mr. Salufiury, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bayntun, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kent, Mr. Ro-binjon, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fr*-derick, Sir Cust, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Brookjbank,

Sir Z/W/ Pilkington, Sir Erskine, Mr. Ojwali:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Jacob Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee; and that they do, if they think fit, admit the Petitioners into the said Bill.

kwtwfpea- A Petition of the several Persons whose fi^ames are Hi?h- thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the To$n of Ba-r*&c« ftngstoke, Hants: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, in die City of Norwich, s

Vol. a6.

Mali. 27$

Were federally presented to the House, and read; severally setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Law already (lands, pay great Sums of Money to common Carriers, for the Carriage of the Goods and Merchandize of the Petitioners; and the said Petition from the City of Norwich, alleging. That the Manufactures of the said City have been for feme Time, and (till continue, in great Demand for Exportation to foreign Markets; the greatest Part of which the said last mentioned Petitioners are obliged to fend from the said City to London, by Land-carriage, for the Conveniency of Shipping; and both the said Petitions severally alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill depending in the House, for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike-Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England, should pass into a Law, it will be a Means of raising the Price of Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners > into Consideration; and that the said Bill may not pass.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Dal-for completing the Sale of the Estate late of Francis Scott, kenh’s Ef-commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, deceased, in the tate*

County of Lincoln, and for applying the Money arising the reby, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for impowering the Guardians of the Heir of the said late Earl, for the Time being, to make Leases of Ground and Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of such Heir, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to, the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for Paving, Cleaning, Enlightening, and keeping pan in Repair, the Street called Pall Mall, as an Experiment Paving towards the Paving, Cleaning, Enlightening, and keeping in Repair, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Precincts of the Savoy, and that Parr of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Dafiwood, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Townfield,

Mr. Lyttleton, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Rodney, Lord Downe, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Harris, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Colonel Madan, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Rufiout, Mr. Melljjh, Mr.

Salufiury, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Richards, Mr. Hay, Mr. Dela-val, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Grenville,

General Oglethorpe, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Lyster, Lord Dupplin,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Gwynn, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Proby, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir John Cust, Lord Trentfram, Mr. West, Mr. Townfield,

Mr. Bodville, Sir Richard Wrottcjley, Lord Limerick, Mr.

Peachey, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Charles Km. Tynte, Mr.

Fletcher, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Abercrombie, Sir John Ramjden; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Traders, whose Names are £tlrsrerpe&. thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Bucter and Cheese, ing High-within the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented ways, Ac. to the House, and read; setting forth, That the gross Quantity of Butter, made in the County of Norfolk, the Iste of Ely, and Part of Lincolnshire, and conveyed by Water to Cambridge, from whence it is brought by Land-

4 A carriage

274

3i9 Mail

Bankrupts Creditors in Scotland.

Indorsing of Warrants by Justices.

carriage to London weekly, is, One Year with another, 90,000 Firkins, or thereabouts; and that the Carriage of Butter has been, for some Years pad, reduced, from the Improvement of the Roads, and from the Carriers being thereby put in a Condition to bring greater Quantities from Two Shillings to Fourteen Pence per Firkin; which has enabled the Petitioners to fell this Commodity proportionably cheaper; and that the Quantities of Cheese which are annually brought to London, from Warwickshire, Lei-cestershire, Derbyshire, and Staffordshire, by Land-carriage, is above 500 Tons 5 and that, notwithstanding the navigable Rivers, for the Conveyance of Cheese out of Gloucestershire, IViltshire, and Berkshire, yet, being a pe-rilhable Commodity, and while new not bearing Water-carriage to London, there is therefore brought out of those Counties annually, by Land, to London, above 2,000 Tons; and further setting forth, That the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Part of Sussex, and Part of Kent, Bedfordshire, and Buckinghamshire, are supplied with Cheese and salt Butter, from London, to the Amount, in the whole, of 2,coo Tons, and upwards, annually; and that, as the Petitioners apprehend, that a very great Rife of Carriage must be the necessary Consequence, if the Bill now depending in the House, for reducing the Number of Horses drawing in Carriages, should pass into a Law, as well into the Cities of London and Westminster, as from thence to the above-mentioned Counties; lo of course the Petitioners will be under a Necessity of railing the Price of the Commodity in Proportion; which will not only bring very great Hard-ships upon the Consumers, and especially the lower Sort of People, but may also greatly affect, as the Petitioners apprehend, the Dairy Farms in those several Counties; and alleging, That, by an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, which confines the Number of Horses drawing Carriages to Six; and also by the Act of the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, which impowers the Commissioners of Turnpikes to erect Weighing-engines, Butter and Cheese are excepted: And therefore praying, That the same of the Petitioners may be taken under Consideration; and that the said Commodities of Butter and Cheese may be excepted in the present Bill, now in the House; or that the same may not, pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief of the Creditors of such Merchants as shall become Bankrupts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for extending the Privileges of Bills of Exchange to Promissory Notes; and for li-’ mi ting Actions upon such Bills and Notes; and for explaining Part of an Act of the loth Year of his present Majesty, for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats, incurred in Scotland\ by Horning and Denunciation, for Civil Gaufes; and for explaining an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1701, intituled, Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials; be now read:

' And the said. Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, Thai thtfc House will,upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for amending, and making more effectual, a Clau^in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace, of any other County or Place, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colleton, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Wilkirtion, Mr.. Bayntun, Mr. West, Sir John Custy Mr. Prowse, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Meth/h, Mr. FeUowes, Mr. Rone, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Palmer, Mt. Hardinge,. Mr. De/me, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr- Robinson, Mr, Myddelton, Mr. Corel Mr. Carmichael, _Mr.i Salusbury, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Franks Poole, Colonel Madan, Mr. Earley Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

4Sandys, Mr. Vane, Sir William Yonge, Sir Henry Erjkint, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Bond, Mr. Wilson, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wirmington, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Betbell, Sir Dun. Campbell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Newnham; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are tb meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be ipentioned, out of the Sinking1 Fund;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, upon Monday the 6th Day of this Instant May, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the said Resolution was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followed!; viz.

" Resolved, That One ocher Seaman be allowed upon <c the Books of every Ship of War, in Sea Pay, in every <c hundred Men that her Complement shall consist of, u for such Time only as the Number of Men employed cc in the Service of the Royal Navy shall not exceed " Twenty thousand; and that the Produce of the Wages " of such Seamen, and the Value of their Victuals, be " given and applied towards the Relief of poor Widows " of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal " Navy, according to such Rules, Orders, and Regu-

lations, as his Majesty hath or shall establilb or appoint " for that Purpose, over and above the One Seaman al-t( lowed them by an Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, pur-iuant to the said Resolution.N

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer, in Lieu of such as have or shall be loft, burnt, or destroyed, and also for making forth new Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, in Lieu of such as have or shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise incumbered, with Alignments or Indorsements thereon.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in his Majesty s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachujets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders, irv Payment of Money, was committed;

Ordered,

Supply Bifi Sinking Fund, ice.

Colonial of Credi

24 Geo. II.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Baker do make the said Report.

Mr. Alderman Baker accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Colony of New York, in America (who petitioned this House in behalf of the said Colony, against the said Bill) was called in.

And the said Report was read:

And the Petition of the said Robert Charles Esquire, was also read:

And the said Mr. Charles was heard:

And then he was directed to withdraw.

He was again called in, and further heard; and he examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of his said Petition:

And being withdrawn;

The Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read; ingTornpike Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for the more

Reads, &c. effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, be read the Third time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Way* and Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning,

Mein*. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Animfary Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Squire9 Rest or of

ofkis Majef- Saint Anne's Westminster, be desired to preach before this tyUccession. House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster) upon Tuesday the 1 ith Day of June next, being the Anniversary of his Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne: And that the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Charles Townshend, and Mr. West) do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Brooksbank have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly;

Lawsrefpe#- And presented to the House a Petition of the several ingTurnpike Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Beads, Traders in the Parishes of Booking and Braintree, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Brooksbank have Leave to make another Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ditto. And presented to the House a Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, and other Employments, in the Borough of Sudbury, and Places adjacent, in the County of Suffolk.

And the said Petitions were severally read; severally setting forth. That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, pay great Sums of Money to common Carriers, for the Carriage of the Goods and Merchandizes of the Petitioners; and alleging. That if the Bill depending in the House, for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, Vox.. 26.

275

and all other Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that the said . Bill may not pass.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon; the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 30 die Junii \

Anno 240 Georgii 11" Regis, 175 r.

Prayers.

MR. Offley, reported from the Committee, to whom LordKillmo-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An rey's Estate. Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lord Viscount Killmorey, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply Bills mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Sinking to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein to be men- Fund, tioned, out of the Sinking Fund, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.; "

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Greenwich the Bill to render all Contracts and Agreements, which shall Hospital. be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich) for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or towards the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Admeasure-who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for ®rcnt of ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat, Meal, or other intl"

Corn or Grain, ground, for which a Bounty is payable Bounty, upon Exportation, that they do insert in the said Bill a Clause or Clauses to impower the Treasury to make proper Allowances to the East India Company, for the Charges and Expences they are at, in receiving, paying, and transferring their reduced Annuities, out of the same Duties

5 an<*

310 Mail — 3

276 3° Junii.

and Revenues as are appropriated for the Payment of the said Annuities.

Laws respect- A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto

wf ft Clothiers, and other principal Tradesmen, in

ways' c* and about the Towns of Bradford, Trowbridge, Melksham, idc. in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read 5 alleging, That the Bill now depending in the Hou fe, for the more effectual Preservation of the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, will, by reducing the Number of Horses now drawing in Waggons, greatly increase the Price of Carriage, and considerably of almost all the Materials necessary for the Manufactory of the Petitioners, which are brought by Land-carriage from London: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their Consideration.

Ditto. A Petition of chose whose Names are thereunto subscribed, C lothiers, and other principal Traders, in and near the Borough and Towns of Chippenham, Corsham, and Collorne, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read* alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill, by restraining the Number of Horses to less than Six, will greatly increase the Price of Carriage, especially of Wool, Oil, and other Materials necessary for the Manufactory of the Petitioners; and therefore will be very prejudicial to them; and representing to the House, That the Roads belonging to the Turnpike of the said Borough of Chippenham are supported in a proper Condition, at a frugal Expence, more so than any Roads the Petitioners know of, merely, as the Petitioners apprehend, from the different Manner of repairing the said Roads: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration. fcitto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, pay great Sums of Money to commonCarriers, for the Carriage of the Petitioners Goods and Merchandizes; and alleging. That the Petitioners conceive, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be a Means of railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of *his Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Confederation; and that the said Bill may not pass.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Surry Sir George Oxenden reported from the Committee, to Road*, whom the Bill for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George's Southward and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fcve-rally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, Xnd the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat, Meal, or other* Corn or Grain, ground, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation, and for making Allowances to the East India Company for their Charges and Expencesin managing, paying, and transferring,their reduced

Annuities: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Manufacture resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Pot and consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Pearl Ashes. Petition of the Agents for several of the British Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither. Soap-makers, Dry-falters, Whitfters, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Thomas Stephens; were severally referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Ordered, That the Copy of the Letter from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated the 15th March 1750, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, concerning Mr.

Crokatt's Proposals to encourage the making of Pot Allies, and Pearl-Ashes, in the British Colonies in America^, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Peter Warren took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee,. That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That thfc Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Scotch this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve , itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of Mr. Robert Patoun, Minister at Renfrew, Moderator of the last General Assembly of the Church of Scotland;

Doctor Patrick Cummings Professor of Church History, and one of the Ministers of Edinburgh; Mr. William Steele,

Minister at Sorn; and Mr. David Dalrymple Advocate, Ruling-Elder; Commissioners from the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland; and also the Petition of James Earl of Morton, James Earl of Lauderdale, John Earl of Hoptoun, Charles Hope Weir, Robert Dundas, and Archibald Murray Esquires, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Noblemen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Heretors, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland were severally referred

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Tracy, according to Order, reported from the Ltwsrespect-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more effectual the Laws in being, for the Repair of High- ways* ways in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Pall MaR mitte.e, to whom the Bill for Paving, Cleaning, Enlighten- Pacing, and keeping in Repair, of the Street called Pall-Molly as an Experiment towards the Paving. Cleaning, Enlightening, and keeping in Repair, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Precincts of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursdey Morn- Expiring ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Laws. House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws therein

mentioned

Admeasurement of Wheat, intitled to Bounty.

24 Geo. II. 3* — 4° Junii. I77

mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British-madt Sail-Cloth; and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-Cloth, and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British:Tr\adc Gunpowder.

Ways aivd Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday N[orn-Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Martis, 40 die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii lldi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

Lawsrefpctt- A PETITION of the several Persons, whoseNames are ing Turn- thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town

pike Roads. Chelmsford, in the County of Efex, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth; That the Petitioners, as the Laws already standy pay great Sums of Money to common Carriers, for the Carriage of the Goods and Merchandize of the Petitioners; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England\ should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means of raisiing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that the said Bill may not pass.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and ether principal Inhabitants and Traders of the Town of Northampton, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill, if it should pass into a Law, will restrain the Horses, to be employed in drawing of Travelling Waggons, to a less Number than Six; and consequently will tend greatly to enhance the Price of the Carriage of Goods, and be very detrimental to Trade in general; every Branch whereof already lies under great Discouragement, by heavy and aimed infupporcable Taxes* and by the illicit Practices of Smugglers: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Considera- tion; and not to suffer the fair Trader to be any further discouraged, by any new Burdens,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Lord Killsno- An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act rcy’sEflate. for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lord Viscount Killmorey, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement, was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Offity do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without arty Amendment.

Soefdyk’s Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee to whom Nat.* the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacoby Baron de Soefdyk Van Cloon% Lord of Rbynwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment* and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Vox.. 26.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stnbbleficid’i for enabling Richard King Stubblefield Gentleman, and his Name.

I flue, to take and use the Surname of King, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. fVinnington do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. \

An ingossed Bill, for making, widening, and keeping gurry Roads* in Repair, several Roads in the several Paiifhes of Lambeth,

Newington, Saint George's Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were fcVerally proposed to be made to the BiH; viz.

Pr.' 9. L. 14. To leave out " and, " and inferfc "or.,#

L. 24, 25. To leave out " at any such Turh-t€ pike or Turnpikes." *1

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be.

An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George's Southwark, and Bermondsey, in ’the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, who were Fees of the appointed to consider of so much of the Table of Fees, House. for Business in this House, as relates to private Bills and Clauses, and to report their Opinion therein, to the House*

That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, as in appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the % Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

For the Information and Guidance of the Committee, in considering the Matter to them referred, they have made the best Searches and Inquiries they could into the Journals of the House, and the Practice of the Officers* from whence they find, that the present Table of Fees has been in general the Rule for demanding and taking them ever since the Year 1700; a List of the Fees having been in that Year laid before the House, and entered in the Journals; which Lift was, by anOrder of the House, of the 22d Day of February 1731, fixed as a (landing Rule to the Officers of the House, for demanding and taking of Fees, for all Times to come; but, as in that Lift the Articles relating to private Bills and Clauses are expressed in Terms too indeterminate, they have given Occasion to many Difficulties and Disputes, concerning their true Meaning and Import, between the Parties concerned, and the Officer without-doors, who usually receives the Fee* for the rest. — Of the Kinds of these Disputes, an Accouni has been very fully and candidly set forth to your Committee, by the Clerk of the House,in a Paper hereunto annexed. And upon Consideration of the whole, your Com- mi t tee have come to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Bill, for the particular Interest or Benefit of an y Person or Persons, whether the same be brought in upon Petition or Motion, or Report from a Committee, or brought from the Lords, hath befti, and ought to be, deemed a private Bill, within the Meaning of the Table of Fees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every drafting Clause, lb brought in upon Petition,

Motion, or Report, or brought from the Lords, for a particular Interest or Benefit, hath been, and ought to be, deemed a private enacting Clause, within the Meaning of the said Table of Fees, whether the Bill, in which such Clause is inserted, be publick or private.

4 B Resolved%

4° Junii. A. 1751.

Refohed? That it is the Opinion of this Committee, . As to the Quantum of the Fees due in each particular Thatevery such Bill, and every such enabling Clause, which Cafe, the Rule observed in ascertaining it seems to have concerns a County or Counties, a Corporation or Cor- been this.

porations, or Body or Bodies of People, hath been, and Where the Bill concerns the Interest of a single Perfoil ought to be, deemed a double Bill, within the Meaning of or Estate, a single Fee is taken.

die said Table of Fees. Where a Bill contains separate and independent Provi-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, fions, for the Benefit of more Persons than One, a single That every distinct Provision, made in any Bill, for the Fee for each Person.

particular Interest or Benefit of any Person or Persons, or Where a Bill is for the Benefit of more Persons than of any County or Counties, Corporation or Corporations, One, united in One Body or Society, or having a common or Body or Bodies of People, and every distinct Provision Interest in the Subject Matter of the Bill, One double Fee. made in any Bill,'relating to a distinct Interest, Estate, or Where a Bill contains separate and independent Provi-Matter, hath been, and ought to be, deemed an enadling fions, for the Benefit of more Bodies of People chan one, Clause, within the Meaning of the said Table of Fees; separate Fees are taken. IfTwo Bodies or Communities and that a diflindl Fee oughr to be paid for the fame, as are concerned, Two double Fees; if more than Three are for an enabling Clause, provided that in Bills, contain- concerned, it has been the Custom to take oniy One single ing distioft Provisions for. more than Three Bodies of Fee for each such Body or Community.

People, no more than a single Fee shall be paid for each Where any enacting Clause or Clauses are inserted in any Body. , .» Bill, containing Provisions for any Matter diflind from

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that which is the principal Subject of the Bill, the same Fees That no such Bill or Clause, for the particular Interest or as if such Clause or Clauses CUnstituted adiftincl Bill; Benefit of any Person or Persons, or County or Counties, but in some Cafes, where a Bill comprised Matters in or _ Corporation or Corporations,or Body or’Bodies, of {hemselves, abfpiutely diilindl, yet, because they related People, shall be read a Second time, until Fcxs.be paid for to the Inteleftof the same Person, or Body of People, the fame. ‘; . , Objections have been made to the Payment of separate

s Fees; and the same has sometimes happened with relation

Tb the Committee appointed to considerof so much' of to Bills for repairing Two Roads which lie near together, the Table of Fees for Bufinefsin this House, as relates and containing separate Commissioners, and separate Tolls, to private Bills and Clauses; and to report their Opir with distina: Powers and Provisions for each Road, nion to the House. j, Vyfon, Cl. Dorn. Com.

In Obedience to your Order, I have prepared the bed Account I was able to collect, either from my own Observation, or from the Information of others, as well of what has been the Rule and Practice of the Officers of the House, in relation to the Fees for private Bills and Clauses, as of what Difficulties or Disputes have of late arisen thereupon

As to the Question, What are private Bills, within the Meaning of the Table of Fees ? or, in other Words, What Bills are liable to the Payment of any Fees at all ? The Rule observed by the Officers of the House, in their Demand of Fees, seems to have been this; where a Bill concerns the Inrereft, cr contained Provisions calculated for the Benefit of any particular Person or Persons, or of any particular Body of People, they haVe' always considered. themselves as intitled to Fees for such Bill.

Under this Article, the following Doubts have been made.

Where a Bill appeared to be of general Utility, although immediately, and in the First Instance, calculated for the Benefit of a particular Person, or Body of People, it has of late been sometimes argued, that such Bill was a publick one, and therefore not liable to pay any Fees.

Where a Bill has been brought into the House, upon Motion, without a previous Petition, or in consequence of a Report from a Committee of the whole House, it has been sometimes argued, that the Manner of bringing in such Bill proved it to be a publick one, and therefore not subject to the Payment of Fees.

This last Method of avoiding the Payment of Fees has been more particularly practised of late, with regard to the Continuances of temporary Acts.

Application is made to the Committee, appointed to consider of expiring Laws, to insert in their Report of Laws fit to be continued, such Acts as, in their own Nature, ought to pay Fees, and for which Fees were originally paid. — Now, as the Provisions directed to be made, in consequence of such Report, are usually inserted in some general Bill, the Persons incerefted in such particular Provisions are under no Necessity of appearing to solicit or follow such Bill; so that no Demand of Fees can be made; and the regular Method (and indeed in such Cases the only remaining one) of ipforcing the Payment of Fees, by objecting to the Progress of the Bill, is what the Officers of die House must be very backward to rn^ke use of, in relation to Matters which have the Appearance of being originally taken up by the House itself.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Sir Peter Warren, according to Order, reported from Manufacture the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- of Pot and ferred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to i>earl Ashes* whom the Petition of the Agents for several of the Britip Northern Colonies in America, Merchants trading thither, Soap-makers, Dry-falters, Whitfters, and others, whose Names are rhereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Thomas Stephens; were severally referred; the Resolution which the.Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties on Pot and Pearl Ashes, imported from his MajestyV Colonies in America, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Sir Peter Warren,

Sir Peter ThompJony Mr. Colleton, the Lord Duppliny and Mr. Charles Townshend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty Supply Bill4 upon Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing DutyonSpi-the fame; and for repealing the Act of the 20th Year of rits‘ his Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers upon Licences, to be taken out by them, for retailing Spirituous Liquors) and for the more effectually restraining the Retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British-made Spirits; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thufjday Morning next, refojve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition

111

4

J

24 G H.

4-57*

*79

p li Mai A Petition of several Freeholders, Owners of Houses,

p!ving. and Inhabitants, of Pall Mall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of tliemlclves, and several others* in the fltid Street, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for paving, cleaning, enlightening, and keeping in Repair, the Street called Pall Mall, as an Experiment towards the Paving, Cleaning, Enlightening, and keeping in Repair, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Precincts of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners have already been at a very great Expence, in paving such Part of the said Street, as is before their respective Dwellings; which was done in the most durable and lading Manner, with the bed; Materials, to prevent the frequent Repairs which the Multiplicity of Coaches, and other ,heavy Carriages, passing through the fame, would occasion* and, as such Pavepnent is the Property of the Petitioners, and has been laid down by them, at a great Expence of Materials and Labour, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will not dived them of jt, by permitting the said Pavement to be taken up, and obliging them to pay for a.new" one, which will not answer the intended Purpose, but fix upon them a heavy and grievous Charge; and alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend the Method proposed to raise the Sum necessary to begin, complete, and keep in Repair, this expensive and unnecessary Work, will not only be very unequal, but lay the Petitioners under the greated Difficulties, by affcifh'ng their Properties; and the rather, as Two-thirds of the inhabitants of the said Street are Shopkeepers, Traders, and other Persons, whose whole Dependence is in Lodging Houses, and unable to bear so great a Tax; and that the Publick in general, not the Inhabitants in particular, will receive the Benefit (if any) of this great and heavy Burden, to be imposed upon the Petitioners; and that the Tax, intended by the said Bill to be laid upon the Petitioners, will far exceed the Expence they ever have been at about their Pavement, which they can keep in good Repair, at a moderate yearly Expence; and that as all, or the greated Part of the Inhabitants, have now Lamps at their own Doors, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, they will, notwithstanding, be obliged to continuethem, for their owri Security and Convenience: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill before it pafles into a Law; or that they may have such other Relief, as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed* and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

larlPowi/ Ordered, That Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir William Wynne, Manhge Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Bodvill, be added Art*Je5* to the Committee, to whom the.ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for establishing and confirming Articles enterea into upon the Marriage of Henry Arthur, Earl of Powis, with Babara Countess of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution, is committed.

Colonial Bills Motion was made, Thatthe ingrossed Bill, to regulate Cl and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Islandi and Providence Plantations, Connefticuty the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders, . in Payment of Money, be now read the Third time.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And Notice being taken. That 40 Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker:

And 40 Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock,

Vol. 26.

The Hbtife was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Quedion fird put* till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50 die Junii\

Anno 240 Georgii IIdi Regis* 1751;

Prayers.

MR. Hoblyn presented to the House, according td Apr;caT1.

Order, a Bill for allowing further Time to this Company* Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 3,3d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled.

An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to enquire into the Claim9 cf certain Creditors of the Royal African Company* therein mentioned; and for the Relief of David Crichton: And the same was received*: and read the fird time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

- Mr. Colleton reported from the Committee, to whom the fn<jor(*ll of Bill, for amending* and making more effectual, a Clause warrants by in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Justices. Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by judices of the Peace of any other County or Place, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ;-which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one and, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Vedrymen, and other inhabitants, of pailMall the Parish of James, within the Liberty of Westmin-. Paving. fter% whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the.

Petitioners apprehend, that cleansing the Streets of this'

City is a Matter of publick Concern* and that the Laws, in being have provided, that it shall be done, at the publick and equal Expence of the Inhabitants; and that the Directions of the Laws in this respect have always been observed in the said Parish, the Streets ofeach Ward being* cleansed by an equal Rate laid upon the Inhabitants of the Ward; and that, according to such equal Rate, the Street called Pall Mall, though it does not contain in Surface One-half of the Ward of that Name, is, nevertheless* assessed by a Pound Rate, of more than Two-thirds of the Assessment of the whole Ward; and that, consequently, if the said Street be exempted from the general Taxation, a great additional Burthen muff necessarily fall on the other Streets of the said Ward, which are less able to bear it; and thar, if other principal Streets in the said Parish should, in like manner, either by the Bill now depending in the House, for paving, cleansing, enlightening, and keeping in Repair, the Street called Pall Mall, (Ac. or by any future Law, obtain an Exemption from the general Assessmeny, the Burthen will become still greater on the Streets of inferior Note which mud either be neg-ledted, or cleansed at an Expence which the Inhabitants will not be able to support; and that the Petitioners therefore apprehend, that the said Bill, in the Form it is now printed, will be greatly detrimental to the Publick, and injurious to private Properry and that it carries with it this manifest Hardftiip, that it would remove a Burderl from those upon whom the Legislature has hitherto laid it* and who are bed able to bear it, and would lay it upon those who are less able: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, in the Form the fame

is

Googh

i8o 5 \Junii.A. 1751.

is printed, so as to exempt the Inhabitants of the said'Street from contributing to the publick Charge of cleansing the other Streets of the Ward, whereof it is a Part.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Lawsrefpefl- A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Mealing Turnpike men, Makfters, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Roads, &c. Hertford: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of

die Borough of Saint Alban's, in the County of Hertford:

Were severally presented to rheHouse, and reach fere* rally alleging, That the Petitioners live in an Inland Country, and that Quantities of Corn, Flour, Med, and Malt, are weekly brought by J^and-carriage, for the Use of the Cities of London nn&Westminster y from whence the Petitioners are supplied with diversKinds of Goods, for their necessary Use and Confomption; and should the Bill, for reducing the Number of Horses drawing Waggons on the Turnpike Rb^ds, and for compelling the Trustees of the fipveral Turnpike Roads to erect Machines or Engines for weighing Waggons, pass into a Law, the Petitioners have Reason to fear the Price of Carriage will be considerably encreased, and other Evils will arise, to the great Damage of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration 5 and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against: the said Bill; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Bankrupts The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Creditors in Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Scotland. Relief of the Creditors of such Merchants as shall become Bankrupts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for extending the Privileges of Bills of Exchange to Prgmiflbry Notes, and for limiting Actions upon such Bills and Notes, and for explaining Part of an Act of the 30th Year of his present Majesty, for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats, incurred in Scotland, by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, and for explaining an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1701, intituled. Act for preventing Wrongous Imprisonment, and against. undue Delays in Trials.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Colonel Haldane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Haldane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane, and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

Westminster The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Smatt Debts, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the City and Liberty elf Westminster, and that; Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and for making the said Act more effectual, without ajiy Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Laws respea- The O rder of the Day being read, for the Third Reading ing Turnpike of the ingrossed Bill, for the more effectualPrefervation of Roads, &c. the Turnpike Roads, in that Parc of Great Britain called England: i '

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Lawsn%Q thereunto subscribed, being Traders, in the City of Win- ingTurnpiii cbtfttr: And also, Koads’ &c’

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Traders, in the City of London:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally setting forth. That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, pay great Sums of Money to common Carriers, for the Carriage of the Goods of the Petitioners; and alleging. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom:

And therefore prayirtg the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that the said Bill may not pass.

A Petition-of the Merchants, and principal Traders, Ditto, of the City of Br 'tfiol, was also presented tb the House, and read; alleging, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will not only tend much to the' Detriment and Interruption of Trade, between the Cities of London and Brifol, but will greatly obstruct, and cause Delays, in the Delivery of Goods, to and from the said Cities, enhance the Price of Carriage, and thereby render the Petitioners incapable of exporting their Manufactures on the same Terms they now do, to the great Loss of the Petitioners:

And therefore praying, that the House will not pass the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third time.

Then the Counsel against: the said Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third time.

And the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Farmers, Makfters, Mealmen, Shopkeepers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, in and near the Towns of Hitchin,

Boldoek, Stevenage, Wellwyn, and Hatfield, in the County of Hertford, was also read.

And the Counfelfor the Petitioners against the Bill were heard.

And having called in a Person, in order to be examined as a Witness, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

The Counsel and also the said Witness, were directed to withdraw.

The Counsel were again called in.

And the said Witness was also again called in, and examined.

And the Counsel also examined several other Witnesses in Support of the said Petition.

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, relating to the Application of Penalties, and the manner of recovering the m.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up.

And then the said Clause was read the lnird time; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for impowering Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter Sessions, to authorize Persons to use more than Four Horses, in drawing Carriages up ftcep Hills.

And the same was brought up; and being twice read;

The House was moved, That several Parts of an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Arne (intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made %in the 6th Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending Highways, which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between tire 4 ' Wheel

24 Geo. II. , 5* — 6° Junti. i%i

Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige theni to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beads, except up Hills) might be read.

And the same were read accordingly:

And then the said Clause was read the Third time i and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House* to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for impowering Justices of the Peace to licence Waggons belonging to Farmers, and employed in Husbandry, to be drawn with a certain'Number of Horses.

And the same was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read the Third time;

The Housedivided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, JJr. } *9-

Tellers for the Noes,

59-

y Mr. Clayton, 7

I Mr. Wilkinson: j>

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way ot Rider, for exempting all Persons from the Penalties of this Act, during certain Times in the Year.

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. i. L. 29. by leaving out the Words " the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, for every Waggon, or u other Carriage, drawn by Five Horses, and.’*

And the Question being put. That those Words (land Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

1 he Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ \

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 28. To leave out cc said Trustees respec-€t tively," and insert Informer.*’

And the said Amehdment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England* and for the Disposition of Penalties given by Acts of Parliament, relating to the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for enforcing the Recovery thereof; and for the more effectual preventing Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Cars, and Waggons, in the City of London, and within Ten Miles thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Means. nexf> rcf0jvc into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiGng the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Wood’s Ordered, That Mr. Cooke, Mr. Matthew Robinson, Mr.

tC5' Clayton, Mr. Hay, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bond, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Colleton, Sir Peter Thompson, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the County of Stafford, of Christopher Wood Esquire, for, di (charging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-rnorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Yol. 26.

Jovts, 6° die Junii;

Anno 24° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

PLAYERS.

MR. West reported from the Committee, to whom Ear! ]Pow5s* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Marriage Air^ Act for establishing &nd confirming Articles, entered into tlclcs* upon the Marriage of Henry Arthur, Earl of Pawls, with "Barbara Countess of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effedluilly carrying the same into Execution, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendment was read;-and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 37. L. 12. After Mechen YJcoai, insert44 Moth-nantF

The said Amendment being read a Second time. Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for allowing further Time to the Commissioners African appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Company, Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to inquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company, therein mentioned; and for the Relief of David Crichton; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upori the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Malmesbury Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Elect- Writ* ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wills, in the room of James Douglass Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat, ^®e^urc-Meal, or other Corn or Grain, ground, for which a Bounty ^e"eac is payable upon Exportation; and for making Allowances titled to to the East India Company for their Charges and Expences Bounty, in managing, paying, and transferring, their reduced Annuities; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the faief Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for amending* and hiaking more Indoriing of effectual, a Clause in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Apprehending of-Persons, in any C s% County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafst And that the Title be.

An Act for amending, and making more effectual, a Clause, in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Apprehending of Persons, in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any other County dr Place.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting to his Majesty a certain Supply Bill; Sum of Money therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, was read the Third time. n c*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be,

4 C An

28a

J-1751-

An Act tot granting to his iVfrijesty the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 17 51; and for Allowances to the poof Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament j and fur making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer, in lieu of such as shall be loll, burnt or destroyed; and also for making forth new Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, in lieu of such as shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise incumbered, with Alignments or Endowments thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Expiring An ingrossed Bill, to continue severalsLaws thereinmen-

Laws. tioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern' Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons, going armed, in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea-Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons, maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delft of Coal, or Cannal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Fo-rests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the Laid Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated accordingtoLaw; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and A.bufes in the Admeasurement of Coals, in the City and Liberty of

> Westminsterwas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and* Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons, going armed, in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea-Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delft of Coal, or Cannal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in

x America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, in the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to make some further Provisions in relation to the signing of Certificates for the Discharge of Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Sir John burner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Distemper An ingrossed Bill, for continuing several Laws therein

amongst mentioned, more effectually to prevent the spreading of al e’ the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned.

more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper, which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to Jugla’*,&c. whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John jugla and Stephen Cogigian; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of John Jacob Zornlin; and John Adolph Speck, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations thereof, and found the same to be true; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill: Which the Committee had directed him to re* port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and arC as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 6. Leave out " and."

L. 7. After " Persia " insert " John Jacob " Zcrnlin, Son of John Jacob Zornlin, by Urjtila, his €S Wife, born at Saint Gall, in Switzerland, and John " Adolph Speck, Son of John Speck, by Margaret, his " Wife, born at Urdenback, in the Dukedom of Bergue.'*

L. 17. Leave out "and," and after " Cogigian'* insert c< John Jacob Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck."

L. 27. Leave out "and."

L. 28. After " Cogigian," insert " John Jacob " Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck!'

Pr. 2. L. 15. Leave out "and," and after "Cogigian," insert " John Jacob Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck!'

L. 22. Leave out " and."

L. 23. After " Cogigian," insert u John Jacob " Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed co by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act S'oefdyk^ for naturalizing Philip Jacob, Baron de Soejdyk Van Cloon, Nat* Lord of Rhynwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr, Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Lord pLed-the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Thynne, Lord Ched- ate> C‘

worth, to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker, Spinster, upon their Intermarriage; and for making Provision for their younger Children; and for explaining the Will of Sir Philip Parker Long, Baronet, deceased: and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 40. Leave out from " suffered" to " by" in L. 41.

Pr. 12. L. 12. After " Gloucester " insert " were."

P. 44. L. 25. After " aforesaid," insert " which u shall not exceed in their Values the yearly Sum of One " thousand Seven hundred Pounds."

L. 27. After " Deductions, " insert " not " exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds by the " Year."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr.

24 Geo. II, 6" — f

George Mr. Gwynn reported from the Committee, to whorh Co^t"ays the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of George Courtenay, Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for enabling him to make aProvision forhisWife and Children, puriuanc to his Marriage-Articles; was com- . micted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Houte, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in: at the Clerk’s Table.

Wood’s Mr. Horjemonden Turner reported from the Committee,

Iftates. f0 w}10m the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the County of Stafford, of Christopher Wood Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for settling other Lands in Lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

stewland’s Mr. Budgen reported from the Committee to whom tftatei. the ingrohcd Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late William New land, Esquire, deceased, in Gutton, Rigate, and Aseaftham, in the County of Surry, for discharging Incumbrances, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 35. L. 20> After " chargeable" to insert " with *c such Incumbrances as are charged upon, and do affect, <c the fame, prior to the Will of the said William New-<c land, the Testator; and also."

f And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Winchester A Petition of William Powlett Esquire, was presented

Election, the pjoufe, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Paulett St. John Esquire, were Candidates at the last Election for a Member, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in the room of George Bridges Esquire, deceased; and alleging that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but that by the indirect and illegal Practices of the said Mr. St. John, his Friends or Agents, and the partial and unjust Proceedings of the Returning Officer, the said Mr* St. John is returned, to serve in Parliament for the said City, in prejudice to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall fcem meet.

Iitto, A Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Freemen of the City of Winchester, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said William Powlett Esquire, had a Majority of legal Votes, at the said Election, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but that several Persons,not duly qualified, were by the Mayor of the said City admitted to vote for the said Paulett St. John Esquire; and that the said Mr. St. John, by himself or his Agents, was guilty of divers illegal and unwarrantable Practices, ip order to get himself returned to serve in Parliament for the said City, in manifest Violation of the just Rights of the Petitioners and other Electors of the Vol. 26.

Junil. 283

said City: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. v

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrdw Morning, Preventing., resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^b£er-,e« 1IX the Bill for the more effectual preventing Robberies, Btir- e mui ef* glaries, and other Outrages, within the City and Liberty o(Westminster, and the several Parishes and Places adjoining thereto; and for the more effectual apprehending and convidling of Offenders within the Bills of Mortalicy.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Expiring resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Laws, the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts,

Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British-mdi&t Sail-Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-tmde Gunpowder;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty Puty an additional Duty upon spirituous Liquors, and upon bPiriM* Licences for retailing the same; and for repealing the Act of the 20th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing fpi* rituous Liquors; and for the more effectualljr restraining the retailing of distilled spirituous Liquors; and for allow-' ing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British~mzAo Spirits.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee,.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris> 70 die *Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl Powis* for establishing and confirming Articles entered into Marriage upon the Marriage of Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, with Amclc<* Barbara Countess of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for enabling the Right Honourable John Thynne, Lord Chedworth, to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker Spinster, upon their Intermarriage; and for making Provision for their younger Children; and for explaining the Will of Sir Philip Parker Long Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved,

7* jpuniL A. 1751-

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. Ordered\ That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame* with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Kewtand’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Elites. for Sale of the E(fates of the late William Newland Esquire,deceased, in Gatton, Rigate, and Meaftbamy in the County of Surry, for discharging Incumbrances, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass. Ordered, That Mr. Budgen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Wood's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

ElUtes. for Sale of certain Estates, in the County of Stafford, of Christopher Wood Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same 5 and for settling other Lands in Lieu thereof j was read the Third time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horsemonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

George An ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act

Courxenay'j for felling. Part of the fetded Estate of George Courtenay ate# Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for enabling him to make a Provision for his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage-Articles; was read the Third time.

Refokedy That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

jugla’s, &c. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturali2ing John Jugla and Stephen CogigidHy was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

To leave out €t and" and after " Cogigian99 to insert John Jacob Zomlirty and John Adolph Speck"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the BiH to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Supply Bill; Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Duty oa Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Spirits. granting to his Majesty ah additional Duty upon spirituous

Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the fame, and for repealing the Act of the 20th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers, upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for the more effectually retraining the Retailing of disttlled spirituou* Liquors; and for allowing a Draw-, back upon the Exportation of British-mz&z Spirits* was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with die Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second tittle, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

were agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was mack by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Refer Wcirrhi presented to the House, according Manufacture to Order, a Bill for encouraging the making of Pot-a£d Ashes, and Pearl-Allies, in the British Plantations in ?ear es‘ America; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Admeafae* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon vS^ieau inti* the Bill for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat, tied tJ Meal, or other Corn or Grain, ground, for which a Bounty Bounty, is payable upon Exportation; and for making Allowances to the East India Company for their Charges and Expences in managing, paying, and transferring, their reduced Annuities; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from xhe Committee, That they had gone through the . Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to African resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Company, the Bill for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by* and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned; and for the Relief of David Crichton; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of thfi whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, to regulate and re- Colonial Bills strain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty's Colonies or of Credit. Plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations,

Connecticut, the Massachuftts Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payment of Money, be read the Third time, upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Dodingtony according to Order, reported from the Pall Mall Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleaning, enlight- ?*%'

cning, and keeping in Repair, the Street called Pall Mally as an Experiment towards the Paving, Cleaning, Enlightening, and keeping in Repair, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Precincts of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Laiicaster, which adjoineth thereto, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel again# the Bill was called in:

11 And

Manufi&ure of Pot and Pearl Aihes.

Ditto,

2-4 Geo. II. 7° — 8 0 285

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of several Freeholders, Owners of Houses, and Inhabitants of Ball-Mali, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others in the said Street, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill was heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition.

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration*

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker:

And Forty Members not being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 8° die junii\

Anno 24’ Georgii II" Regis, 1751. Prayers.

A BILL for encouraging the Making of Pot-Afties and Pearl-A fhes, in the British Plantations in America, was read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House*

A Petition of William Lodge was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Pearl-Ashes are a Commodity extremely necessary for carrying on several Manufactures in this Kingdom; and for that Purpose great Quantities of them have formerly been imported from Germany, and other foreign Countries, at a great JExpence; and that the Petitioner having for many Years made it his Study to discover the Art of making Pearl-Ashes, knowing that in England there was Wood, and other Vegetables, for making more than suficient to supply the Demands for it in Great Britain, he, to the great Detriment of his Fortune, and at the Hazard of his Life, travelled into Germany, in order to discover the Art, and to set up a Manufacture thereof in England for the publick Utility; and that the Petitioner did thereby discover the Art of making Pearl-A(hes, and the Implements and Utensils necessary for that Purpose, and returned to England; and in the Year 1748 set up a Manufacture thereof, near Bury St. Edmonds, in Suffolk; and, in order to encourage the Petitioner therein, his Majesty, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Jbearing Date the First Day of July 1749, was pleased to grant to the Petitioner an exclusive Power of making Pearl-A flies in England, and vending the fame, for the Space of Fourteen Years, according to the Statute in that same made and provided; and that, by the Terms of the said Letters Patent, the Petitioner was compelled to a Discovery of such of his Art, by inrolling the same in Chancery, for the Good of the Publick, after the Expiration of his Term, whereby all Persons are enabled to eome at the Knowledge of the Petitioner’s Secret; and that the Petitioner hath, from the obtaining of his Parent, carried on the Business of making Pearl- Ashes, which are in all Respects equal, and in some superior, to any imported from abroad; and doubts not but, before the Ex-Vol. 26.

piration of his Term of 14 Years, he shall be able to extend the said Manufacture greatly to the Benefit of this Kingdom, and thereby recompence himself for the great Trouble and Expence he hath been put to; and alleging.

That by the said Bill, should the same pass into a Law, without some Regard had to the Petitioner, his Majesty's most gracious Design, of granting the said exclusive Trade to the Petitioner, will be defeated, the Petitioner prejudiced in his Property, and all the Hopes of retrieving his Fortune, and compensating for his Labour and Danger, will be destroyed: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Consideration; and that he may be heard, by his Counsel, at the Second Reading of the said Bill; and may have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bankrupts whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Relief of Credirors in the Creditors of such Merchant* as shall become Bank- Scotland, rupts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for extending the Privileges of Bills of Exchange to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon such Bills and Notes; and for explaining Parc of an Act, of the aoth Year of his present Majesty, for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats, incurred in Scotland, by Horning and Denunciation, for Civil Causes; and for explaining an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1701, intituled, Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals; was committed; be now received.

Colonel Haldane accordingly reported, from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the J^ill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report pan from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Paving, Clean- Paving, ing, Enlightening, and keeping in Repair, the Street called Pall Mall, as an Experiment towards the Paving,

Cleaning, Enlightening, and Keeping in Repair, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Pre-cincts of the Savoy, and that Parc of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; be now resumed.

The House accordingly resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

The House was moved. That the last Clause in an Act, made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

(intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to Carts used by Persons inhabiting within - 4 D the

iS6 8rt — \<f y175 r.

the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, and to allow An Act for granting to’his Majesty an additional Duty such Carts to be drawn with Three Horses, and to pre- upon spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing vent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in Streets, the same; and for repealing the Act of the 2o:li Year of fwithin the said Limits) might be read* his Majesty s Reign (intituled, An Act for granting a

And the same was read accordingly. Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distiiiers, upon Li-

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be in- cences, to be taken out by them for retailing spiricuous

grofled. Liquors)5 and for the more effectually restraining the '

Retailing of distilled spiriruous Liquors; and for allowing Preventing Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- a Drawbrack upon the Importation of British-made Spi-Kobberies m Jng nexc> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole rits; and that the Parish of 6’/. Mary le Bon, in the County

dram er. House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing of Middlesex,shall be under the Inspection of the Head

Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, within the Office of Excise.

City.and Liberty of Westminster, and the several Parishes OrderedThat Mr. Fane, do catty the Bill; to the and Places adjoining thereto; and for the more effectual Lohls, and desire their Concurrence,

Apprehending and Convicting of Offenders within the '7

Bills of Mortality. An ingrossed Bill* for the bett^r Relief of the Creditors Bankrupts

of such Merchants as shaft become Bankrupts, in: that' Creditors in And then the House adjourned till Monday Part of Great Britain called Scotland \ and for excencHng Scotlau(i* Morning, Nine of the Clock. the Privileges of Bills of Exchange to Promissory Notes,:

; ,________ and for limiting Aftjons upon such Bills and Notes y and*

for explaining Parc of an Act, of the 20th Year of his Lunee IO° die 7unit present Majesty, for taking away the Casualties of Single

; 5 J y and Life-rent Escheats, incurred in Scotland, by Horning,;

Anno 240 Georgii 11" Regis, 1751. and Denunciation, for Civil.Causes; and for explaining

an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year Prayers. 1701, (intituled, Act for preventing wrongous Imprison-

Admeafixre- A , TR. West, according to Order, reported from the nnent, and against undue Delays in frials) was read the

roentof 1YJL Committee of the whole House, to whom the Third time.;

wheat ind- gjj for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat Meal, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

Bounty. or other Cqrn or Grain, ground, for which a Bounty is An Act for the better Relief of_the. Creditors of such

payable upon Exportation; and for making Allowances Merchants as shall become Bankrupts, in that Part of

to the East India Company for their Charges and Ex- Great Britain called Scotland, and for extending the Pri-

pences in managing, paying, and transferring, their re- vileges of Bills of Exchange to Promissory Notes, and for duced Annuities; was committed; the Amendments limiting Actions upon such Bflls and Notes, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which Ordered, That Colonel Haldane do carry the Bill to the they had directed him to report to the House; and he Lords, and desire their Concurrence. x 'A

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered /

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Mr. Alderman Bethell, according to Order, reported African

Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ComPan?f then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question Bill for allowing further Time to the Commissioners ap-severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House. pointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23a Year Ordered\ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act forex-in^rofled. tending and improving the 'Trade to Africa), to esquire

into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African FitzMau- Mr. Alderman Betbell reported from the Committee, Company, therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Da-rice’s Name, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, vtd Crichton \ was committed; the Amendments which An Act to enable the Honourable John Fitz Maurice, the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had and his Issue, to take and use the'Surname of Petty, directed him to report to the House; and he read the pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Henry late Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill',

Earl of Shelburn, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where was committed; That the Committee had examined the the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-and that the Committee had directed him to report the rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Andnede- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b$ livercdtjie Bill in at the Clerk's Table. ingrossed.

Manufactur* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Pm and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Pearl Ashes. the Bill for encouraging the Making of Pot-Ashes and Pearls Allies, in the British Plantations in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refohcd\ That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill An ingrossed Bill, for granting to his Majesty an act-Duty on Spi- didonal Duty upon spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences rus* for retailing the fame: and for repealing the Act of the

acth Y car of his Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distiiiers, upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing spirituous Liquors); and for the more effectually restraining the Retailing ofdistilled spirituous Liquors; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British-made Spirits; was read the Third time.

Refohcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An ingrossed Bill, for Paving, Cleaning, Enlightening, p3]l Mdl and Keeping in Repair, the Street called Pall Mall, as an Paving. Experiment towards the Paving, Cleaning, Enlightening, and Keeping in Repair, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Precincts of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TAr. so, he } 54-

So ic was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be. An Act for Paving, Cleaning, Enlightening, and Keeping in Repair, the Street called Pall Mall, as an Experiment towards the Paving, Cleaning, Enlightening, and Keeping in Repair, of the Streets of the City ana Liberty of Westminster, and Pro-

ctnft*

24: Geo. II.

IO°---12°

Junii.

Bar! Powis*

Manage

Articks.

Lord Ched-

worth’s

Estate.

Newland’s E dates.

JugU’s, &c. Nat.

Greenwich

HolpiuL

Ixpiring

Laws.

cincts of \hc~Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lan-cafterwhich adjoineth thereto; and for preventing Damage being done to the Pavements of the Streets within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, by the Wheels of Carts, Cars, or Drays.

Ordered, That the Lord Trentham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and

Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Henry Arthur, Earl of Pcwis, with Barbara, Countess of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Tbynne> Lord Chedworih, to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker Spinster, upon their Intermarriage, and for making Provision for their younger Children; and for explaining the Will of Sir Philip Parker Long Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late William Newland Esquire, deceased, in Gatton, Rigate, and Meaftbam, in the County of -Surry, for discharging Incumbrances: And also,

The Lards have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Jug la and Stephen Cogigian.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, to render all Contracts and Agreements, which shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of any Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or towards the finishing and compleacing the said PJospital, valid and effectual, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act to fender all Contracts and Agreements, which shall be i made by the Commissioners, or Governors, of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich> for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or towards the finishing and compleating the said Hospital, valid and effectual, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame.

Ordered, That. Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve icfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowfprirs, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, to British-made Sail-Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-Cloth, and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itftlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; That the said Bill be read the Third time upon this Day Seven-night;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

enf<,,b.T {g-sas3^,} s

I 3!.

So it paired in the Negative.

Then, the Bill was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. T

Pr. a. L. last. After " respectively," to insert ^unless where the same have been altered by any subsequent <c'Act or Acts of Assembly; and in that Cafe, that the " same be discharged according to the Tenor mentioned " in the said Act or Acts of Affemhly." .;

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill:was amended at the Table accordingly. -1 v,

Another Amendmento^as proposed to be made to tbc; Bill in Pr. 4* L. 5. by leaving out the* Words cf and also the Interest to be paid thereon."

And the Question being put, That those Words (land Part of the Bill;.

11 was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5: L* 19. After cc thereof," to insert " except as is of herein before excepted." .) .;

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connediicut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payment of Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles‘Pownjhend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, >vho were appointed to consider of la much of the Table of Fees for Business in this House, as relates to private Bills and Clauses, and to report their Opinion therein to the House, be further adjourned dll Hburjday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the several Parishes and Places adjoining thereto; and for the more effectual apprehending and convicting of Offenders within the Bills of Mortality:

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° Junii;

Adjcorn- Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Anno Gcor§U lr" Regis> *751*

House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Alien:

of Credit. Reading of the ingrossed Bill, to regulate and restrain Mr. Speaker,

Paper Bills of Credit, in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plan- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act \rations of^Rhode Island and ProvidencePlantations, Con- -for the more effectual securing of the Duties upon To-netticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire, in bacco, without any Amendment: And also,

America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act in Payment of Money, be now read. Tor repealing the Duties now payable upon foreign Linen

Yol. s6. ~ Yarns,

Fees of the House.

Preventing Robberies in Westminster.

Duties on Tobacco.

Duties on Liacn Yarns.

i88 12* JimiL A. 1751.

Yams, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

Surry Roads. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, St. George's Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of S#rry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment: And also.

Ducky of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Cornwall to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of

Leafing* Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, without any Amendment: And also,

f rmeflion of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An All JufHcej, Ac. for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Confta-bfas, and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, without any Amendment: And also,

Alton bury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act H»H, Sec* for the enlarging of the Terms and Powers, and making

Roads. more effectual, several Alts of Parliament for repairing

and amending the Highways leading from Royfton, in the Cotoitty of Hertford, to Wmdsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, (0 far as relates to the Amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called The Whik fefi, on AUoribury HBl, it) the County of Huntingdon, and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls taken at Saltree and Wandsford Toll-gates may, from and after a certain time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton % without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

Accounts re-foecting the Linen and Woollen Manufacture.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Linen and Woollen Manu-failures exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to the British Sugar Wands, from the Year 1730 to the Year 1750, with the Value of the said Manu-faltures, distinguishing each Year and each hland: And also.

An Account of all the Linen and Woollen Manu-faltures exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to the British Northern Colonies, from the Year 1730 to the Year 17 Jo, with the Value of the said Manufactures, distinguishing each Year, and each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lid upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Admeasure- An ingrossed Bill, for ascertaining the Admeasurement WheaHnti- ^leal, or other Corn or Grain, ground, for

tle/to which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation 5 and for Bounty. making Allowances to the East India Company for their Chargfs and Expences in managing, paying, and transferring, their deduced Annuities; was read the Third time.

Rejohtd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat Meal, or other Corn or Grain, ground, for which a Bounty i9 payable upon Exportation; and for making Allowances to the East India Company for their Charges and Expences in managing, paying, and transferring, their reduced Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the I&ll to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, as Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled*

An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa), to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned; and for the Relief of David Criubtm; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byway of Ryder, for retraining the Royal African Company of England from dispoling of their Effclts, and for (laying Suits against the said Company.

Arid the same was brought up; and being twice read, with Blanks,

The House was moved. That Part of the said Act, made in the 23d Yeai^ojf his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa), might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Blanks in the said Clause being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Refobed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be;

An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by, and in purfoance of, An Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned; and for the Relief of David Crichton 5 and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned; and for (laying all Suits for Money due from or on the Account of the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bethell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr.Sqm the Reverend Doltor Squire, for the Sermon by him dunked, preached Yesterday before this House, at St. Margaret's Westminster; and that he be delired to print the fame:

And that Mr. Charles Townshend, and Mr. West do acquaint hinvjthercwith.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fitz Mn. to enable the Honourable John Fitz-Maurice, and his Issue, rice’4 to take and use the Surname of Petty, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Henry late Earl of Shel-bwrn, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bethell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Expiring to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Laws, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British-made Sail-cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-vn&dt Gunpowder; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bilk

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Tufner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direlted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

African An ingrossed Bill, for allowing further Time to the Company. & '

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a "otsnd* 5 Committee Pearl Afcet.

0

2$Geo. II.

i2° — i7>° Junii.

289

Preventing Robberies in Wc&Dinster.

Expiring

Laws.

Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for encouraging the making of Pot Aalhes and Pearl-ashes, in the British Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Colleton took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Colleton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

The other Order of the Day being read 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the several Parishes and Places adjoining thereto; and for the more effectual apprehending and convicting of Offenders within the Bills of Mortality.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis, 130 die 'Junii; Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751. Prayers.

SI R John Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British-mzAz Sail-cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

LawsHpeft- $ir Richard Lloyd reported from the Committee, who ing Felonies, were appointed to revise and consider the Laws in being.

which relate to Felonies, and other Offences against the Peace, and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment of the said Laws; that the Committee had considered some other of the Matters to them referred, and had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foliow-eth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provision for the Poor of England, and Wales, is become a very great, and is at present an increasing. Charge on the real and personal Estates of the Subjects.

Rejohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That one great Cause of this Expence, is, that the vast Sums raised for their Use are in general expended on their mere Maintenance only, and very little or no Care taken to provide for their Employment.

Rtfolvedy Tiv.it it is the Opinion of this Committee, That another great Source of this Expence, is, the Removals of poor Persons from one Part of this Kingdom to another, as to the Place of their legal Settlements, and the Numbers of Controvcrfies arising thereon,

Vol. 26.

Rjolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That another great Source of the Increase of Expence, is, that there is in general little or no Care taken to educate the Children of the Poor in Habits of Industry, so that when they grow up they are not able to pfovide £ Maintenance for themselves, and so live in Idleness, partly through Necessity; and consequently propagate a new Race of chargeable Poor, from Generation to Generation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That many Parishes are too small separately to raise a Stock sufficient wherewith to employ the Poor to any Advantage.

Rejohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That it would, in all Probability, be a great Means of lessening, to a considerableDegree, the Charge of the Poor, and of greatly decreasing their Number, in a Very few Years, if some Method should be agreed on to maintain and employ the Poor by one common Fund in every County, although no Parish flhould be obliged to contribute more than they have usually paid to the Maintenance of their own Poor, at a reasonable Medium.

Resolved,\ That it is the Opinion of this Comteittefc, That after such Method shall be agreed upon, the Repeal of the several Laws concerning the Settlements and Removals of, and Certificates for, the Poor, would be a Saving of very great Sums now expended on those Occasions.

The Five first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " one," and inferring the Word " a " instead thereof;

And the Question being put. That the Word " one" {land Part of the said Refolurion;

It pa{fed in the Negatiye.

And the Question being put, That the Word " a *’ be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out all the Words thereinafter the Word "County."

And the Question being pur, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Rejohedy That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That it would, in all Probability, be a great Means of lessening, to a considerable Degree, the Charge of the Poor, and of greatly decreasing their Number, in a very few Years, if some Method should be agreed on to maintain and employ the Poor by a common Fund in every County.

The lad Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Derby, in the room of the Right Honourable William Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Hartingtony now Lord Cavendish of Hardwyck, called up to the House of Peers.

The House was moved, That the 3d and 39th Sections of an Act, made in the 4th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for raising One Million Two hundred thousand Pounds, by Annuities, and a Lottery,in manner therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer- Bills, Lottery-Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

4 E Rejohedy

Litak.

Derby Writ

Paying off certain Annuities.

190 i4°-

Resolved*, Thai Notice be given* That the Annuities payable at the Exchequer after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and which, by an Act paHed in the 4th Year of his present Majesty *s Reign, were charged on the additional Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, will be redeemed and paid off on the 10th Day of October 175*, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith signify, by Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, the said Resolution of this House.

Chaplain. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to confer feme Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Richard Cope, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most. Honourable Privy Council.

Manufactore Mr. Colleton, according to Order, reported from the of Pota"d Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Pearl A es. encouraging the Making of Pbt-ashes and Pearl-ashes, in the British Plantations in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, except one of them which was disagreed to, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tecs of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the

Htmfe. adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the Table of Fees for Business in this House, as relates to private Bills and Clauses, and to report their Opinion therein to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the r irft Resolution of the Committee, which, upon Tuesday the 4th Day of this instant June, was read a Second time, was, upon the Question puc thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolution of the House, of the 19th Day of June 1746, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followed!; viz.

44 Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, is intitled to, and ought to take and re- ceive, from every Person who shall be brought to the *4 Bar of this House, to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker,

44 the Fees following; viz. The Fee of 5/. or 31.

" 6 s. $d. (according to the Table of Fees) for taking 44 a Person into Custody; the Fees for One Day in Custody, viz. 1 /. for himself, and 6 s. 8 d. for the Messenger; and the Fee of 6 s. Sd. for bringing 44 a Criminal to the Bar.’*

Ordered, That the Resolution last mentioned, and also the Resolutions of the Committee, who were appointed to consider so much of the Table of Fees for Business in this House, as relates to private Bills and Clauses, and to report their Opinion therein to the House, which have been this Day agreed to by the House, be printed, and 1

— 18* Junii. 1751.

hung up under the Table of Fees, in the Lobby of the House, and in the Clerk's Office.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die 'Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing several Laws therein Ejfp;r;ng mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Im- Laws, porcation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British-made Sail-cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exporration of British-made Gunpowder; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill'do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Mafis,

Yards, and Bowfprics, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British-made Sail-cloth, and the Duties payable oh foreign Sail-cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-vnaie Gunpowder.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for encouraging the Making of Por- j^anopaftlire ashes and Pearl-ashes, in thex British Plantations in of pot and America, was read the Third time. Pcjrl Allies.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be,

An Act for encouraging the Making of Pot-ashes and Pearl-affies, in the British Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martin, 18° die Junii.

Anno 25* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers,

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That pursuant pav*in?off to their Order to him, on the 13th Day of this certain An* Instant June, he had signified by Writing, inserted in the nuitiei. London Gazette of Saturday last, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London the same Day, the Resolution of this House of the said 13th Day of this instant June; i€ That Notice be given. That the Annuities payable at the Exchequer after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings/ter Centum per Annum, and which, by an Act passed in the 4th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

44 were charged on the additional Duties on stampt Vel- lum. Parchment, and Paper, will be redeemed and paid off, on the 10th Day of October 1752, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the said A ft."

The said Notice is as followeth, viz.

44 Resolution and Order of the House of Commons,

44 Jovis, 130 die Junii, 1751.

44 Rejolved\ That Notice be given, That the Annuities payable at the Exchequer after the Rate of 1 nree Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and which by an Act passed in the 4th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were charged on the additional Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, will be f4 redeemed and paid off, on the loch Day of October 4 1752, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the " said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith signify by c Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, the said f Resolution of this House.

4 44 Which

Geo. 1L

" Which Resolution and Order, thus signified and published by me, is to be sufficient Notice of the said in-M tended Redemption.

<r 15th June, tc Ar. Onslow, Speaker."

*75i-

Tauten Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Urn. C erk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Sometfet, in the room of William Rowley Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Truro Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable Edward Bo/cawen Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

f Chippenham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit, for the Electing of a Burgess to ftrve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Edward Bayntun Rolt Esquire, who, since his Election for the said borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor-General of his Majesty’s Duchy of Cornwall.

191

theDischarge oFBankrupts; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act S»pp1y Bill j for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spi- on rituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the fame; p‘nls’ and for repealing the Act of the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers, upon Licences, to be taken out by them for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and for the more effectually restraining the Retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors) and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British-mz&t Spirits; and chat the Parish of Saint Mary k Bon, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Colonial Bills to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in his Ma- of Credit, jetty's Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payment of Money, without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the St. German* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, fortheEleft- Wm*

ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edward Eliot Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver-General of his Majesty’s Duchy of Cornwall.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sinking for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Six hundred thou-Fund, &c. sand Pounds, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one; and for Allowances to the poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer, in lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, or destroyed; and also for making forth new Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, in lieu of such as shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise incumbered with Affigriments or Indorsements thereon; without any Amendment: And also.

Expiring The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Laws. 6 to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delf of Coal, or Cannal Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer, in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly, into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to make some further Provisions in relation to the flgning of Certificates for Vol. 26.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Tregony Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Elcfting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Trevanim Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Auditor of his Majesty’s Duchy of Cornwall:

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 21° die Junii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Wigtoun to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, Writ* for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Wigtoun, in the room of John Stewart Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Pipe of his Majesty’s Exchequer in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Lefkeard

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elect-Writ.

ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejkeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Charles Trelawney Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of A flay Matter of Tin, in his Majesty’s Duchy of Cornwall

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Edwards and Mr,

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by BarlowV this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part Estate. of the settled Estate of George Barlow Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Part of his Estate, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in Lieu thereof:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Admeasure-for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat Meal, or

otker tied to Bounty.

Manufzfture of Fot and Peari Ashes.

Expiring

Laws.

Diflempcr

amongil

Cattle.

Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

Indorsing of Warrants by Jitllices.

Robberies on navigable Rivers.

African

Company.

Committee

on Laws re-

spefling

Trade.

292

other Corn.or Grain, ground, for which a Bounty is payable, upon Exportation; and for making Allowances to the East India Company, for their Charges and Expends in managing, paying, and transferring, their redueHHR-nuittes; without any Amendrnent: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Ppt-ashes, and Pearl-a(hdl| in the British Plantations in America, without any Amend* menc: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British’made Sail-cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and making more effectual, a Clause (in . an Act paged in the last Session of Parliament) for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by the Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays, adjacent, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, an Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to inquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company, therein mentioned; and for the Relief of David Crichton \ and for retraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned; and for flaying all Suits for Money due from, or on the Account of, the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Tonge reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to Trade and Manufactures, and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, as to the Repeal or Amendment of the fame; That the Committee had considered several of the said Laws; and had directed him to report their Observations thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to Trade and Manufactures, and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, as to the Repeal or Amendment of the fame, have very frequently met and made a considerable Progress in the Enquiry, for which they were' appointed; but they have found it a much more voluminous Work than they imagined, thot%h, ac the same Time, a very useful and necessary Employment and there-

a. 1751*.

fore have thought it proper only to rrprefenc to the House in general the following Observations.

They have gone through all the Laws relating to that Part of Trade and Manufactures usuallydistinguished under the Head of Drapery; a great Part of which they are of jfepi|Uon ought to be irltirely repealed; many, as being grown out of Use, and lcarce ever put in Execution, but on malicious and frivolous Pro*urions; others inti rely local; others, though perhaps well calculated for the Times jn which they were made, yet now become prejudicial to Trade, in its present State; others quite useless,. and particularly such as relate to the Aloage, now ac an End; and many others, to a great Number, an unnecessary Burthen to the Statute Book;

There are others proper to be repealed, though they may contain many useful and advantageousClauses, which, in the Opinion of your Committee, ought rather to be re-enacted in new Bills, unde^roper Titles, expressing the Contents, to avoid the gr£at Difficulty of finding them uhder several Heads; particularly in the Instance of (almost annual) Bills for continuing expiring Laws of various Kinds, many of the Titles- of which are deficient in the expressing the whole Contents; and others of which are of such different Natures, as to require great Attention, even in those who make the Law their peculiar Srudy, to reduce them under proper Heads* much more to J offices of the Peace, and others, who are entruftrd with the Execution of them.

Besides, there are several others of different Natures, well worth the Consideration of the House, particularly such as relate to the Reftrainrs laid on the Exportation of the Coin of this Kingdom; which may have a Tendency to prevent the Coining of great Quantities of the Bullion imported for the Balance of Trade from several Parrs, which lies dead, as being of moreVakie than coined Silver, by being capable of re-exportation for foreign and beneficial Trades; and if it were employed here, might be of great Use in Circulation, and would increase our Sterling Currency.

There arc other Laws of great Importance, which dr- serve Consideration; particularly such as require the serving an Apprenticeship for seven Yeats, before any Person can setup a particular Trade and Occupation, which were at first well intended, for securing the Goodness, and consequently the Value and Estimation, of our several Manufactures in foreign Parts, and to prevent the Disparage-meot of them, by unfkilfui Workmen; but fmcc the Improvement of Trade in general, it is found chat all Manufactures find their own Value, according to their Goodness; and that scarce any Prosecutions have been carried on upon these Statutes, but against such as have excelled in their own Trades, by Force of their own Genius, and not against such as have been ignorant in their Proft ffions; which is the Reverie of the Intent of such Laws, and a great Obstruction to Industry and Improvements.

These Obstructions arise partly from the Laws above-mentioned, and partly from particular Franchises and Byelaws of Corporations; but your Committee are of Opinion* if the legal Restraints were once removed, the particular Bye-laws would soon be reversed; as they cannot but observe, that the most useful and beneficial Manufactures are principally carried on, and Trade most fiouri thing, in such Towns and Places as are under no such local Disabilhies.

Your Committee also observe*, That a" Work of this Nature has been thought a properObjeft of Parliamentary Consideration, particularly in the First and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of King fames the First, and in the ThirdofKingCiwr/mheFirft,whenfeveral A 6ls,formerly passed, to a very great Number, were either confirmed, revived, altered, or repealed 5 but in so con used a Manner, as to require great Accuracy, and Attention, and frequent turning to the several Acts cherein mentioned, in order to know which of those Laws, and how much of each, remain in Force, and which of them are repealed; which Inconvenience may easily be avoided, in framing

any

i i° Junii.

45 Geo. II.

4 r Junii.

49J

any future Bill or Bills, which may be thought proper for read the Third time* and, Upon ttie Question put there-the like Purposes. Upon, agreed to by the House.

These are the Observations your Committee have made Ordered, That Mr. Morton do carry the Bill to the in the Course of their Enquiry; but they forbear to ann^c; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

the Lift of those Laws which are mentioned above, §$ to the Amendments made by their Lordships. proper to be repealed, as the approaching End of this^' >

Session renders it impradlicable to pass a Bill or The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Difampef

that Purpose i^ndyDefides, they may pofiibly liefetve^ Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, v

another Conflict. Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, c

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Aim* The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time to the CommissiOness appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to enquire Atfo the Claims of ce*taiq£reditors of the Royal African . ‘Company; therein mfcjjfeoiTCcl; and for the Relief of David Crichton; and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effcdls as are therein mentioned; and for (laying all Suits for Money due from, or on the Account of, the said Company, for the Time therein ment-. tioned.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 19. Leave out One," and insert 4< Two."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

Ordered, That Sir William Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Abbreviation

ofMkhacl-

putTerm.

\ T|

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Abbreviation oi Michaelmas Term.

And the said Amendments were read and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 19. Leave out in the said Michaelmas Term," and insert from and after the Feast-Day of Saint Michael the Archangel, in the Year of our Lord c< 17 52"

L. ^o. After, 44 shall " insert be in Michaelmas Term.v"

At the End of the Bill add Clause marked (X).

Ci. (X).44 And whereas, by the Abbreviation of Mi-<€ chaelmas Term, pursuant to this Act, the Morrow of All Souls will not be in full Term, and thereby will prove inconvenient % the Purpose of ordaining Sheriffs, 44 pursuant to an Act^)f Parliament, made in the 14th tc Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, intituled, How long a Sheriff shall continue in his Office: Be it m therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, 44 from and after the Commencement of this Act, the same Officers and Persons, who, by Virtue of the said "Tad-mentioned Act, or any other Law or Statute, ought 44 a(set^|bleat the Exchequer yearly, on the Morrow of u-ml Souls, for the ordaining or nominating of Sheriffs, 44 shall not assemble on that Day; bur, instead thereof, 44 shall assemble yearly on the Morrow of Saint Martin, 44 at the Exchequer, in the like maTrner, and for the same Intent and Purpose."

The Two First of the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (X), the lad Amendment, being a read a Second time;

The House was moved That Statute 1, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, Chapter 7, concerning the Time for the ordaining of Sheriffs, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the said Clause (being an ingossed Clause) was Vox.. 26.

me

more effectually to prevent the spreadin^f the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz. Q

At the End of the Bill add Clauses 44 (A) (B) and 44 (C)"

In the Frft Line of the Title, after 4t forh add 44 ex* 44 plaining," and after continuing" add and en- forcing."

Clause (A). 44 And whereas, by an Act passed in the 44 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle, and for impowering his Majesty to cc prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves^ll Sellers of any live Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steef^or Heifer, are required to obtain a Certificate from some Justice of the Peace, 44 or Commissioner of the Land Tax, specifying the Co- lours and Number of Beads intended to be sold, and the Parish, Township, or Place, from whence the same are brought, or intended to be carried, in order for Sale; and the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of the Owner or Owners thereof, and that the Beads contained in such Certificate, have been the Property, and in the Possession, of such Person or Persons, for at least Forty Days before the Date of the said Certificate; and it was likewise by the said Act further enacted, That no Person (Butchers and others excepted, buying fat Cattle for immediate Slaughter) 44 shall purchase any living Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer, 44 or Heifer, without having first obtained a Certificate from some Justice of the Peace, or Commissioner of the Land Tax, adlingfor the County, Riding, Division, 44 or Place, where such Person resides, specifying his or her Name, and Place of Abode, and the Number of Beads,he or (lie intends to purchase, and whether such Beads are intended to be purchased by himself or her- self, or by an Agent or Servant; and if by an Agent or Servant, then the Name and Place of Abode, of such Agent or Servant; and that it appears, upon the Exa- mination by the said Act directed, That such Person really occupies Land sufficient to graze and keep the Number of Beads contained in such Certificate, over- and-above the Stock such Person is at present possessed 4< of, for the Space of Three Months. And whereas, the 41 obtaining such Certificate hath, in many Cafes been found very troublesome and unnecessary; Be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Seller or Buyer of any such Cattle shall be obliged to take out either of the said Certificates, where both the Seller and Buyer live in the same Parish, or in the next adjacent Parish, or Place, Of within Five Miles distance of each other; provided that the Seller of such Cattle has been in the Possession of the Catde (o to be sold. Forty Days at the least before such Sale; and so as the Buyer keeps the said Cattle Three Months at the lead from the Time he purchases the fame; and so as the Distemper, 44 that now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, be not within the Space of Ten Miles of the Seller's Abode; and that the Seller and Buyer live in the same County; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding."

Clause (B).44 And whereas the Magistratesof some Cor- potations, ficuated within Counties at large, have,»in 44 same Places, presumed to hold Faifs and Markets, for 4 F 44 the

n

V

*0 '*>.

4 94

2l° — 240 Junii.

A.

175*'

the Sale of Horned Cattle,when the justices of the Peace Clause (C), being an ingrossed Clause, was read che

for the County at large have prohibited Fairs and Mar- Third time; and, with the Amendment made by die kets to be holden in the said County, which, in a gr<kt House thereto, was, upon the Question put thereupon, measure frustrates the said Prohibition, and occjMK agreed to by the House. many Disputes; Be it therefore further enacted, b&tn&

Authority aforesaid, That, from and after th^iftT)^ , The Amendments made by the Lords to the Tide of ofjufy, in the Year of our Lord 1751, where the Justice£^fiud Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, of the Peace for any County at large, have alre^v^upon me Question severally put thojeuppn, agreed to bf

the House.

or shall hereafter, think proper to prohibit Fairs ( Markets ttj&bc holden for the Sale of Horned Cattle within fuclTCouncy, such Prohibition shall be deemed and taken to extend to all Corporations within such " County, or surrounded by, or lying contiguous to, such " County; any Charter, Pri\jjcge, or Exemption, to the M contrary notwithstanding."

Clause (C)." And whereas the chief Magistrates of Cor-€t porations, where Fairs and Markets are holden, do take fC upon them to certify for the Health of all the Horned c< Beads brought to their Fair or Market, although many *' of them coriie from distant Places, far remote from " the said Corporation; whereby much Mischief may " ensue: For preventing thereof, Be it further enacted, <c That, from and after the ift Day of July, 1751, no u Justice of the Peace, or other Mam (Irate, of any Cor-<c poration, or Qaonmissioner of the Xand Tax for such ct Corporation/or Ifefdtor or Vicar within any Corporation, shall certify for any Horned Bead, but such as <c have been £$pt within his Jurisdiction for the Time " required by Law; nor for the Hide of any Beast, but u such as have been slaughtered within his Jurisdiction; " any thing in any former Act to the contrary notwith-u (landing. "

Claufif(A), the First of the said Amendments, was read a Second time.

Clause (B), the next Amendment, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by adding at the End thereof these Words; " And in case any such Magistrare shall proclaim, or give €t Notice, or cause to be proclaimed, or Notice to be " gircn, of any Fair or Market for Horned Beads, or €t shall wilftjlly and knowingly permit any Horned Beads c< to be brought into, or sold at, any Fair or Market *' within his Jurisdiction,during such Prohibition as afore-€l said, such Magistrare shall forfeit and pay the Sum of " 1001, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to any Person cc who shall sue for the same, in any of his Majesty’s u Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, " Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than <c One Imparlance, shall be allowed.*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (C), the next Amendment, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by adding at the End thereof these Words; " And " in case any such Magistrare shall take upon him to grant *c Certificates, otherwise than as aforesaid,such Magistrate K shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, of i€ lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Certificate To <c granted, to any Person or Persons that shall sue for the " same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, <c or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Re-c< cord at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit; wherein c< no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then Clause (A), being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (B), being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, with the Amendment made by the House' thetftgu was, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed to by the Hpufe.

Ordered, That Sir John burner doxarry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill* with Amendments to some of them: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 240 dieyuniij

Anno 25° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That then* Anfoerta Address of Thursday the 1 3th Day of this Instanc Additfc. June (that his Majesty would be gracioufty pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr.

Richard Cope, Chaplain to this House) had been prt^Jrited to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say.

That he will confer some EBfnity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Richard Cope, Chaplain to this House, as is desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandy.r do carry to the Lords the Diflempe Bill intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of CatdCe the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with Amendments to some of them: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships. //

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Robberi Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An navigab Act for the more effectual preventing of Robberies and ^rers» Thefts, upon any navigable River, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays adjacent.

And the said Amendment waWrcad; and is as followeth; viz.

L. 39. Leave out from cc Clergy/* to the End of the Bill.

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. - ,

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carrjwhe Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the indorfii Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, of War An Act for amending, and making more effectual, a bfJafti Clause (in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament) for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place.

And the said Amendments were read; and are folio weth; viz.v

Pr. 2. L. 26. After " required," insert <c upon Proof " being made, upon Oath, of the Hand-writing of the cc Justice or Justices granting such Warrant.*’

Pr. 3. L. 25, Leave out " Offender/* and insert Offence."

The

25 Geo. II. 24 — 25 Junii. 295

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Proby do carry the Bill to the Lords} and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to $he Amendments made by their Lordships.

it A An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Barnet arid Mr;

Montagu: ip

of Loan, or Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer, in lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, or destroyed; and al$ for making forth new Orders of Loan, or Annuity-in lieu of such as shall become defaced, terated, or otherwise incumbered, indorsements thereon.

obli-

with Assignments or

Lawmfpeft*

Mr. Speaker,

Blftcmpcr

imoDgft

Caule.

r-' — r'" The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Rwdi.&cl C for more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike-Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the Disposition of Penalties given by Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for enforcing the ReCQvery thereof; and for the more effectual Preventing'of Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Cars, Wagg^,;tfn the Citvof London, and within Ten fcs theuw} ifcfthout any%mendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, more effectuatly to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render all Contrafts and Agreements which shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of any Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or to-

wards^i? finishing and* completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual, and for pertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Bpon spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing Uhe^fame; and for repealing the Act of the T wentieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign (intiejaled/An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers, upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing spirituous Liquors)} and for the more effectually restraining the Retailing of distilled spirituoys Liquors} and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British-made Spirits} and that the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise.

An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon foreign Linen Yarns, and for granting other Duties iri lieu thereof.

An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to British-made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail-Cloth 5 and to, the 'Allowance upon the Exportation of British- made Gunpowder.

An Act for the more effectual securing of the Duties upon Tobacco.:

An Act for ascertaining the Admeasurerfient of Wheat Meal, or other Corn or Grain ground, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation} and for making Allowances to the East India Company, for their Charges and Expences in managing, paying, and their reduced Annuities.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned} for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons, going armed, in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more fptf dy .....~ ~ ~ Two

Ann

Ditto*

loyal A (Tent to Bilk

L

tran^erring,

Martis, 2 50 die Junit;

Regis, 1751.

Prayers:

THE Question being put, That the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render all Contrafts and Agreements, which shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or towards the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame, be now taken into Consideration;

It passed in the Negative.

A Meffag€ftrom his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers} where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the fevc-ral publick and private Bills following} viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Six hundred Thousand Pounds out of the NSinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Sevep hundred and Fifty-one} and for Allowances to the poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament} and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery-Tickets, Certificates, Orders VOL* 26.

bringing the Offenders tojustice} for continuing Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea-Bank, and to prevent the malicious vcutting of Hop-binds} for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delf, of Coal, or Cannal Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer iri Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in FoFefts, Chaces, or Parks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufact^re, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Stores, from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Hrestminster; and to make some further Provisions in relation to the Signing of Certificates for the Discharge of Bankrupts,

An Act for allowing further Time.to the Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton, and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned, and for (laying all Suits for Money due from* or on the Account of the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned.

An Act for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

An Act to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island, and 4 . Providence

29 6

250 J

A. i 7$ i

Royal A (Tent Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, toBiUs, ancj Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the

lame being legal Tenders in Payment of Money.

An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace, more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants.

An Act for the more effectual Preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable Rivers, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharfs and Quays adjacent.

An Act for encouraging the making of Pot-ashes and Pearl-Ashts, in the British Plantations in America.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

An Act for amending and making more effectual a Clause, in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place.

An Act forexplaining, continuing, and enforcing several Laws therein mentioned, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminfiei\ and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster wflfich adjoineth thereto), and for making the said Act mofe effectual.

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the yTurqpike-Roads in that Part of Great Britain called IZnglatgl, and for the Disposition of Penalties given by Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways in that Parc of Great Britain called England, and for enforcing the Recovery thereof; and for the more effectual preventing of Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Cars, and Waggons, in the City of London, and within Ten Miles thereof.

An Act for the Enlarging or the Terms and Powers, an$l making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways leading from RoyJlony in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Amending of that Parc of the Road as lies between a Place called The White Post, on Alconhury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, and Wandsford Bridge, in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls taken at Saltree and Wandsford Toll-gaces may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stiltony in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough, in die County of North-amp I on.

An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, in the several Parishes of Lambetby Newingtony St. George's Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent.

An Act for establishing and confirming Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, with Barbara Counttfs of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Phynne Lord Chedworth, to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker Spinster, upon their Intermarriage, and for making Provision for their younger Children; and for explaining the Will of Sir Philip Parker Long Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for completing the Sale of the Estate, late of Francis Scotty commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, and for applying the Money arising the reby, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for impowering the Guardians of the Heir * of the said late Earl, for the Time being, to make Leases

wl of Ground and Buildings, in the County of Middlesex,

during the Minority of such Heir.

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lord Viscount Kilmorey, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage-Settlement, and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement.

An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester;

Stafford, and Derby, devised by tn£ Will of Sarah Frowde Widow, deceased, in Ralph Blois Clerk, in Fee-simple, and for settling an entire Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of George Barlow Esquire in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Part of his Estate, of greater Value, to the same Uses (except as therein is excepted), in lieu thereof.

An Act for Sale of the Estates, late of William New-land Esquire; deceased, in Gatton, and Meaflham,

in the County of Surry, foe dischar^Wln^nribraniS*.

An Act for Sale of certain Estatevin the County of Stafford, of Christopher Wood Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances addling the fame, and for settling other Lands in lieu thej^of*-

An Act for making and granting Leases of Lands, jp Tenements, and Mines, in the County of Cornwall, comprised in the Marriage Settlement and Will of Kellond Courtenay Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Issue claiming under the said Settlement and Will.

An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of George Courtenay Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances,afftfting the fame, and for enabling him to make a ^fOTfeon for his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage-Articles.

An Act to enable the lifcnourable John Fitz-Maur:cef and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Petty, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Shelburney in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

An Act for enabling Richard King Stubblefield Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of King.

An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Baron de Soefdyk Van Cloon, Lord of Rbynwick.

An Act for naturalizing John Jugla, Stephen Cogigian,

John Jacob Zomlin, and John Adolph Speck.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most The King’s gracious Speech to both Houses of P$&brnent; as fol- sPcech> loweth; viz. *

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The advanced Season of the Year makes it necessary for me to put an End to this Session of Parliament; and I do it with the greater Satisfaction, as your diligent Application to the publick Business has brought it to lb happy a Conclusion. On this Occasion, I cannot but return you my hearty Thanks for the many Proofs you have given me of your Zeal and Affection for me and my Government, and the Care and Attention which you have exerted for the Interests of my People.

As Europe now enjoys a happy Tranquillity, very little Alteration has been made in the State bf^preign Affairs fmee your Meeting. My Resolution to preserve the general Peace is the fame; and I have the greatest Reason to rely on the like good Disposition in the Powers in Alliance with me, not only being continued, but confirmed and improved.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Readiness with which you have granted me the Supplies for the Service of the current Year demands my particular Acknowledgements; and the Prudence and Firmness you have shewn in completing the Reduction of the Interest of the national Debt is agreeable to me, as that Mjjrafure is essential to the Strength and Welfare of my Kingdom.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have nothing to desire of you, but effectually to consult your own true Interest and Happiness. Let it be your Care to maintain, in your several Countries, the publick

Peace

o


25 Geo. IL 25° Junii. — 130 Augusti. — 15° . 297

iPcacc and good Order, to encourage and promote a just My "Lords and Gentlemen,

Reverence for Government and Law, and not to suffer It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament those good Laws which are enacted here to lose their Parliament be prorogued until the Thirteenth Day prorogued.

Effect, for want of a due Execution. of August next, to be then here held: And this Parlia*

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’a ment isaccordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Thirteenth Command,' said: Day of August next.

Martist 130 die AuguJH;

Anno 25* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1751.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation j

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Ward, Deputy Gentleman-U(her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Th* Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Conrniilhon, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, wthtTie House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament uncil ‘tuejday the 1 jth Day of October next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 15th Day of October next.

Martiiy 150 die Octobrisj

Anno 25* Georgii IP* Regis, 1751.

THE House met, pursuant to the last Proroga-, parliamen» cion. . furthe- pro-

Mr. Speaker was at the Bath for the Recovery of hix r°gUed» Health.

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr*

Ward) Deputy Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod i Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authoriaed by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the Houser with the Clerk-Assistant (the Clerk being at the Bath for the Recovery of his Health), went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament until iSburjdny the 14th Day of Novetfiler next."

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Yburjdoy the 14th Day of Nwpnber next.

Vol 4,6.

4?

*Gs

C 198 ]

J OURN ALS

OF THE

HOUSE of C O M M O N S.

T,

! . , Self. 1751 — 1752.

Meflageto attend the King.

Members »ke Oaths.

Clan^estine

Outlawries.

The King’s Speech reported.


9

Jovis, 140 die Novembris

Anno 25° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

AM ESS AGE from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament* of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the-House; and is as foliow-eth* viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is with great Satisfaction that I meet you in Parliament at this Time, when the Continuance of the publick Tranquillity, and the flouriflhing Condition of my Kingdoms, leave us nothing to desire, but to secure and improve our present Situation. To this end all my Views and Measures have" been directed, both at home and abroad; and itjt this State of Things nothing can give me more real Pleasure, than to observe those solid Advantages which my good Subjects reap from it in their Tracts and Manufactures; some Branches whrrcof have also received considerable Benefit from the wife Provisions which have been made by this Parliament.

The Treaty lately entered into with the Elector of Bavaria was laid before you in your last Session, and I then acquainted you that I was taking such further Measures as might tend to secure the Tranquillity of the Empire, support its System, and timely prevent such Events as had been found by Experience to endanger the common Cause. I have since, for the same Purposes, in Conjunction with the States General of the United Provinces, found it necessary to conclude a Treaty with the King of Tolandy Elector of Saxony; which shall be communicated to you.

The unfortunate Event of the Prince of Orang/s Death has made no Alteration in the Srate of Affairs in Holland) and by the prudent and early Measures taken there the Quiet of that Country has been preserved, and their Government carried on upon the Foundation of the Settlement which had, with so much Fore fight, t^en previously established by Laws of the Republick. have received the strongest Assurances from the States General of their firm Resolution to maintain that strict Union and Friendship, which so happily subsist between me and those ancient and natural Allies of my Crown.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered Estimaces of the Expences of the ensuing Year to be prepared, and laid before you: And have no other Supplies to ask of you, but such as are re-quisite for those Services, and for making good such necessary Engagements as you are made acquainted with.

The Success which has attended your Firmness in reducing the interest of the national Debt will, I am confident, give you the greareft Satisfaction.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Experience I have had of your dutiful and (lead? Conduct makes it wholly unnecessary for me to prels upon you Unanimity and Dispatch in your Deliberations. But 1 cannot conclude without recommending to you, in the most earned Manner, to consider seriously of feme effectual Provisions to suppress those audacious Crimes of Robbery and Violence, which are now become so frequent, especially about this great Capital, and which have proceeded in a great measure from that profligate Spirit of Irreligion, Idleness, Gaming, and Extravagance, which has of.late extended itself, in an uncommon Degree, to the Dishonour of the Nation, and to the great Offence and Prejudice of the sober and4nduftrious Part of my People.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Add-on his Majesty, to return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; ?’ec' to express our full and due Sense of the Happiness we enjoy under his Majesty's wife and just Government, and our well grounded Confidence, chat his Majesty’s View’s are, and ever will be, directed to no other End than to secure and improve the present flourishing Condition of his Kingdoms: That the Regard, which his Majesty is pleased 10 Certify for the Advancement of our Trade and Manufactures, is a signai Instance cf his Majesty’s constant and universal Attention to the Welfare of his Subjects; and that it cannot but be Matter of the utmost Satisfaction to this House, that the Provisions made for that Purpose by this Parliament, in pursuance cf his Majesty's former most gracious Recommendations, have produced the desired Effect: And to a ffure his Majesty, that wc will readily concur in all such Measures as tend to 6 fecufefc

u-oogie

25 Geo. IL

iecure the inestimable Blessings of Peace to iib,by establishing more firmly the general Tranquillity in Europe: To condole with his Majesty upon the unfortunate Death of the Prince of Orange', but to express, at the same time, the greac Corfolation wt feel from the strong AftiiranceS given to his Majesty, on this Occasion, by the Scaies-Ge-neral of the United Provinces, which leave us no room to doubt of the Continuance of tbac II riff Union and Friend-ship, so eiTential to the Interests of both Countries: To promise his Majesty, that his faithful Commons will grant him such Supplies as may enable his Majesty to fulfil the Engagements, and may answer the several Services* which shall be found necessaty for the publick Good. To acknowlege his Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodness, in recommending to our Consideration the Mischiefs and Dif-honour which arile to this Nation from the audacious Crimes of Robbery and Violence, so notorious of late to all the World; and to assure his Majesty, that we will seriously proceed in the revising and enforcing such Laws as may contribute to suppress those Enormities, by discouraging Irreligion, Idleness, Gaming and Immorality* by promoting industry. and establishing good Order amongst his Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up ah Address, to be presented to his Majesty, Upon the said Refolucion:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord D'owne, Sir John Rufljout, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, the Master of the Roils, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Solli-citor General, Mr. Attornes’ General, Mr. Grenville, Sir. George Lyttelton, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Legge, Mr. West, Mr. Ellis, Lord Coke, Mr Secrerary at War, Dr. Lee, Mr. William Pitt, Mr. Celle ion. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Mof fyn, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Frederick, Sir Richard Llcyd. Mr. Walpole, Mr. Torke, Mr. Eliot, Mr Nugent., Mr. yenyns, Mr. Earle, Mr. Charles f'ownjhend, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Town-fend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Reynolds', or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately inco the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ponteftaft . Ordered. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wlit- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Fleming of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefratl, in the County of Yorkr in the room of the Lord Viscount Gallway, in the Kingdom of Ireland', deceased.

Bramber Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in thib present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Harry Gough Esquire, deceased.

Whitchurch Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for die Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room o(John Selwyn junior, Esquire, deceased.

Carmarthen Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the £lecting of a Burgess to serve in tins present Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen, in the County of Carmarthen, in the room of Thomas Mathews, Esquire, deceased.

Cloucester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ* the.Clerk of the Crown, to make ouc a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Gloucester in the room of John Selwyn Esquire, deceased.

feath* Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Vol. 26,

299

Electing of a Citizen to serve in this pfeierit Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Sbmerfet, in the room of Robert Henley Esquire, Whd, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Ornce of one of his Majesty’s Gounfel learned in thfe Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Old Sarum Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electitig of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts* in the room ol Paul Jodrell Esquire* deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Novembris;

Anno 25° Georgii IF1 Regis, r/jn P&AVErts.‘

RD E RED, That the Grand Corttmittee for Religiort Grand do fit every Tutjdaj in the Afternoon, in the Hotife. Committees.

Otdertdi That' the Grand Commictee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be appointed: of Privileges,

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Dupplin, Mfi Grenville, Mr. Talbot, Lord DoWne, Mr. West, Mr. Robin] on, the Earl of Egmont, Mr. Finch, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bathurst, Mrl Mellish, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Lyster, Sif Thomas Robinson, Mr. Finch, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Chetwyrid, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Compton, Mr*

Cocks, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Burrard, Sir Tbbnias Hales, Mr. Ellis.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Wrotlefley, Mr. Buller, Sir William Irby, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Wilkinson, K Mr. Colleton, Lord Hobart* Mr. Torke

Mr. Watson, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Charles Douglas, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Dowdejwell, Admiral Rowley, Mr. Eliot,

Admiral Knowles, Mr. Potter, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Morton, Mr. Pelham, Sir Henry Monro, Mr. Salusbury, Mr*

Bayntun Rqlt, Sir IVm, Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Newnham, Colonel Haldane, Sir Francis Poole, Mr*.

Vane, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pawlett, Mr. Carmichael, Mr* Richards, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Fairfax,

Mr. Nuge?U, Mr. John Willes, Mr. Locke, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Hill, Mr. JanJfen, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hardinge, Admiral Townsend, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Campbell, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Noel, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. North by, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Mr. Wort ley Montagu, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Edgcumbe, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Ne/bitt, Lord Trentham,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Bankes, Mr Owen,

Mr. Fillers, Dr. Lee, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Offley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Harvey, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Gulfton, Mr. Stuart, Sir Wm. 'Tonge, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Farrington, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Poore, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Williams, Admiral Bofcawen, Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Cox, General Onslow, Mr. Geo. Townshend,

Mr. Medlicot, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pollen, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Neale, Mr. Levejbn Gower, Mr. Bond\ Mr.

Wigley, Mr. Shirley, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. B. Hodgf kinjon, Mr. Watson, Colonel Bocland, Mr. Howard, Sir Duncan Campbell, Colonel Bofcawen,. Mr. Turner, Sir Bourcber Wrey, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Wilson,

Sir James Dashwood, Lord Gage, Lord Hiljborough, Mr*

Watson*

i 40 — i 50 Novetftbris.

Usual

Orders.

Boo

PPatfon, Lortf Strange, Mr. Do Jhtgith, Mr. Nassau, Lord Burleigh, Mh Rigby, Mr. Beaghan', Mr. Mqftyn, Mr. All fton. Lord Bury, Mr. John Yorke, General Oglethorpe, Mr. titnley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Curzon, Mf. Edward tVilles, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Orme, Mr. Trevanion, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Peachey, Sir Danvers OJbom, Sir Ken. Clayton, Mr. Bouverie, Sir John El-toill. Sir John Turner; And they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are recurned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or recurned a Member of this House, or endeavoured lb to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the Utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirediy, hath ehdeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

# Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this

A 1751.

House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and IV^stminster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Scfilon of Parliament, the Paflfages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and Open; and chat no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall^oT the Paflfages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be noAnnoy-ance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall. presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster-General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the rising of the House; and also on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster-General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going 10 Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do ap-

puial

15* Notembris.

25 Geo. II.

15° Novem.

3°*

point the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the Seventeenth Day of January next.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Parc, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

OxMiden’s A Petition of Sir George Oxenden Baronet, and George Name. Oxenden Esquire, his younger Son, was presented to the House, and read; -setting forth, That Sir BajtllDixwell, late of Broome, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent, Baronet, deceased, did, by his last Will and Tef-tament, bearing Date the 15th Day of February 1731-2, and by Two Codicils thereunto annexed, devise certain Estates and Effects toTruftecs therein named,their Heirs, Executor*, and Assigns, inTruft, for several Uses therein particularly limited; Remainder to his Sifter, Dorothy Reve Widow, during the remaining Term of her Widowhood; and afterward*, to such younger Son of the Petitioner, Sir George Oxenden, and the Heirs Male, for ever, of such Son, upon whom he the said Sir George should, within the Space of One Year next ensuing the Decease of the said Dorolby, settle an Estate of the Value directed by the said Will; and also upon Condition, that he should obtain, within the said Space of Time, an Act of Parliament for changing the Surname of such Son, and his Heirs, to Dixr well only; and for his and their taking and using the Family Coat of Arms, and Crcft, of the said Sir Bajtll Dix-'ivell only, for ever; and that the said Dorothy Reve is lately deceased, and died poil'efled of the said Premises; and the Petitioner, Sir George Oxenden> is willing to comply with the Directions of the said Will, in favour of the Petitioner, George Oxenden, who is his younger Son, and who is desirous that the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Dixwell only, should be established upon him and his Heirs for ever, in such Manner as is by the said Will appointed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Petitioner, George Oxenden, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Dixwell only.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to die Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Hardin°e, and Hear Admiral Bojcawen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

enjoy under your Majesty’s wile and just: Government, and our well grounded Confideflfcfv that your Majesty’s Views are, and ever will be, directed to no other End than to secure and improve the present flourishing Condition of your Kingdoms. The Regard your Majesty is pleased to certify for the Advancement of our Trade and Manufactures, as it is a signal Instance of your Majesty’s constant and universal Attention to the Welfare of your Subjects, demands our sincerest Acknow-legements. And it cannot but be Matter of the highest Satisfaction to us, that the Provisions made for char Purpose, by this Parliament, in pursuance of your Majesty’s most gracious Recommendation, have produced the desired Eflfcft.

We unfeignedly assure your Majesty, That we will readily concur in all such Measures as tend to secure the inestimable Blessings of Peace to us, by establishing more firmly the general Tranquillity in Europe.

Affected with the deepelt Concern, we condole with your Majesty on the unfortunate Event of the Death of the Prince of Orange; but, at the same Time, beg Leave to express the great Consolation we feel, from the strong Assurances given to your Majesty, on this Occasion, by the States General of the United Provinces; which Leave us no room to doubt of the Continuance of that strict Union and Friendship, so essential to the interests of both Countries.

Your faithful Commons, with the utmost Chearfulnels, promise to grant to your Majesty such Supplies as may enable your Majesty to fulfil the Engagements, and answer the several Services which shall be found necessary for the publick Good.

We cannot sufficiently acknowlege your Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodness, in recommending to our Consideration the Mischiefs and Dithonour which arise to this Nation, from the audacious Crimes, of Robbery and Violence so notorious of late to all the World; and we humbly assure your Majesty, That we will seriously proceed in revising and enforcing such Laws as may contribute to suppress those Enormities, by discouraging Irreligion, Idleness, Gaming, and Immorality, by promoting Industry, and establishing good Order, amongst your Majesty’s Subjects.

The said Address being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

Rejohed, Nemine contradicente> That an humble Ad- Address on dress be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Majesty upon the Increase of the Royal Family, by her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales having been happily delivered of a Princess.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council*

Address on The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, ap-

the King’s pointed Ycllcrday to draw up an Addrefe to be prefenced

fytttk to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Addrefe accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clcik’s Table: Where the Lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to return your Majesty our most hearty Thanks for your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Permit us, Sir, with Hearts full of Gratitude, to exprefe our lively and due Scnfe of the Happiness we Vol. 26.

Resolvedy Nemine contradicentey That a congratulatory Congratula-Mefiage be lent to her Royal Highness the Princess of tory Message Wales, upon this joyful Occasion. to the Princefs

Ordered, That the Lord George Cavendijhy Mr. Wat/on, ^e^fame Oc- Mr. Peregrine Pawletty Colonel Powletty Sir Henry Monroy cafcou.

Mr. Buttery Mr. Cooke, and Mr. Colleton, do attend her Royal Highness with the said Message.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to

both Houses of Parliament be taken into Confederation considered. To morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4H

3°

— i6°- — 18° —

Sabbati, 1 6° Novembris;

Anno 2 5° Georgii II. Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

Prefcming TR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Address rc- 1\I. Addreis of Yesterday (congratulating his Majesty ported* on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales having been happily delivered of a Princess) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty received the same very graciously.

Time ap- Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That pointed for his Majesty having been waited upon (pursuant to the dress.'10^ Order of Yesterday) humbly to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

princess of The Lord George Cavendish reported to the House, That Wales answer her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales had been attoAddrcfs, tended with the congratulatory MefTage of this House, on the Increase of the Royal Family, by her Royal Highness having been happily delivered of a Princess; ind that her Royal Highness was pleased to return this Answer:

Gentlemen,

I am much obliged to the House of Commons for this Mark of their Duty to the King, and of their Regard to me.

The Order of the Day being read;

The King’s The House proceeded to take into Consideration his fiJered.C°n" Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Supply. And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Rejoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidsr of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lut icey 18° die Novembris;

Anno 25® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

ChristChurch ORDERED That. Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of aBurgefs to serve in thisp'refentParliament for the Borough of Christ Church, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Charles ArmandRowlett, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, upon Saturday Answer to last, attended his Majesty with their Address; to which Addreis. j.js Majesty was plealed to give this most gracious An-Iwcr:

Gentlemen,

I thank you most heartily for this very affc6tionate

Address.

Nothing can give me so great Pleasure as to fee my People happy. It shall be my constant Care, as far as in me lies, to make them so.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

190 Novembris. 1751.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr,. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurred the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovr Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 190 die Novembris;

Anno 250 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1751*

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That some'ofxhe Com- Accounts of missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; prohibited They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

Nw. 1. An Account of prohibited Raft-India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses in St. Helens, in the Port oi London, at Michaelmas 1750; also what brought in since; what exported; and what remained at Michaelmas 1751: And also,

N°. 2. An Account of East India prohibited Goods remaining rn the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall and Fenchurch street, at Michaelmas 1750; what have since been brought in 5 what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1751: And alf>,

N°. 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1750; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1751: And also,

N°. 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports at Michaelmas 1750; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also whac remained at Michaelmas 1751: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at 5/.

Helens, Fen church-Street, Leadenhall-Street, and Custom-House, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1750, in order to be dyed, glazed, &c.; what has been returned; and what remained out of the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1751: And also,

N°. 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1750, to Michaelmas 1751: And also,;

N°. 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Ruftia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1750, to Michaelmas

l75l-

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers, of this Session.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt io his j)c^t

Majesty’s Prison in Stafford, in behalf of themselves, and Petk

all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Com- Sups mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Refoludon which the Committee had directed him to report to the I louse; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s

Ufeal Efti*

mates and Accotutts.

Aofwer to Addict.

Oxenden’*

Itone.

15 Geo. IL 190 —

m

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The kid Kefolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1752, with the Half Pay Officers of the Navy, be kid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1752, be laid before this House.

Crderedy That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 175 2, be aid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1752, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1752.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

' Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1751 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gracioufty pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Merctirii) 20° die Novembris;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

1V/T R. Comptroller reported to the House, that their JJV JL Address of Yesterday (That his Majesty would be gracioufty pleased to give Directions, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

v

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling George Oxenden Esquire, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Dixwell>

Vol. 26.

pursuant to the Will of Sir BaftllDixwell Baronet, deceased.

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the several Resolutions Complaint and Orders of the House, relating to the Honourable Mr‘

Alexander Murray Esquire, made upon the 6th Day of uir y’ February last, and contained in the Journal of the House of the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire, who, on the 6th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, was, for dangerous and seditious Practices, in Violation and Contempt of the Authoiicy and Privileges of this House, and of the Freedom of Elections, ordered by this House to be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty Ts Gaol of Newgate, and was also, at the same Time, ordered by this House to be brought to the Bar thereof, to receive his said Sentence there, upon his Knees; and, before the said Sentence was received by him, did, by a high and most dangerous Contempt in him, of the Authority and Privilege of this House, and by persisting in the fame, avoid the Execution of the said Sentence, during the Remainder of the said Session of Parliament, be now committed close Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate y for the said dangerous and seditious Practices, in Violation and Contempt of the Authority and Privileges of this House, and of the Freedom of Elections.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire, who, on the 6th Day cf February , in the last Session of Parliament, was, for dangerous and seditious Practices, in Violation and Contempt the Authority and Privileges of this House, and of the Freedom of Elections, ordered by this House to be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, and was also, at the same Time, ordered by this House to be brought to the Bar thereof, to receive his said Sentence there, upon his Knees; and, before the said Sentence was received by him, did, by a high and most dangerous Contempt in him, of the Authority and Privilege of this House, and by persisting in the fame, avoid the Execution of the kid Sentence, during the Remainder of the said Session of Parliament, be now committed close Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, for the said dangerous and seditious Practices, in Violation and Contempt of the Authority and Privileges of this House, and of the Freedom of Elections;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Resolved, That the said Alexander Murray do receive the said Sentence, for his now being committed close Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, at the Bar of this House, upon his Knees.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take the said Alexander Murray into his Custody, in order to his being brought to the Bar of this House, to receive the said Sentence.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a printed pjiv.«i . Pamphlet, intituled, " The same of the Hon. Alex. *

tc Murray Esquire, in an Appeal to the People of Great Britain, more particularly the Inhabitants of the City <c and Liberty of Westminster."

The said Pamphlet was brought up to the Table, and read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Pamphlet is an impudent, malicious, scandalous, and seditious Libel, falsly and most injuriously reflecting upon, and aspersing the Proceedings of, this House, and tending to create Mif-apprehensions of the fame, in the Minds of the People,.

for

304 20° — 210 — 2 iA. 11 $1.

to the Dishonour of this House, and in Violation of the Privilege thereof.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly to desire (his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to his Artorney General, to prosecute the Authors or Author, the Printers or Printer, and the Pub-lifliers or Publisher, of the said scandalous Libel, in order that they may be brought to condign Punishment for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most Honourable ftrivy Council.

ArmyEfti- Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, purfu-matcs‘ ant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1752: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1752. And the 'Pities of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned rill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 21° die Novembris;

Anno 25° Georgii ir" Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

fcflimate for TDESOLVED, That an humble Address be presented Ship-build- ‘Av to Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to ordered. give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House an E-ftimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year t752.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty. by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

Papers to be Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back

rciumed, to the Admiralty Office the several Papers containing the Minutes taken at and upon the Trials of Captain George Burrish, Captain Edmund Williams, Captain John Am-brft, Lieutenant Henry Page, Lieutenant Charles Davids,

Lieutenant William Griffith, Lieutenant Cornelius Smelt, Admiral Mathews, Admiral Lejlock, Captain Robert Pelt,

Captain William DUke, Captain Temple West, Captain George Sclater, Captain Thomas Cooper, and Captain James Lloyd, and all the Proceedings relating the reunto; which were presented to the House in the Months of March 1745, December 1746, and April 1747.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their AnfWert® Address of Yesterday (humbly to desire chat his Majesty Addref». will be graciously pleased to give Directions to his Attorney General to prosecute the Authors or Author, the Printers or Printer, and the Publishers or Publisher, of a scandalous Libel, intituled, €€ The same of the Hon.

" Alex. Murray Esquire, in an Appeal to the People of " Great Britain, more particularly the Inhabitants of the u City and Liberty of WestminsterJ* in order that they may be brought to condign Pumftiment for the fame), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vzneris, 2 2° die Novembris;

Anno 250 Georgii il,:i Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

Vf R. Comptroller reported to the House, That Anfaerto Juv JL their Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty AJdrck.* would be graciously pleased to give Directions that ths Estimate, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been prefenced to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Barrington (from the Commissioners for exe-

curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) ghip-buili-prefemed to the House* pursuant to their Address to his ings. Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rcbuiidings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, at his Majesty’s several Yards, lor the Year 1752, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

N»'»

Vol. 26. 41 Ordered,

Navy-Office, 7 AN Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, RebuiTdings, and R'epairs of his Majesty's Ships, at his Majesty’s several Yards, for the Year 1752, 20th November, 1751,5 over and above what arc proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

Place where.

Deptford

Woolwich

Chatham

SKeerness

Portsmouth

Plymouth

Guns.

80

60

50

IOO

80

60

5°

90

90

70

70

60

ICO

90

70

T

60

Ships Names.

Cambridge Medway -Preston -Royal Anne Norfolk -Dunkirk -Falmouth

Nature of the Repair.

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Time when to be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand

Completed.

Charge of their

For preparing the Frame of a new Ship of 60 Guns, in the room of the Rippon

February, 1753 June, 1754 June, 1754 October, 1754 August, 1754 May, 1753 June, 1752

Namure Union

Prince Frederick Revenge -Montague -Britannia -Neptune -Chichester -

Building Building -Great Repair -Great Repair Building -Building -Building -Building -

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand To prepare the Frame In Hand -In Hand -

Uncertain Uncertain February next February next Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Hulls, Mads, and Yards.

For preparing the Frame of a new Ship of Fifty Guns, in the room of the Chatham Magnanime - - I Great Repair - - I In Hand - - I December, 1753

Fork - - - I Building - - - [ In Hand - - - May, 1753

For preparing the Frame of anew Ship of 60 Guns, in the room of the Pembroke; to be let up after > the Weymouth is launched. .....j

ABSTRACT.

Total -

9,269

3> 368 3, >07

9.000

3.000 6,500

6,876

1.000

8.000

8.000 900 900

2,900

3.000

5.000

9.000

1.000

9.000

7.000

1.000

97,82a

For the Hulls of the Ships Rigging and Stores

Ringing and Stores.

4/213

3.574

2,640

10,427

TOTAL.

9,269

3>36*

3»107

9.000

3.000 6,500

11,089

1.000

8.000 8,oco 4.474

.3.540

2,900

3.000 5,000 9,000

1.000

9.000

7.000

1.000

108,247

97,820

10,427

Viz. The Sum of One hundred and Eight thousand Two hundred and Forty-seven Pounds*

Total - 108,247

Savage Mojlyn, Dan. Devert,

Jof Allin} Will Corbett.

a

U1

'SUqtUMOtf 9ZX, ’II 03D

3 o 6 22 ° — 2 50 N A. 1751.

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be pmifed by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read 5

The House rcfblvcd itself into a Committee of the whole Houfo, roconsiderof the Supply grimed to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refused the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, that they had come to ftverai R dotations; which they had directed #iim to reporr, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report^ be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the TJoule, That,he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit 3gain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , House, to consider, further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 250 die Novembris;

Anno 2j° Georgii lldi Regis, 1751. Prayers.

MR. Earle presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to his Majesty) Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1752, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth j viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1752.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office; comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

Pay of Engineers, Mahon, Gibraltar, and North Britain -

Civil Officers, I St. John's, Ferry land. Car bonier e, trinity Harbour, and Arcificers,[ and Placentia, in Newfoundland at,) Annapolis Royal

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 1,135 Men, Officers included, for Service of South and North Britain, and the Garrisons at Mahon, Gibraltar, St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, Trinity Ida hour, Placentia, and Annapolis Royal, for 355 Days Establishment of an Academy at Woolwich for the Instruction of the Artillery People, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants 30 April and 18 November 1 741 -

Establishmenc of the Laboratory at Woolwich - -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several Expeditions, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced, for 355 Days

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and repairing Storehouses, and sup-plyingStores at

Gibraltar

Mahon

) Annapolis Royal iPlacentia

St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour, in Newfoundland

Towards repairing the Officers and Soldiers Barracks at Gibraltar -

Towards erecting a new Fort at Ardetfeer Point, near Inverness Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks, in Scotland - -

Towards building and repairing^ Sheerness and Gillingham the Fortifications at \ Portsmouth and Gosport

Towards rebuilding the Barracks at Tilbury Fort To complete the Barrack and necessary Break-waters at Languard Fort

EXCEEDINGS for which no Allowance has been made by Parliament 1751.

Tents, Camp NecdTaries, and intrenching Tools, sent to Dublin to replace the like Number issued out of his Majesty *s Stores in Ireland to Colonel Peregrine Lascelles's Regiment of Foot upon its Embarkation for Nova Scotia; as also Tents delivered to the several Regiments doing Duty in North Britain, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants 14 February 1750, and 10 September 1751 Arms delivered to Lieutenant-General Hujkds Regiment of Welsh Fuzileers, in lieu of the like Number cast: away at Caitbness, and to Lord Robert Manners Regiment of Foot serving at Gibraltar, in lieu of the like Number worn out and unfit for Service, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants 6 March 1750, and 9 August 1751

f. s. d.

38,835 7 6 2,817 10 o

2,048 11 3

h3S9 12 6

30,396 17 6

1,000 o o

867 s

2,620 11 8

3,000 0 0

2,500 0 0

3,000 0 0

2,000 0 0

3,000 0 0

5,000 0 0

994 3 3

512 16 6

s.

d.

79>945 *5 5

18,500 o o

10.000 o O

1.500 o o

1.500 o O

4.000 o o

2.000 o O 1,71° 9 3

Bedding

Ordnance

Estimate.

as Geo. II.

25° Novem.

Bedding lent for the Use of the Three Regiments of Foot in Scotia, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant 20 March 1750

Savings, arising from Vacancies of the Ports of Matter General, Secretary, Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Master General and Chief Engineer, amounting to the Sum of 2,426/. 12 64. and which remains uniOfued to this Office of the Sum granted for Service of the Year 1751.

J. L. , A. Wtlkin/on.

Charles Frederick, J. S. Charlton.

W. R. Earle,

3°7

£. s. d. L- s. d.

4,256 19 0 s>ih 18

9

i- 124,920 3 5

Army Estimates withdrawn and others prelected.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Notice being taken, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1752; and also the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 17525 which were presented to the House upon Thursday last, were not, as to the Number of Days, drawn agreeable to the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use 5

Ordered, That the said Estimates be withdrawn, in order to the presenting of other Estimates, agreeable to the said Act.

And the said Estimates being withdrawn 5 Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House accordingly,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1752: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar > for the Year 1752. And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth 5 viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain,

for the Year 1752.

First Troop of Guards Second Ditto Horse - 1 First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

'First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto Third Ditto

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Earl of Rothes's Dragoons. Lieutenant General Bland's Sir Robert Rich's Major General Cholmondeley's Sir John Cope's Sir John Mordaunt's -Lord Mark Kerr's

First Regiment of Foot Guards

Coldstream Ditto Third Ditto

Colonel Howard's Regiment Colonel Rich's Lieutenant General Guise's Lieutenant General Wolfes Colonel Bocland's Lieutenant General Skelton's Lieutenant General Pulteney's Colonel Herbert's Lord Viscount Bury's Lieutenant General Hujke's Earl of Ancram's

Foot -

Invalids.

K Colonel War dour's Regiment I 25 Independent Companies

Numbers. Pay of the Troops and Regiments for 355 Days.

L s. d.

- 181 - - - 16,874 6 8

- l8l - - - 16,874 6 8

- 177 - - - 10,573 1 8

- 17 6 - - - 10,448 16 8

" 337 1,052 26,139 16 8

- 426 - - " 20,956 16 8

285 - - - i4.273 x9 2

- 285 - 14.273 19 2

- 285 - - - »4.273 19 2

- 285 " 14.273 19 2

- 285 14.273 19 2

- 285 - - - 14.273 l9 2

- 285 " " " 14,273 19 2

- 285 - - - 14,273 19 2

- 2S5 - - - 14,273 19

- 285 3>276 14.273

_ 1,641 - - - 43,869 a 6

- i>°5+ - - - 28,518 6 8

_ 1,054 - - - 28,571 11 8

_ 815 - - - 14,800 IO IO

815 - - - 14,800 IO IO

815 - - - 14,800 IO IO

8.5 - - - 14,800 10 10

815 - - - 14,800 IO IO

_ 815 - - - 14,800 10 IO

_ »«5 - 14,800 IO IO

_ 815 - - - 14,800 IO IO

m 815 - - - 14,800 IO IO

m 815 - - - . 14,800 IO IO

- 815 - - " 14,800 IO IO

12,714

5*5 - - - 9 >63S5 1°

- 1.300 1.815 21,965 12 6

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

80,910 8 4

163,696 8 4

VOL. 26.

.263,765 o o

31,600 18 4 General

5° Novemb

St. IvesWrit.

Oxenden’s

Name.

308

A.

l75*-

General and Staff Officers Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account - - - - £ s. d. 15*561 12 11 36,114 16 6£ 19,452 a 0 £ s. d. 71,128 u 51

Total 18,857 611,101 6

War-Office, lid November, 1751.

H. Fox.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1752.

In the Plantations.

Colonel Duroure's Regiment -

Colonel Cornwallis's -

Colonel War bur ton's

Colonel Trelawny's -

Four Companies at New York -One Company at Bermudas -

One Company in the Island of Providence Three Companies at £0#/^ Carolina

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, CW0, Placentia, and *S7. ftfei’s -

At Minorca.

Colonel Holmes's Regiment - -

Lieutenant General Johnson's - -

Colonel Conway's -

Colonel Dejean's -

Officers of the Garrison, 6>V. - -

At Gibraltar.

Lord Georg* Beauclerk's Regiment - - 1 -

Lieutenant General Campbell's - -

Colonel Leighton's -

Lord Robert Manners's -

Officers of the Garrison, £s?c. - -

Provisions for Colonel Cornwallis's Regiment at Afaw <SV0/w and Newfoundland, deducting 4^. out

of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence; remains to be borne by the Government - -

Provisions for Colonel Warburion's Regiment at Nova Scotia - -

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence

Total

War-Office,

22d November 1751.

Numbers. . Pay of the Regiments, &c. for 355 Days- TOTAL.

£ * jC- '

394 - - 9,481 9 2

815 - - 14,810 10 10

815 - - 14,800 10 10

733 - ~ 14,960 5 10

445 - - 6,946 3 4

58 - " 1,020 12 6

150 - - 2,399 4 2

345 5,671 2 6 70,07919 2

3>75

- - - . - 2.-7 91 '9 7

815 14,800 IO IO - f’

815 - - 14,800 10 10 -

8.5 - 14,800 10 10

»<5 - 14,800 10 10

_ /*_ 59,202 3 4

3,200

5-7‘i 3

815 i4, Sco 10 10

8,5 - - 14,800 10 10

815 0 0 0 0

815 - - 14,800 10 10

a m r a 59,202 3 4

3,200

3,646 17 8£

- - 2,76112 5

- - 2,76112 5

- - - - 23.342 9 7

- 443 »5 0 29309 9 5

- io»275 £ 229943 13 9i

H. Fox.

Ordered, That the said *Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Plumptre Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for enabling George Oxenden Esquire* and his Heirs, to use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Dtxwell,

pursuant to the Will of Sir Bafill Dixwell Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardingo, Mr. Salufoury, Mr. Clevland\ Mr. Finch, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Cclebrooke, Mr. ‘Turner, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Eliot, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Coke, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Morton, Mr. Thornton, Lord Barrington, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Thomas Ro-binfon, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Drake, Mr, Townshend, Mr. Bud gen, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bayntun 4 /M,

Geo. II. 25° — 26a Novembris.

309

Rolt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sy- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, denham, Mr. AUgood, Mr. Fane, Col. Bojcawen, Sir Charles That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per

Kemys Fynte, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hale, Ad- Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand

tniral Fownjhend, Mr. Hunter? Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Wilkin- Men for Twelve Months and Nineteen Days, including

Jon, Mr. EUis, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Rowney, Mr. the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Falbot, Sir Lowther, Col. Clayton, Mr. Beagban, The First Reiblution of the Committee being read a

Mr. Mr. Alderman janffen, Commodore Michell, Second time*

Mr. PrflJjy, Mr. Fay lor, Mr. Medlicot, Sir Hen. Mar- A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Jballt Mr. Robinson; and all the Members who serve for the said Resolution be re-committed; the Counties of A>/7/, and the Cinque Ports: And It passed in the Negative.

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock Then the said Resolution was* upon the Question put in the Speaker's Chamber. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Resolution of the Committee, being read a Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, Petition. Majesty's Prison ac Morpeth, in behalf of themselves, and agreed to by the House.

all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this RJolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; com- next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholeHouse, plaining of their Distrcis, and praying Reiief. to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* granted to his Majesty.

Ways and Means.

Cirencester, A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, kc. Road, and other Persons living in and near the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Towns of Minchin-bampton, and Stroud, in the said County; also that Parc of Rodborcugb-bill leading to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading through Stratton Fields, towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of the Gulpb Hill; all in the said County; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Roads, by reason of the Soil thereof, and the many heavy Carriages frequently pasting through the fame, are become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are impassable for Waggons and Carriages, and also for Horlcs loaden, and great Part of it is dangerous for Travellers; and therefore (in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be amended, un-Jess some other Provisions be made for that Purpose) Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Mr Rowney, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Sydenham, Mr, Mundy, Mr. Alderman Janffen, Mr. West, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Bayntun Role, Sir Charles Kemys Fynte, Mr. Fbomton, Mr. Robin-Jon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Wiikinjon, Mr. Prowje, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyster, Lord Burleigh, Col. Bocland, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Vyner, Col. Holmes, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Bristow, Mr. French ard, Lord Diipplin, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ellis, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Frank-land, Mr. Eliot, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Egmont, Mr. Nor. Berkeley, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fownjhend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, Somerset, and South Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply. Mr. Charlton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are as followech viz.

RJolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1752, beginning the First: of January 1752. Vol. 26.

The Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, being Complaint called upon to give an Account of what had been done in against Mr. Execution of the Order of the House of Wednesday last, Murray, for taking into his Custody the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire;

The Deputy of the said Serjeant at Arms, to whom the said Order was delivered, acquainted the House, That diligent Search had been made after the said Mr. Murray, but that he could not be found.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be gracioufty pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation, for apprehending the said Alexander Murray, with a Prd-mise of a Reward for the same

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, mikin] 98-

Tellers for the Noes, ] 26.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this Houseasare of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die Novembris.

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answ«r to Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be Address. gracioufty pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation for apprehending the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire, with a Promise of a Reward for the fame) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he is pleased to give immediate Orders for the issuing of such Proclamation as is desired by this House.

His Majesty’s Proclamation, issued in pursuance of the said Address, is as followeth.

By the KIN G.

A PROCLAMATION.

For apprehending and securing the Person of the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS, by a Resolution of the House of Commons, made the Twentieth Day of November instant, it was resolved. That the Honourable Alexander Murray Esquire, who, on the Sixth Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, was, for dangerous and seditious Practices, in Violation and Contempt of the Authority

4K and

s

armin/Icr, , RobJ.

310

26° Novembris.

75

nmiPiivi!

tges of the House of Commons, and of the Freedom of Elections, ordered by the said House to be committed close Prisoner to Our Gaol of Newgate, and was also at the same time ordered by the said House to be brought to tire Bar thereof, to receive his said Sentence there upon his Knees; and, before the Sentence was received by him. did, by a high and most dangerous Con

_____ '. - - - c - in many Parra

4 ----- »*«.i 1 \jw that Carriages

t , b ’V l"v ",‘,c> avwl. c"c txec"* "nnot Pass each o^er without great Inconvenience and

non or the ft id Sentence, during the Remainder of the Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinal fiid Session of Parliament; should be then committed fnnr/- j l y

the County of Somerset, being the great publick Highway leading from the City of Sarum, and from Rumjey, Southhampton, Portsmouth, and other Towns in the Counties of Hants and Wilts, to the said City of Bath, and the High Road leading from the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, to Beckington, in the said County;

c__________ are become very ruinous and founderous in many Parts

tempt in him of the Authority and Privilege of the said thereof, and in many Places so narrow that Carriages

House and by perfilting in the fame, avoid the Execu- cannot r»r. — ~‘u~ ^convenience and

J . , by the ordinary

_ m>m nuaua V.

..... ~..... Course appointed by the Laws for repairing the High-

dose Prisoner to Our Gaol of Newgate for the said dan- ways of this Kingdom, be effectually amende

-----» '* J' ~ ~..... and kept in good Repair; and further setting I

the Road from Midford Bridge to the Parting or Separating of the Bristol from the Bath Road, being Two Miles* or thereabout, and Kpinor P*- -u~ ~c~ r "

..... p _. . V. aan* ways of this Kingdom, be eftftulily'a^?d'‘wicfex

gerous am leditious Prad.ces, in Violation and Contempt and kept in good Repair; and further fectin* forth X or the Authority and Privilege of the said House, and the -L- - - ‘

Freedom of Elections: And whereas, upon the said Twentieth Day of November, it was further resolved.

That the said Alexander Murray should receive the said Sentence for his then being committed close Prisoner to Our Gaol of Newgate at the Bar of the said House, upon his Knees: And whereas the said Alexander Murray hath absconded; and, notwithstanding diligent Search hath been made for him, he cannot be found:

4 - - ----- j hiiu iiv/iii ujc jam

And whereas an humble Address hath been prelenced to Town of Frome to Beckington aforesaid, together with Us by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Com- the said Road from Midford Bridge to the Panin0 c.

-/r._____r__ c i-. — -----1 i>----- ~ - -

u ----- — - -*- »ii/iu«iu Evuaa rrom

Warminster to Bath (directed to be repaired by a former Act) is ftiil in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads torn the Town of Warminster to the City of Bath, and from the said

TV*. &----- — n ,‘ "

missioners for Shires and Burghs, in Parliament assembled. That We would be graciously pleased to issue Our Royal Proclamation for apprehending the I'M Alexander Murray, with a Promise of a Reward for the fame: We have thought fit, by the Advice of Our Privy Council, to issue this Oar Royal Proclamation, hereby requiring and commanding ail Our loving Subjects whatsoever to discover and apprehend, or cause the said Alexander Murray to be discovered and apprehended, and to carry him before some of Our Justices of the Peace, or chief Magistrates, of the County, Town, or Place, where he shall be apprehended; who are respectively required to secure the said Alexander Murray so apprehended, and thereof to give speedy Notice to One of Our principal Secretaries of State, to the end he may be forth-coming to be dealt withal, and proceeded against, according to Law; and for the Prevention of the Elc3pe of the said Alexander Murray into Parts beyond the Seas, We do require and command all Our Officers of the Customs, and other Our Officers and Subjects, of and in Our respective Ports and maritime Towns and Places within Our Kingdom of Great Britain, chat they and every of them, in their respective Places and Stations, be careful and diligent in the Examination of ail Persons that shall pass, or endeavour to pass beyond the Seas; and, if they shall discover the said Alexander Murray, then to cause him ro be apprehended and secured, and to give Notice thereof as aforesaid: And We do hereby ftriftiy charge and command all Our loving Subjects, as they will answer the contrary at their Perils, that they do not anyways conceal, but do diicover him the said Alexander Murray, to the end he may be secured; and, for the En-

Midford Bridge to the Pariing or Separating of the Bristol from the Bath Road as aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House ffial! seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Prowje, Mr. Batburjl, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Strange, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Egmont, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Darner,

Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Beckford, Col. Acourt, Mr. Sydenham,

Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hob-lyn, Mr. Chetwynd\ Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Tracy, Mr. JVilkinJon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Anjon, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Proby, Sir Richard IVrottesley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sandys, General Campbell, Mr. Neale, Mr. Powney, Mr. West, Mr. Popham, Mr. Townjhtnd, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Duncan Campbell,

Col. Bojcawen, Mr Morton, Mr. Saunders', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Some Jet, Wilts, Southampton, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto rittenfor subsci ibed, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parlia- Road, ment, One passed in the Thirteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other paired in the Eighth

couragemenc of all Persons ro be diligent and careful in endeavouring to discover and apprehend the said Alexander MurrayJN edohereby further declare, that whosoeverlhail discover and apprehend him the said Alexander Murray, and shall bring him before some Justice of the Peace, or chief iMagistrate, as aforesaid, shall have and receive, as a Reward for the Discovery, apprehending, and bringing him the said Alexander Murray before such Justice of the Peace, or chief Magistrate, as aforesaid, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; which Our Commissioners of Our Treasury are

hereby required and directed to pay accordingly.

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Twenty-sixth part of which conillts ot very lteep tuns, cnac arc emeny

Day of November 1751, in the Twenty-fifth Year Clay, and not to be kept in Repair but by paving Pebble

ronfru/awc. and the Materials proper for such Repairs

Day of Our

Reign.

GOD save the King.

Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenjor and the most northern Parc of Talk upon the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford, being the Poll Road from the City of London to same of the Northern Parcs of this Kingdom, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have laid out and employed all the Monies collected by the Tolls and Duties thereby granted in repairing the said Highways; but that the said Road, being upwards of Thirteen measured Miles, One Third-part of which consists of very steep Hills, chat are chiefly Clay, and not to be kept in Repair but by paving PebH-Cauleways; and the Materials proper for such Rep a

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, and principal Freeholders, of the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was prefenced to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in

j-> — —

being very dillant, and thereby very expen five, the Money

raised by such Tolls and Duties has not been fufBcient to

repair the fame; but the said Trustees have been obliged

to borrow the Sum of Five hundred and Fifty Pounds,

which is now due and owing on the Credit of the said

Acts; which, together with the Money collected for the said Tolls, hath been duly applied, according to the Di

j q

redtions

25 Geo. II. 26° — 27'® . i i t

reftions of the said Act; and that the subsisting Term granted and continued by the said Acts is very near expiring: And therefore, to the end the said Road maybe effectually mended and kept in good Repair, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Acts for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall fceyn meec.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Butler,t Mr. Saluf-bury, Mr. Popham, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Neale, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Rowtiey, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Ttentham, Mr. Gajhry, Dr. Lee, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gray, Sir John Cud, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Ljjler, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Beckford, Lord Egmont, Mr. Morton, Mr. Anson, Mr. Charles Townjend, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Proby, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. //*//, Mr. Richard Lev. Gower, Sir Bourchier Wray, Lord Gw. Cz-vendish, Mr. G^r*, Sir Robert de Cornwall, Mr.

JVW. Berkeley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Luke Robinson, Mr. West, Sir Dun. Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Col. Bojcawen, Mr. fVilles, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Henley, General Campbell, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Wm, Irby, Mr. Medlicot; Lord Parker, Col. Leighton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Br. Crtdock Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Cradock, of Saint w preach on John's College in Cambridge, be dclired to preach before January 30th. |qoufc at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Thursday the Thirtieth Day of January next: And that Mr. Proby, and the Lord Burghley, do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 die Novembris;

Anno 25° Georgii IIdi Kegis, 1751.

Prayers.

Wrotham A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Heath, ice. d\. other Inhabitants, that live near the great Road Road. leading from Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road is the great Road from the South Eall Parts of the said County towards London, and is much ufea and frequented, and would be much more so if it was a good Road 5 but that so much of the said Road as lies between the Royal Oak, on Wrotbam Heath, and the Village of Foots Cray, is very bad and founderous, and is so extreme narrow, that, in many Places, two Carriages cannot pass by one another (for a great way together) and in some Places a Horse cannot pass by a Carriage; and that the Work to be performed by Law, by the Parishes through which the said Road passes, is not sufficient to amend and widen the said Road: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Vo l. 26.

And it is referred to Mr. Glanville, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Banks, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Coke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Beagban;

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Bojcawen,

Mr. Lejlie, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Garth, Mr. Drake,

Mr. Farringdon, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Evelyn, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Proby, Mr. Stuart, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ockenden,

Mr. Northey, Mr. Cocks, Sir Roger Twifden, Mr. Gray;

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Neale, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Hunter, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Townshend\ Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wilies, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Budgen, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Robinson,

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr Moreton, Sir Richard Wrot-tejley, Mr. Rowney, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Bold, Sir Henry Marshall, Lord Egmont, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

Bayntun, Lord Dupplin; and all the Members who serve. for the Counties of Kent, Surry, Sussex, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Lee and John Antonie Esquires, Master of chief Clerk to inroll Pleas in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Kin^s Bencti Bench, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the M^ddlcsex. Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act or the publick registring of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills* and other Incumbrances which shall be made of* or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1709), the sworn Clerk to execute the Office of Inrolment in the High Court of Chancery, who is appointed to inroll for the County of Middlesex, the chief Clerk to inroll Pleas in the Queen’s Bench, the Clerk of the Warrants in the Court of Common Pleas, and the Queen’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, are appointed Registers or Mailers of the Office for the Inrolment of

Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances in Manner and Form as mentioned in the said Act: and < that the Signing of Judgments, Inrolling of Deeds, and other Business transacted in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, is under the Inspection and Management of the Secondary or Deputy of the Petitioners, called the Mailer of the King’s Bench Office, who might more properly have executed the said Office of One of the Registers, or Mailers, for the Purposes mentioned in the aforesaid Act, had Authority been thereby given to the Secondary or Deputy of the Petitioners, called the Mailer of the King’s Bench Office, to have executed the fame, as is by the said Act given to the King’s Remembrancer’s Deputy in the Court of Exchequer: And therefore praying. That L«ave may be given to bring in a Bill for appointing the Mailer of the King’s Bench Office One of the Registers for the Inrolment of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners may be discharged therefrom.

The House was moved, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Appointment of the said Registers might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That I-^ave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sollicitor-General and the Lord Dupplin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar> for the Year 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

312 2'7° — 2 8°

Ordered, That the Eftiimte of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1752, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved irfclf into the said Committee.

Mr? Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisj 28° die

Anno 25° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1751.

Prayers*

Shepherd* A Petition of the Trustees appointed for putting in

Shord, Sec. Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Se-^oads* cond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing the Highways between Shepherds Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hilly in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was present ed to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, several Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted for repairing the aforesaid Highways, and several considerable Sums of Money were borrowed on the Credit of the same Act; and that by the aforesaid Act, passed in the Second Year of his said present Majesty’s Reign, it was enacted, That, from and after the 12th Day of May 1729, the said former Act should cease and determine; and several new Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were thereby granted for repairing the aforesaid Highways 5 and that the Trustees, by the same Act appointed, are thereby directed, out of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue Thereof, to pay the Monies which were lent on the Credit of the said former Act, and then remaining due; which Act of the Second of his present Majesty was to continue in Force for the Space of Twenty-seven Years, from the said 12th Day of May 1729, and no longer; and further setting forth, That the Tolls collected and received by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, have been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions thereof 5 and great Progress hath been made in amending the said Highways; but that the Petitioners have not been able, out of the Income arising by the Tolls and Duties granted by the last mentioned Act (which Income is now become very small) to make such Repairs, and also to pay all the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said several Acts of Parliament; but that the Sum of One thousand and Two hundred Pounds, and upwards, which was borrowed on the Credit of the said several Acts of Parliament, now remains justly due and owing to the Persons who lent the fame, or their Representatives; and that the same Highways cannot be effectually repaired, and kept amended, and that the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, and now remaining due, cannot be repaid, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said last-mention^d Act, be further

Novembris. 175 r.

continued and enlarged, and the said Act be made more effectual: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in for further continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the last mentioned Act, and for making the same more effectual, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, Thac the said Petition be referred to the Corsideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay, Mr.

West, Mr. Farringtony Mr. Salujhury. Sir Richard Wrot* tefley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Belchiery Mr. Med-Booty Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Irene hard, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cust, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Neale, Mr. Anson, Admiral*

Knowles, Mr. Talbot, Admiral Bofcawen, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sydenham, General Campbell,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Co). Bofcawm, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole,1 Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Tracy, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gray, Sir fVrn. Calvert, Mr.

Palmer, Col. Abercrombie, Mr. Leftie, Lord Bateman,

Mr. Conolly, Mr. Locke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkinson,

Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Butler, Mr. Erfkiney Mr. Turner,

Mr. Glanville, Col. Clayton, Sir John Hinds Cotton, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Hill, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Hunter,

Mr. Matkay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Pop//am, Mr. Lev.

Gower, Sir Roger New digate, Sir Thomas Bootle, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Willes, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Charles Town-fend. Lord Egmont; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, to whom Cirenceaer, the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and &c

other Persons, living in and near the Road leading from Roa<1, Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Towns of Minchin-bamptoti, and Stroud, in the said County, also that Part of Rodborough-hill leading to Dudbridge, and also the Road leading through Stratton Field, towards Bifley, so far as the Bottom of the Gulpb Hill, all in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To pfove the Allegations of the said Petition, Charles Cox Esquire informed your Committee, Thac he knew all the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are about Eighteen Miles long, and so bad in the Winter, that they are absolutely impassable for Waggons and Wheel Carriages; and in some Parts of them, Travellers on Horlc-back cannot go above Two Miles an Hour:

That the Road leading through Stratton Field, towards Bifley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, is, he believes, impassable for Wheel Carriages, at all Times of the Year:

That the Parishes through which the said Roads lead are unable to repair the same by the ordinary Course of Law: \

John Bltffe Esquire confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Cox; and added further, That if the Road were properly repaired, it would be much frequented.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough-hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill,.all in the County of Gloucester; and that Mr. Bathurst, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Navy Efti-executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great ware, and Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- Ab?rft,

dress preeu

Supply.

25 Geo. 1L 2 8° Novembris. 313

dress to his Majesty, The ordihaty Eftirriate of his Ma- The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers Navy jesty’s Navy for the Year 1752, confiding of 353 Days; of this Session; and the Abstrad thereof is as follow- Ejttmate

And the Title of the said Estimate was read. eth; viz. Abstraa.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Edimate of the Navy* for the Year 1752;

1.

2.

3-

4- '

5*

6.

7*

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

14.

*5-

> Yards.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Indruments, and Contingei Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions and other Allowances Chatham -

Deptford -

Woolwich - -

IPortfmouth -

Sheerness -

Plymouth - -

Multer-mader and other Officers of the Out Ports -Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary.

Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein -Charge of the Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Buildings, &c.

Half-pay to Sea Officers -

relating thereto -

15.272 14 9

4.157 7 2.

3.344 3 10

3.048 4 3

2,444 12 0

4,170 13 7

i.758 13 8

2,435 0 0

Wharfs,

Total of the ordinary Edimate of the Navy for the Year 1752

To which may be added;

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, there being now Eleven hundred Men maintained in the said Hospital; and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the Buildings and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1752, confiding of 355 Days - -

I- i. d.

32,936- 9 3

19,43° 1 11

17,201 i 4

2,723 0 6

41,472 h 3

l8,l64 3 4

28,733 0 0

63,711 0 0

53,346 *9 10

277,718 16 5

9,699 9 o

287,418 5 5

And then the Total of the ordinary Edimate of the Navy for the Year 1752, confiding of 355 Days, amounts to Two hundred Eighty-seven thousand Four hundred and Eighteen Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Charlton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1752.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Eleven thousand One hundred and One Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty for defraying the Charge of the Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1752.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-nine thousand Nine hundred Forty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1752.

Vol. 26.

Savage Mojlyn, Edward Falkingham,

JR. OJborn, Dan. Devert,

Jof Allin, Will. Corbett.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Nineteen thousand One hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1752.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordr^nce for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-commitced;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The lubfcquent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Qycftioil severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

c

4L

29° Novembris — 'l* — 3° Decembris. A. 1751.

314

Verier is,29" Novembris;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1751.

P-R AVERS,

v h nPHE Lord Dupplin prefenred to the House* accord-

Office* ing£0 Order, a Bill for appointing the Matter of the Regiiier of King’s Bench Office one of the Registers or Matters for the Middlesex. Ihrolment of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of the Chief Clerk, td inroltPleas in the King’s Bench: And the famfe was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ways and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Means. whole House, to consider bf Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refbmed the Chair.

Mr. CharlioH reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refoltition, which they had directed him to report, when the House will plfcafe to feceivfe the fame.

Ofrdertd, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Mottdfy Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

The Order Of the Day being read, for the Hoiffe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1752, consisting of 355 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eltimatc of the Charge, of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, at his Majesty’s several Yards, for the Year 1752, over and above whit are proposed to be done on the f|ead of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Corrimifctee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton cook the Chair of the Corrimittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mdrrow Mprning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to moVe, chat they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 30 die Decembris;

Anno" 25° Georgii II‘,i Regis, 1751.

Supply.

Lunde, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

P RAVERS.

Ways and A/YR. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Means. JlVA Committee of the whole Hdufe, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways And Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, Which by an Act of Parliament,of the 24th Year of his Majesty’s Reign* have Continuance to the 24th Day of tune 1752, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and kll Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and ?erry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1752, to the 24th Day of June 17 33.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the fexchequer, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville> Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

0*endea’$ Mr. Uardinge reported from the Committee, to whom Na»e. the Bill for enabling George Oxenden Esquire, and his Heirs,

to use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Dixwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Bafill Dixwell Baronet, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of<*he Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Bigge, from Carlifl* the Commissioners and Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, ' at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act,

Copy ©Fthe First Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of John Twedded Gentleman, Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, so far as the same relates to or concerns that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Northumberland: And also.

Copies of the several Orders, Contrafts, and Agreements* made by the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for making, and keeping in Repair* a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, so far as the same relates to or concerns that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Cumberland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

1

The House being informed, That Mr. Seddon, from the WellminPer Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Bridge. Thames, from the City of Westminster 3 to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to liberal Acts of Parliament,

10 A State

Supply Bill; Milt Duties,

Oxenden’s

Nunc.

Army; Mutiny and De-; fertion.

Master of King’s Bench Office to be Register of Middlesex.

Wrotham Heath, Sec. Rjjad.

25 Geo. II. 30 — 4 Decembris.313

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for publick Road at present; but that if it was amended, building Westminster Bridge, from the 14th December 1750, would be much more frequented; and in many Places it is to the 19th November 1731, inclusive: And also, so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass by each other;

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for and in some Places so narrow, that a Horse cannot pals by building Westminster Bridge, from the 25th December 1750, a Carriage;

to the 29th September 1751. That the Inhabitants have performed their Statute-work

And then he withdrew. upon the said Road, which has been found insufficient to

And the Tides of the Books containing the said State repair the fame, and Accounts were read. Mr. John Pratt, and Mr. Veter Farney, confirmed the

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to above Evidence, be perused by the Members of the House. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

The said Books are preserved amongsttJie other Papers repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wro-of this Session. tham Heathy in the County of Kent, to the Village of Foots

Cray, in the said County; And that Mr. Glanville, and Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Or- Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, der, A Bill for continuingand granting to his Majesty certain

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply,

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two: Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

And the same was received; and read the First time. to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to

report to the House; which he read in his Place; and An ingrossed Bill, for enabling George Oxenden Esquire, afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the and his Heirs, to use the Surname, Arms, and Crest of same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Dixwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Bafill Dixwell Baro- Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

net,deceased, was read the Third time. That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Seventy-

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, seven thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen Pounds Six-An Act for enabling George Oxenden Esquire, and his teen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty,

Heirs, to use the Surname, Arms, and Crest of Dixwel foMhe Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea

pursuant to the Will of Sir Ba/tll Dixwell Baronet, de- Officers for the Year 1752, consisting of355 Days, ceased. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Six hundred Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and Ninety-nine Pounds Nine Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become dement of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. crepit in the Service of their Country.

Secretary at War, and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and Resolved, Thar, it is the Opinion Of this Committee,

bring in, the fame. That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds,

be granted to hk Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-A Bill for ’appointing the Master of the King’s Bench buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, for the Office one of the Registers or Matters for the Inrolment Year 1752.

of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of the Chief Clerk, to time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, inroll rleasin the King’s Bench, was read a Second time. agreed to by the House.

Rejohed, Thar the Bill be committed to Lord Dapplin,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ellis, Mr. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Alderman Baker, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Barrington, Mr. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lyster, Mr. West, Mr. Gybbcn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Darner, __________7

Mr. Talbot, Col. Stanwix, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Bathnrjl, Sir

Francis Poole, Dr. Lee, Sir John Cnjt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mercurii, 4.0 die Decembris I

Gray, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Willey, Mr. Sa-

lujlury, Sir Roger Nudigate, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Anno 25° Georgii IId Regis, 175c

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kent, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Burrell, Prayers.

Mr. Scmdys, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Lord A BILL for continuing and granting to his Majesty Supply Bill;

Strange, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Walpole, Mr. certain Duties upon Male, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, MaltDutics’

Charles Gore, Mr. Finch. Mr Montagu, Mr. Hill, Mr. for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Neale, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Rcwncy, Mr. Wittes, Lord Har- and Fifty-two, was read a Second time. ley, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bankes, Admiral Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Vernon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Nioyston, Mr. Henley, Mr. Townjend; and all the Mem- of the whole House.

bers who ferwe for the County of Middlesex; and all the Rejohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Afternoon at Five of cheClock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ^pon the said Bill.

Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee, to whom A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wantage, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Wantage, in the County of Berks, was presented to the &c. Roads, other Inhabitants, that live near the great Road leading House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town of from Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Ci- Wantage is a very ancient Market Town, situate in the tics of London and Westminster, was referred; That the Middle of a rich and fertile Vale, in which great Quan- . Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; tities of Corn, Butter, and Cheese, are annually produced, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to which used so be disposed of chiefly in the said Market; them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; but that of late Years, through the excessive Badnels of and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Roads leading to the said Town, and the Difficulty of the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. bringing Waggons to the fame, the Market is very much

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; reduced, to the great Inconvenience of the said Town, and'

Mr. Nicholas Christmas said, That he was well acquainted all the adjacent Country; and that, in particular, the Road with the Road mentioned in the Petition; that it is a very leading from thence to Wallingford, in the said County,

Vol. 26. being

Wantage, \c. KoaJs.

Ditto.

16 4° — 50 Decem A. 1751.

being the high London Road from Wantage, and also the Road leading from thence to Farringdon, in the said County, are in many Places become so entirely ruinous and decayed, that they cannot be fuftkiently repaired by the Laws now in being, so as to render them safe for Paf-lengers, or even pafiable for Carriages, during a great Part of the Winter Season: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration; and make such Provision for repairing and amendingjthe laid Roads, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Assist-anrs, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Borough of Wallingford is a very ancient Borough, commodiously situated for Trade, on the Banks of the River Thames, and was formerly a very flourishing Town, with Two good Markets for Corn and Provisions every Week, to the great Advantage of the said Borough, and all the Country round about it; but that, by reason of theexceflive Badnels of the Roads leading to the said Borough, the same is of late Years fallen into great Decay, their Markets almost ruined, and their Trade entirely at a Stand; and that, in particular, the Road leading from thence to Wantage, and so on to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, is in many Parts become so deep and founderous, that for several Months in the Year it is very dangerous for Horsemen, and entirely impafiable for Carriages, and cannot be Jfofficiently repaired by any Laws now in being; and that the said Road lies through an exceeding rich and fertile Vale, in which great Quantities of Corn, Cheese, and Butter, are anndaily produced; but for want of being able to draw the same to Market in the Winter, the Farmers are very frequently impoverished, and rendered incapable to pay their Rents; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that in case the Roads above-mentioned were sufficiently repaired and amended, and thereby a Communication opened between the said Vale and the River of Thames, it would not only be an inconceivable Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants of the said Vale, but also be a Means of supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Malt, Meal, Cheese, and Butter, and other Provisions, at a much cheaper Rate than they can be supplied at present: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and make such Provision for repairing and amending the said Roads, as the House shall fee meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed an Application is making to Parliament, for repairing the Road -from Wallingford, through Wantage, to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, which the Petitioners conceive would be a Work not only of great Advantage to the Towns through which the said Road pafies, and the Property of many private Persons, but of evident Utility to the Publick; and that many of the Petitioners are Inhabitants or Proprietors of the Vale of Berkshire; and that the same is an exceeding rich and fertile Vale, of great Extent both as to Length and Breadth, and producing annually immense Quantities of Corn, Butter, and Cheese, which, for want of good Roads and Markets, are rendered almost useless to the Publick; and that the Farms are thereby impoverished, and the Farmers very frequently ruined; but that the Petitioners apprehend, in case a good Road be made through the Vale, and an easy Communication opened to the River of Thames, and the Cities of London and Westminster, ic must necessarily be productive of good Effects, not only to the Vale of Berkshire, but many other Parts of the Kingdom: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the House will make such Provision for repairing and amending the said Roads, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the

Matters thereof, and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

And they are referred to Mr. Powney, Mr. Stuart, Mr.

Tonfcn, Mi*. Hardinge, Mr. Drake, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ky-naftGn, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cust, Sir John Rufhout, Mr.

Fellow es, Mr. West, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Sa~ lufbury, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Popham. Lord Strange, Mr. Gray, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Carmichael\

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Turner, Sir John Act ley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Bayntun Rolt, Lord Dupplin, Lord Middlesex, Sir Charles M or daunt, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Hill, Mr. Charlton, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr.. Bouverie, Mr. Bury, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Neale, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Mr. Affleck,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Howard, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Taylor,

Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Saunders, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Gafbry,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Morton, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Mellish; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways and whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Means, raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they rnay have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Decembris;

Anno 250 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord- Army; Mu-.

ing to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and De- tiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their ^rtlon* Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second^time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Alemouth, of the County of Northumberland, whole Names are there- &c. Road, unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Alemouth, to the Town of Alnwick, and from thence to Lemington Coal Houses, and along Edlingham Dikes, to the Town of Roth-bury, and from thence to Coldrife, and by Ewefley Gate, to Cambo and Wallington, and from thence by Kirkharle and Little Bavington, to Colwell, Chollerton, and Wall, to the Town of Hexham, in the said County of Northumberland, is a common high Road, and is become fodeep and ruinous, and in several Places so narrow, that it is almost impafiable ' for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, and dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback; and cannot be widened, and sufficiently repaired, and kept in Repair, for the

25 Geo. II.

Debtors

Petition.

i;0 Decembrh.

3*7

Shephards Shord, &*c. Road*.

the Accommodation of Travellers, bnlefs some Provition be made for raising Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for erecting One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying a Toll at the fame; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be widened, amended, and kept in Repair: And further praying, That Leave may be given to make, and keep in Repair, a Branch from some convenient Parr, of the said Road, between Alnwick and Rotbbury, ro a Place called Jockey’s Dike Bridge; which said Branch is a much frequented Road, and is ruinous, and frequently impassable* OrderedThat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the Houfr.

And it is referred to Mr. Allgoody Lord Harley, Sir John Cujly Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mel/ijhy Mr. Fonereauy Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Ker, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wil~ kinjon, Mr. Lyfiery Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Popbanty Mr. Carmichael, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Morton, Mr. MountagUy Mr. Drake} Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Palmer, Mr. West, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whit-worthy Lord Dufplin, Mr. Hilly Mr. Nealey Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nor they y Mr. Lam bey Mr. Willes, Mr. Earley Mr. Vynery Sir Duncan Campbelly Sir IVm. Placket, Mr. Hale, Mr. Gore, Mr. Watson, Lord Egmont, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cray, Mr. Tracy, Colonel Ac our t, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Saunders', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Westmorland, Cumberland, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Pive of die Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty's Prison of the King’s Bench, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read $ complaining of their Distress, and praying for Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trusteees appointed for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, paired in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for the moreefRrdtual repairing the Highways between Shephards Shord and Hotfiey Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, whose N jres are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the C jmmittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; a.id had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

An Act passed in the Second Yearofhis present Majesty’s Reign was read 5 which recites, That, by an Act passed in the T welfth Year of Queen Anne, several Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted for repairing the Highways mentioned in the Petition; and that several Sums of Money were borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act.

And by the said Act of the Second Year of his present Majesty (which was to be in Force for the Space of 27 Years, from the 12th of May 1729) it is enacted, That, from the Commencement of the said Act, the former Act of Queen Anne should determine; and several new Tolls, Duties, and Powers, are granted for repairing the said Highways; and rheTrustees are impowered, out of the Tolls granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of the Second Act, to pay such S,um$ as were lent on the Credit of the Act of the Twelfth of Queen Anne: Then,

Mr. Daniel Wilder, Clerk to the Trustees for repairing the said Road, produced to your Committee aBook of Accounts of the several Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls granted by the Act of the Second of his present Ma-Vol. 26.

jesty, from the Commencement thereof to the present Time; by which it appeared, that all the Money had been applied according to the Directions of the Act.

And to shew that the Produce thereof had deerfeased considerably of late, the total Accounts of the Receipts for the last 16 Years was read, as follows;

From the 12th of May 1735, to 12th May 1736 -

From 12th May 1736, to 12th May 1737 From 12th May 1737, to 12th May 1738 139 From 12th May 1738, to 12th May 1739 From 12th May 1739, to 10 May 1740 205 From 10 May 1740, to 2d June 1741 From 2d June 1741, to 12 May 1742 From ill May 1742, to 7 May 1743 -

From 7th May 1743, to 5 May 1744 -

From 5th May 1744, to 11 May 1745 -

From 1 ith May 1745, to 10th May 1746 From 10th May 1746, to 9th May 1747 From 12th May1747, to 12th May 1748 From 14 May 1748, td 6th May 1749 -

From 6th May 1749, to,5th May 1750 -

/From 5 May 1750, to May 1751 -

And the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, the 13th of May 1751, appeared to be 24/. 8 s.

1 od*

Then the Agents for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, an Account of all the Money due upon Mortgage, on the Credit of the said Tolls, and also an Account of the Interest due thereon, as follows;

/. j. d.

/. s. d.

204 11 8

206 i 1

139 6 it

203 10 10

205 to 5

211 16 2

182 3 6

197 4 3

189 3 of

146 6 4r

192 8 0

i5o 3 8£

10 3 9 1

8 3 17 3

80 13 10

78 9 6

I s. d.

To Mrs. Grubb’s Executors 600 o o Interest thereon, (com November

1746, to November 1751 - 156 6 c

To Mr. Dyke's Executors - 100 o o Interest thereon from April 1747

to October 1751 - - 22 10 o

15°

To Widow White - - 100

Interest thereon, from November 1746 to November 1751 - 25

122 16 0

o o

o o

To Mr. Brathwaite - - 50

Interest thereon, from November 1744 to November 1751 - 15

-----125

To Mr. Nicholas -Interest thereon, from November 1747 to November 1751

5°

10

To Mr. Robert Tuck - - 100

Interest thereon, from November 1747 to November 17 51 - 20

65 o o

60

120 o o

To Mrs. Webb - - -'50

Interest thereon, from November 1746 to November 1751 - 12

O o

10

62 16 o

So that the total Debt is £. 1,305 o o

Then Mr. Wadham Lock informed your Committee, That agreatProgress hath been made in amending the said Road, and that a new Road down Beacon Hill, which is very fteepi was made last Year:

That between Three and Four Miles of the said Road leads over the Downs, and Two Miles thereof through Lanes, the Soil whereof is a deep and wafliy Sand:

That the Road leads through the Parishes of Hedding-ton, Bramham, and Part of Came Parishj which Parishes are burthened with several other Roads, and unable to repair this by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Wilder being further examined, confirmed thd Evidence of Mr. Lock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue and make more effectual an Act passed in the 4 M Second

Ways and Means.

Wantage, Sec, Roads.

318 50 — 6° Decetn. 1751.

Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Shephards Shord and Horftey Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hilly in the County of Wilts* and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent: -And that the Lord Dtipplin, Mr. Willey, Mr. John Montagu, and Mr. Neale, do prepare, and bring in, the ifame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place,; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of one Year, from the 25th Day of March 1752, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Efta:cs, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Ber-wick-upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Ceft, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Mr. Rowney,

[Mr. Thornton: y

Tellers for the Noes, {SfcSSfe.. } 5»-

So it passed in the Negative: v Then the said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill -be brought in, pursuant to the £»id Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Decetnbris; Anno 250 Georgii Ilai Regis, 1751. Prayers.

examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Blackftcne, as to the Badness of the Road from Wallingford to Wantage \ and further said, That the Road from Wantage to har-ringden is in many Parts so deep and founderous, that it is dangerous for Horsemen, and impalJable for Carriages, in the Winter Season; and cannot be sufficiencly repaired by the Laws now in being.

The said Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Price, and Mr. Bigg, being further severally examined, said, That the Roads from Wallingford, through Wantage to Farringdon, lie through an exceeding rich and fertile Vale, in which great Quantities of Corn, Cheese, and Butter, are annually produced; but for want of being able to draw the same to Market in the Winter, the Farmers are very frequently impoverished, and rendered incapable to pay their Rents; and, by the excessive Badness of the Roads, the Borough of Walling-ford, and the Town of Wantage, are of late Years fallen into great Decay, and their Markets almost ruined; the Tolls at Wallingford being fallen from 70/. a Year to 24/. a Year, and at Wantage from 40/. a Year to 10 s. a Year; and their Trade is entirely at a stand.

The said Witnesses further said. That in case die Roads above-mentioned were sufficiencly repaired and amended, and thereby a Communication opened between the said Vale and the River Thames, it would not only be a great Advantage to the Borough of Wallingford, and the Town of Wantage, and the Inhabitants of the said Vale, bwc also be a Means of supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Malt, Meal, Cheese, Butter, and other Provisions, at a much cheaper Rate than they can be supplied at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, fgr repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, through Wantage to Farringdon, in the said County:

And that Mr. Powney, and Mr. Tonfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, within the Space of one Year, from the Twenty-fifch Day of March 1752:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bathurst presented to the House, according to CircncelH Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of dcciRwd.

Qirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rod-borough-Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Biftey, so far as the Bottom of GulpbHill,all in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1

1

MR. Powney reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wantage, in the County of Berks; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Assistants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks', and also the Petition of the Gernfemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Berks; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the Tame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

1 William Blackstone Esquire, being examined, said. That he, in Ottobtr last, did travel through the Road from Wal-liKgfotd aforesaid to the said Town of Wantage, in order to take a View of the fame; and although there had been but little Rain, yet in many Parts thereof the same was so deep and founderous, that it was dangerous for Horse-ftnen, and entirely impassable for Carriages; and cannot be sufficiently repaired by the Laws now in being.

Mr. John Price, and Mr. Thomas Bigg, being severally

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the Array; better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read Muuny tod a Second time. e ert,on'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debtors County Gaol in Salop, in behalf of themfel ves, and all other Petition. Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Supply Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Malt Duticj the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- . Ordered,


)W

, P'

25 Geo. IL — 90 Decembris. 316

Ordered, That it be an Instru&ioh to the said CoYn-mittee, That they have Power to receive d Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instru&iort to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to di-rest that the Deficiency which shall be oh the 25th Day of March 1752 of the Income of the Duties bn Malt, granted for the Year 175°* to satisfy PViriciptd and filtered charged thereupon, be made good but of the Supplies for the Year 1752.

Then the House refblved itself into the said Cotti* mictee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Chmmiccee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That tins House will, upon Wednesday Morii*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 90 die Decembris;

Anno 2 50 Georgii II" Regis, 1751.

Prayers:

Supply Bill; A for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a

Land Tax. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain within the

Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1752, was read a Second time.

Refolvtd\ That the Bill be committed.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Returns of The Clerk of the House, being called upon to inform

Amounts re- the House, whether Returns had been made to the Orders of this House of the 20th Day of March, in the last Section nwcom- of Parliament, whereby the Accounts of the total Amount puted. of the Sums of Money annually assessed upon every Parish, Township, or extra-parochial Place, in England and Wales, towards the Relief of the Poor, from Easter 1747 to Easter 1750, together with Accounts of the Number of Workhouses, established for the Employment or Relief of the Poor, were ordered to be transmitted to the Clerk of this House, acquainted the House, That several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks did not make Returns to the said Orders.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who did not comply with the said Orders, do forthwith require, prepare, and transmic to the Clerk of this House, such Accounts.

Ordered, That the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Liberties, in England and Wales, do, at their next General or Quarter Sessions, give proper Directions for requiring, preparing, and transmitting to the Clerk of this House, such of the said Accounts as shall not then appear to have been transmitted to him.

Supply B IT; Mr. Charltony according to Order, reported from the Male Duties. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had

Vol. 26.

made to the Bill, anti which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tb by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed*

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, And Freeholders; Morpeth,fee. of the County of Northumberland whole Names are there-unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read $ setting forth, That the Rbad leading from Long Horftey Bar or Gate, on the Port Road near the Town of Morv petby by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, in the said County of Northumberland, is a common High Road towards that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and greatly frequented by Travellers; and; by reason of the many Carriages passing thereon, is become so deep and ruinous, that Carriages and Horses cannot pass in the Winter Season without great Danger and Loss of Time; nor can the said Road be effectu&lly amended, arid kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways bf this. Kingdom, unless some Provipon be made for raising Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Ohfc or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying a Toll thereat $ and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be amended, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of a Committee *. And that they dt> fexamirie the Matter thereof; and report the fame, &s it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir IVm. Middleton', Mr. Allgoody Mr. Mellijhy Sir Conyeri D'Arty, Mr. Walpoley Lord Downe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham3 Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Fazakerlty, Mr. Wation, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Willey, Mr. Cooke, Mh Palmer, Mh Gray, Mr.

Bury, Mr. Pye, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Charltony Mr. Mitchell,

Sir Wm. Blacket, Colonel Stanwix, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Lambe, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Delme, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Hilly Mr. Gore, Mr. Barney Mr. Sandys, Mr. Eliot, Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Fellowes, Mh Colleton, Mr.

Medlicoty ftAx.Newnham, Mr. Ker, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr.

Hor. Walpole junior, Colonel Holmes, Sir B. Wrey, Mr. B. Hodgskinjon, Sir Wm. B Proflor, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr.

Glanville, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Mc Kenfie, Sir Edward Hawke i and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Westmorland, Cumberland, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Morpeth to of the County of Northumberland, whose Names are Sting Crofi thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Roa<* read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mit/ord, Throppk,

Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sling Croft, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, is a common High Road towards the West of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and greatly frequented by Travellers, and Droves of Cattle and Sheep; and by reason'of the Deep-ness of the Soil, and the many Carriages passing thereon, is become so deep and ruinous, that Carriages and Horses cannot pass in the Winter Season without great Loss of Time; nor can the said Road be effectudly amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, unless some Provision be made for raising Money to be applied for th^t Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may given to bring in a Bill for erecting One oi* more Timi*

pike

320 p° — 10° Dece1751.

pike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and levying a Toll thereat; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be amended, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Middleton, Lord Downe, Mr. Allgoody Mr. Charlton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Nezvn-ham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lyjier, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Wm. Blacket, Mr. Coxe, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ker, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Tracy, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Locke, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Neale, Mr. FazakerLy, Mr. Willey, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. GaJhry, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Hill, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Delme, Sir B. Wrey, Mr. Pye, Mr. Bury, Mr. Palmer, Mr Lambe, Sir Wm. B. Pro It or, Mr. Watjcn, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Conyers D1Arcy, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Medlicot, Colonel Bofcawen, Colonel Holmes, Sir H m. Irby, Mr Banks, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Glanville, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Kevfie, Mr. #///, Mr,

Robinjtn; and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, Westmorland, and North Britain: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-. cords.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Petition. Majesty’s Prison Newgate, Newcastle upon Tyne, in behalf oi themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House; and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751. 'Prayers.

Woollen A PETITION of several Persons, \vh9fe Names are trade. thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves,

and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worlted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Cam-‘ blets, Callimancoes, Stuffs/and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; ‘fetting forth, That there are great Quantities of Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, made and manufactured in the said Town and Parish, which are fold and disposed of in most Parts of Great Britain, and exported to divers Places beyond the Sea9, whereby great Numbers of Families are main-stained and supported, and great Benefit and Advantage has accrued to the Nation in general; and that, for the -Working and Making up of the several Sorts of Woollen Goods above-mentioned, the Petitioners are obliged to purchase great Quantities of Fleece Wool of the Growth of divers Parts of this Kingdom; and that for several Years past % pernicious Practice has prevailed among the Wool Growers, laying upon the Fleece excessive Quantities of Pitch, Tar, or other marking Stuff, and a deceitful Method of wrapping up and winding within several of the fleeces of Wool, sold to the Petitioners, not only Pieces of coarse and unmerchantable Wool, but also GotsyDirt, and other Refuse, greatly tending to the manifest Loss of the Wool Buyers and Manufacturers, the Difreputation and Debasement of the Manufactures, and Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom; and that several 4 1

Laws &nd Statutes ihaVe formerly been made for the true Winding of Wool, but that some of them are become oblblete, and the rest of them, by reason of the Small-ness of the Penalties thereby inflicted, are ineffectual to prevent the fraudulent Winding and pernicious Practices afore-mentioned: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for. amending and rendering more effectual the Laws now.in being for the due Winding of Wool, and for preventing the pernicious Practice of laying on the Fleece excessive Quantities of marking Stuff; or to give such Relief to the Petitioners, in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftapiers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Go.ods, in the Town and Parish of Ilallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That within the said Town and Parish of Hallifax, are manufactured large Quantities of Shalloons, Serges, Everlaftings, Callimancoes, Kerfeys, Long Ells, Stuffs, and other Woollens, by which not only Numbers of Families acquire a comfortable Maintenance, but, by the Exportation of such Goods beyond the Seas, die Nation in general is greatly advantaged and enriched; at)d that, in making the several Goods above, such of the Petitioners as are Manufacturers con fume Fleece Wool of the Growth of several Parts of this Kingdom; and that, of lace Years, the Growers of Wool have laid upon the Fleece excessive Quantities of Pitch, Tar, or other marking Stuff, whereby not only the Weight is greatly increased, but the Wool receives great Damage; and that it hath also been a Practice among them, to wind up within the Fleece not only Wool of different Sons and inferior Quality, buc also Dirt, Dung, and other Refuse, to the great Detriment of the Manufacturers and of their Manufactures; and alleging. That the fraudulent Winding of Wool is a Crime of ancient Date, and although the Wisdom of former Parliaments hath enacted several Laws and Statutes to prevent it, particularly that made in the 23d Year of King Henry the Eighth, yet most of them are become obsolete, and the rest not effectual to prevent the above bad Practices: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and enact in such manner as to the House shall seem most likely to prevent and hinder the said Frauds and Abuses, and to extend and encourage thereby the Woollen Manufactory, so highly advantageous to these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And they are referred to Lord Downe, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gore, Lord Strange, Mr. Robinson, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Kent, Mr. Wilkinjon, Dr. Lee, Mr. Vyner, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hill, Mr. West, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Prowje, General Oglethorpe, Sir John Cust, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Neale, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Reynolds, Colonel Layton, Mr. Proby, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Towns-end. Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Leftie, Mr. Medli-cott, Mr.. Grenville, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Lock,

Mr. Carmichael, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Willes, Mr. Turner, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Charles Gore, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Henry Finch, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Ker, Mr. Walpole]xiv\qv, Mr. Edward Montague. Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Grey, Mr. Cooke, Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Farrington, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. B. Hodgkinfon, Lord Harley, Mr. Anson, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Walpole senior, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Egmont, Mr. Hale, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Budgen, Sir Edward Hawke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition

Woollen

Trade.

Leeds to Hallifax Road,

Ditto.

25 Geo. IL To6 Decembris* j i 1

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution so much of art Act of Parliament (intituled, An Act for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Hefty, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Hallifax, in the same Riding) as relates to the surveying* ordering, amending* and keeping in Repair* that Part of the said Road which lieth between the said Towns of Leeds and Hallifax aforesaid, whose Names are thereuntofubferibed, was presented to the House, and read* setting forth, That by the said Act several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable for repairing and widening such Parts of the said Roads as lie between the l ow ns of Leeds and Hdlltfax aforesaid, to take Place, and have Continuance, from and after the I ath Day of May 1741, for the Term of Twenty-one Years; and that the Petitioners, and several other Persons, in the said Act named, were appointed Trustees for putting so much of the said Act in Execution as relates to the surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in Re*-pair, that Parc of the said Roads which lies between the said Towns of Leeds and Hallifax aforesaid; and the said Trustees were thereby authorized and impowered to fee up One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, across, or on the Side of the said Road lying between the said Towns of Leeds and Hallifax, provided that no Toil-gate or T urn pike should be erected upon or across any Fart of the said Roads, within Three Miles of any or the Streets of Bradford and Hallifax aforesaid; and divers other Powers and Authorities were granted to, and vetted in, the Petitioners, and the other Trustees, in the said Act named, for effecting and carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act; and that the Petitioners, in order to put the said Act in Execution, did cause several Turnpikes or Toll-gates to be erected upon and across the said Roads, in the most convenient Places, being above Three Miles distant from the said several Towns ot Bradford and Hallifax; and farther, by Virtue, and under Authority, of the said Act, and on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, borrowed, and took up, at interest, the^Sum of Thirteen hundred Pounds; and did apply the said principal Sum of Thirteen hundred Pounds, and also so much of the said Tolls and Duties as remained and exceeded after Payment of the Interest of the said Sum of Thirteen hundred Pounds, in repairing and widening the said Roads; whereby a considerable Part of the said Roads is very much repaired; but that in regard the Petitioners have not, by virtue of the said Act, any Power or Authority to set up any Gate or T urnpike, upon any Pan of the said Roads, being within the Distance of Three Miles from either of the said Towns of Bradford and Halifax% a great Parr of the Passengers and others travelling the said Roads have, by that Means, evaded the Gateiafid Turnpikes set up by the Petitioners, and have avoided the Payment of the several Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act; whereby the greatest Parc of the said Tolls and Duties, which otherwise might have been collected, have been loft; and the good Purposes intended by the said Act are, in a great Measure defeated; so that the greacer Parr of the said Roads between the said Towns of Leeds and Hallifax remains in a ruinous Condition, very dangerous for Travellers, and, in the Winter Season, almost impassable; and alleging. That the Petitioners are convinced that it will be impossible to complete the Repairs of the said Road, and keep the same in Repair, and pay off* the Sum borrowed as aforesaid, unless the Term and Powers given by the said Act be enlarged and the Tolls and Duties thereby granted be augmented: And therefore praying, Thar Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and encreasing the Tolli and Duties thereby granted, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, principal Tracjefmw, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing

Vol. 26.

in and near the Towns of Leeds, Bradford, and Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read, reciting Part of the said Act made in the 14th Year of his present Majesty* and setting forth. That by virtue thereof several Turnpikes were erected in that Part of the Road which lies between Leeds and Hallifax aforesaid* for the collecting of the Tolls and Duties by the said Act granted; which Tolls and Duties have been employed in the Amending and Repairing of the said Road, whereby the same hath, in many Parts thereof, been much amended; but that thfc Gorilfnlffi oners appointed by thb said Act Being restrained from erecting any Gate or Turn-pike, withift Three Miles of any of the Streets of Bradford and Halltfdx aforesaid (except on the Bowling Branch) a great Part of the Travellers and others, patting along the said Roads, have thereby avoided the said Gates andl urn-pikes efefted by the said Commissioners; and by these means, the greatest Part of the Tolls, which might have been collected upon that Part of the said Road, have been loft; and thereby, and by reason that the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act are too fmatl, and not sufficient to complete the Repairs of the said Road, the good Purpose9 of the said Act, in a good measure, have been defeated, and the greater Fart of the said Road between Leeds and Hallifax remains in a most ruinous Condition, and very dangerous for Travellers, and, in the Winter Season* almost impaifable; and alleging, That the Petitioners art* convinced, that it will be impossible to complete the Repair of the said Road, and keep the same in Repair, unless the Term and Foweisgiven by the said Act be enlarged* and the Tolls and Duties thereby granted be augmented:

And therefore praying, That Leave may bz given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and encreasing the Toils and Duties thereby granted, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and chat they do"examine the Matters thereof, and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, co the House.

And they are referred to Lord Downe, Mr. Frankland,

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyficr, Mr.

Wilkin fort, Mr. Proby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Salujlury, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Finch, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Walpole, General Oglethorpe, Mr. ToWnJheiid, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir John Cujl,

Sir IVm Blacket, Sir Francis Drake* Lord Robert Bertie,

Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Book,

Mr. PrOwfe, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Gray, Mr. Reynolds, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Sartdys, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Talbol> Mr.

Bafhufft, Slf Thoms Hales, Mr. V'ejl, Mr. Cooke, Lord Dupplirt, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Bayntun Rolf, Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Page, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hill, Mr. HarJinge, Mr.

Bud gen, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Egmont, Mr.

Walpole ]uv\or, Mr. Hay, Mr. Selwyn\ and all the Members wh6 serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Wgflmorland, Lancaster, and Cumberland:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, ill the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for PeYfons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to Marferof whom the Bill for appointing the Master of the King’s King’s Bench Bench Office, one of the Registers or Mastersfor the In- Office to be rolment of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of the Chief Ml " c ex' Clerk, to inroll Pleas in the King’s Bench, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made frverai Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at che Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read 4 N throughout

Cirencester, Sec. Roads.

Supply Bill; Male Duties.

Alemouth, See. Road.


32a 10° — ii0 Detem 17 5 i

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feveraJly put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Cir&n-cester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough-bill which leads to Dudbridge, and also the Road leading from Cirencester, towards BiJJey, so far as the Bottom of Gulpb Hilly all in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bathurfiy Mr. Allgoody Mr. KynaJlony Mr. Mundy, Mr. Westy Mr. Gray, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Thorntoriy Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Alderman JanJfen, Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. Hunter, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Bankes, Sir Charles Kem. Tyntey Sir Jo#/* Custy Mr. Edgecumbey Mr. Gybbony Mr. Pronfey Mr. Morton, Mr. Saunders, Mr. C00&?, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Hay, Mr. Charlton, Colonel 2?cc£-landy Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Medlicoty Mr. Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Fe!lowesy Lord Strangey Lord HillJborough, Mr. Paimery Commodore Michelly Mr.

Gcr<?, Mr. Grenville, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. &?r, Colonel Griffiny Colonel Hclmesy Sir Beauchamp Pro5lory Mr. Gcr*, Colonel A court. Admiral Vernony Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel Leighton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gfl?. TowvJhendy Mr. Reynolds, Colonel Abercrombiey Mr. Selwyny Mr. Turner, Mr. Martin, Mr. Thwy, Mr. Fanshaw, General Oglethorpe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Glducester, Oxford, Somerset, and £00/6 Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, M um, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and/ Fifty-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lfcrds, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Allgood reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentiemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. Richard Bland\ and Mr. Thomas Taylor, severally said, That they are acquainted with all the Roads mentioned in the Petition; that they are very bad, and in several Places so narrow, that a Horse cannot pass by a Carriage, and that although the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said Roads lead have performed their Statute Work, in repairing the fame, yet 'they are at present almost impassable, and cannot be repaired without the Assistance of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouthy to the Town of Alnwicky and by Lemington Coal-houses, and along Edlingham Dikesy to the Town of Rotbbury, and from thence to Coldrife, and by Ewejley Gate, to Cambo and IVallington, and by Kirkharley and Little Bavingtony to Colwelly Chollertony and Wall, to the Town of Hexham, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rotbbury, to Jockey*s Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland: And that Mr. Allgoody Sir William Middiet on, and Sir Walter Blackett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Lin- Debtor* coin Castle, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners Petition, for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and jDcfertioiu Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee/

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, n° die Decembrts \

Anno 25* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1751*

Prayers.

MR. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their Sarplufles, Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses stated at Lady-day 1751; and also,

Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 1751.

And the Titles of the said Surpluses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth: viz.

ABSTRACT

o

K>

O

ABSTRACT of the said SuhPlusseI, dated at Lady^dap 17$:.

g

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

cS

rT

69

CO

H

ft

The EXCHEQUER to the Sinking-Fond

c > d.

6461 t

>*.S34 O}

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1751* viz. Surplus-of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. I. -Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 2. Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 3.

To Monies granted out of the Supplies 1751, for the Purposes following, per Act 240 Geo. 2^, Page 1,073 and 1,074; 'viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Stamp Duties at Christmas 1749 - -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas 1750 -

To replace to thh Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to answer a Year’s Interest, due at Michaelmas 1750, after the Rate of 3 /. \os. per Cent per Annum, on the principal Sum of a Million lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year 1745 - - - 35,000 O o

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to

make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer *750 - 4,592 16 9

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, at Lady day 1750 - - 7*886 17 1

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1750 ... 30,422 6 3

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Rates and Duties upon Houset,

Windows and Lights, at Michaelmas 1750 - 70,097 14 8

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency at Michaelmas 1750, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported into this Kingdom fiacc the ill Day of March 1747 - - 42,55912 7}

Df

308,306 13 21,6^0 5

201,252 14

d.

9l

3

6i

7i

*09.54* »o 6

740.788 4 ij

Per Contra....

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at ChriJIma, 1750. being after the Rate of j/. Cent, on the principal Sum of 600,000l. lent On Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1736, purliunt to the Ado0 Geo. aJI, Paee 402, in

that Behalf ....

Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Lady-day 1751, being after the Rate of 31. per Cent, on the principal Sum of 300,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, parfuant to the Act 11° Georgii 2di, Page 642, in

that Behalf....

By the Ulher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying the aforesaid Annuities - . - , . , -

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Christmas 1750, being after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent, on the principal Sum of 800,009/. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 150 Georgii, adi. Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf ~ -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eaglandt for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to answer Half a Year’s Interest due at Lady-day 1751, being after the Rate of 4/. and 3$ per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 3,072,472/. or. 10d. the Amount of the Navy, Transpom, and Victualling Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed for Annuities, chargeable on this Fund, pursuant to the Act 220 Georgii 2d, Page 515, in that Behalf By Calli, taken to answer Three Quarters of a Year’s Interest, due at Christmas 1750, being after the Rate of 31, per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of 1,000,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act 230 Georgii 2dl, Page 325, in that Behalf - - - . "

By Calli taken in full of 900,000 /. for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act 230 Georgii 2di, Page 403 and 404, in that Behalf By Calli taken in Part of 600,000l. for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year j 751, pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii 261, Page 1,063 in that Behalf

# L

This being the Seven and Fiftieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii i*1, Page 367, is humbly prefen ted, this nth Day of December 17S1* ^y me*

O'.

9,coo o o

4,500 o o 66 17 8

12,000 or O 225 o a

57*73* & 41

22^500 a o 194,191 14 10 44^5 15 3

740,788 4 ii

% Strop*,

25 Geo. IL i i° DecembnS.

The EXCHEQUER to the Sinking Fund

A B S TRACT of the said Surpasses, Rated at Michaelmas 1751.

Dr. Per Contra

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended at Michaelmas 175

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 1.

Surplus of the South so* Company's Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 2. Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fo, 3.

d.

463,304 11 si 36,503 13 j *70,407 9 2|

790,215 14 '*

O

o

eg

rT

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1751, being after the Pate of \l. per Coat. on the principal Sum of 6eo,oooo/. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1736,

pursuant to the Act p° Georgii 2rfI, Page 492, in that Behalf By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Michaelmas 1751, I

being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 300,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act 110 Georgii 2dl, Page 642, in that Behalf -By Half a Year's Annuity, ducat Midsummer 1751, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of 800,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 150 Georgii 2dl, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf -By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf

By Cash, taken to answer Half a Year’s Interest, due at Michaelmas 1751, being after the Rate of 41, and 3/. ios. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 3,072,472 /. os. 10 d. the Amount of the Navy, Transports, and

By

Victualling Bills and Ordnance Debentures subscribed for Annuities, chargeable on this Fund, pursuant to the Act 22° Georgii 2dI, Page 515, in that Behalf - - - . -

Cash taken to answer Half a Year's Interest, due at Midsummer 1751, being after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent, per

_ . w r3.

Annum on the principal Sum of a Million, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act 23® Georgii 2dl, Page 325, ia that Behalf By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, at Lady day 1751, pursuant to the Act 6° Georgii i"‘l. Page 294, in that Behalf By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp-Duties, at Christmas 1730, pursuant to the

Act 40 Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be

granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 464 ....

By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties payable to his Majesty for Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1751, pursuant to the Act 19* Georgii 2dl, to answer Interest on 986,800l. charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per

Clause in the said Act, Page j6i, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to make gooa the Deficiency of the additional Duties onWines, at Midsummer 1731, pursuant to the Act 18° Georgii 2^, to answer Annuities on single Lives, and other Annuities, at 3/. per Cent. per Annum, on 2,oco,oooo/. charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 358, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1751, pursuant to the Act 19® Georgii 2dl, to answer Annuities at 4/. and 3/. 10s. per Cent, per Annum on 3,oop,oooo/. charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause io the said Act, Page 291 and 292, in that Behalf -By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1751, to answer 3/. per Cent, per Annum Interest, on 500,000l. charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 10° Georgii 2dl; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 351, in that Behalf By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Michaelmas 1751, to answer Annuities at 4/. and 3 /. 10 s. per Cent, per Annum on 4,400,000l. charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 20° Georgii 2di; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to he granted

in Parliament as per Clause in the said Act, Page 142, in that Behalf ~ . ' ' rds

By Cash, taken in full of 600,000l. for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year I7SI. pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii 2dl, Page 1,063 in that Behalf -

By Cash taken towards discharging 1,013,148 /. 4/. bd. in ExchequerBil’s, authorized to be made forth pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii 2di, in that Behalf ....

C*.

iJO

4*

£ r. d.

9,000 0 0

4,50° 0 0

12,000 0 0

225 0 0

54*8 3 nl

15*00 0 a

4»952 5 *1

6,997 8 Z

5*43* 6 4


24,102 19 5

52,969 1 7i

n»737 14 4 i

6j,o66 7

'59.434 4 9

368,771 2 4

A

This being the Eight and Fiftieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii ini, Page 367, is humbly presented, this nth Day of December 1751# by me,

£. j 790,215 14 11

..... On

J. S crops.

25 Geo. II. 11° Decembris.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perufcd by the Members of the House.

Dejen’s A Petition of Francis Degen of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lyster, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Greenwich A Petition of the Commissioners or Governors of the

Hospital. Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, was presented to the House, and read; fetcing forth. That by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe) the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital were required to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a Workman-like manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before this House, in that Session of Parliament; and that, in order to finish and complete the Building of the said Hospital, the House and Yard, and Twofmall Parcels of Land, hereafter mentioned, are necessary to be purchased, viz. a House and Yard on the West Side of the said Hospital, late in the Occupation of one Henry Stanley, a Carpenter (but now untenanted) commonly known by the Name of Stanley's House and Yard; containing, at the South End, Fifty-nine Feet; at the North End, Sixty-one Feet Two Inches; on the East Side, Seventy-nine Feet Seven Inches; and on the West Side, Eighty-five Feet Seven Inches, be the same little more or less; One Parcel of Land, on the same Side of the said Hospital, whereon a small House lately stood, in the Occupation of one Benjamin Hopkins, a Barber, and commonly known by the Name of Carr's House; containing, at the South End, Eleven Feet Six Inches; at the North End, Ten Feet Seven Inches; on the East Side, Fifteen Feet Five Inches; and on the West Side, Fourteen Feet Eleven Inches, be the same little more or less; and One other Parcel of Land, on the East Side of the said Hospital, whereon several Houses formerly stood, belonging to the Trustees of Morden College, and now in the Possession of the said Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital; which, by reason of Infancy, and other Inabilities, the Petitioners have not been able to purchase; and that, by reason of such Inabilities, the Petitioners cannot finish and complete the said Royal Hospital, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to render all Contrafts and Agreements, which shall be made by the said Commissioners or Governors for the purchase of the said House and Yard, and Parcels of Land, valid and effectual, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Clevland, Mr. Burrell, Lord Downe, I,ord Barrington, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Legge, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Moyjl on, S\r William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. West, Admiral Rowley, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Phillipjon, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Harr dingey Mr. Huntery Mr. Ellis, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Salusbury, Lord Strange, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Charlton, Admiral Knowles, Mr. WiMnJon, Mr. Town-Jendy Mr. Mc Kenjie, Mr. Montague, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hill3 Commodore Mitchelly Mr. Thornton, Admiral Townjend’ Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Allgoody Mr. Taylor, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Ro~ binjon, Mr. Martin, Sir James Lowther, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Barbory Admiral Bojcawen; and all the Members

Vol. 26.

who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according Shephard* to Order, a Bill to continue, and make more effectual, an Shord, &c-Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Roa

Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Shephards Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Glanville presented to the House, according to Or- Wrotham der, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Heath, &c.

Oak on Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Road*

Village of Foots Cray, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Richard Wrotlejley reported from the Committee, to Tittenfor whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Road, unto subscribed, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Thirteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing arid amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenjor, and the most Northern Part of Talk upon the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford, being the Post Road from the City of London to some of the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Reportjn his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petions, Mr. John Smith laid before the Committee a Book of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls and Money borrowed; by which it appeared, that the Tolls bring in about 220/. per Annum, and that there is now owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls, 584/. 4 s. 1 \d. which Debt he said could not be paid, and the Road repaired, without a further Continuance of the said Acts, the said Road being at present very much out of Repair.

Mr. Michael Mayo confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Smith, with respect to the present Condition of the Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenjor, and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford: And that Sir Richard JVrottesley, and Mr. Barbor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, Morpeth, See. to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Road, holders, of the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Alder said, That he knows the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge, and Whitiinghcm, to the River Breamish, which is extremely bad and dangerous for Carriages and Hories in Winter; and that he apprehends the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Dixon, and Mr. William Hall, being severally / examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Alder.

4 O Ordered,

3 l

i i6 — 120 Decembris.

A. 1751

Morpeth to Sting Cross Road.

Matter of King’s Bench Office to be Regitler of Middieiex.

Ways and Means.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar or Gate, on the Pod Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, in the County of Northumberland: And that Sir William Middleton, and Mr. Allgood, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Northumberland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Edward Bigge Esquire said, That he knows the Road mentioned in the Petit ion; that it is about 16 or 17 Miles long; that he travelled it la(l September, and it was then very bad; and that frequently, in Winter, ’tis scarce payable; and that the Parishes through which it leads are unable to keep it in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

And being asked, if a Turnpike was erected thereon, if he thinks it would raise Money sufficient to amend, and keep the said Road in Repair; he said he thought it would, as it is a Road much frequented by Carriages, and Travellers on Horseback.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Town leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross, in Elf don, in the County of Northumbur-land: And that Sir William Middleton, and Mr, Allgoody do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, for appointing the Master of the King’s Bench Office One of the Registers or Mailers for the Inrolment of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of the Chief Clerk, to inrol Pleas in the King’s Bench, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing the Deputy or Secondary of the Chief Clerk, to inrol Pleas in the King’s Bench, called the Master of the King’s Bench Office, One of the Registers or Matters for the Inrolment of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of such Chief Clerk.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply.

good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1750, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1752.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Decembris;

Anno 25° Georgii Iidl Regis, 1751. Prayers.

MR. Lyfler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Francis Degen: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Degen’s

Nat.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Land Tax. % to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1752.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make

Mr. ProWfe reported from the Committee, to whom Warminster, the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentle- &c.Road. men, and principal Freeholders, of the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John French, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and also the Road leading from the Town of Frome to Beckington. in the said County, are in many Parts very ruinous, and so narrow, that ’tis with Difficulty a single Carriage can pass, the Lanes not being above Eight Feet wide, and ’tis impossible for a Horse to pass by a Carriage; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended by the ordinary Course of Law:

Mr. Jehu Wandfey, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. French.

As to that Part of the Road from Midford Bridge to the parting of the Bristol from the Bath Road, and which was directed to be repaired by several former Acts of Parliament;

Copy of a Minute of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the said Acts for repairing of that Part of the Road was produced, and proved to your Committee to be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees; whereby they unanimously resolve to consent to that Part of the Petition which relates to the said Road, which they declare to be still ruinous, and not capable of being amended, and kept in Repair, by virtue of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County, of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington, in the same County: And that Mr. Prowse,

Colonel Acourt, Sir Charles Tynte, and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from Army;M«-the Committee of che whole House, to whom the Bill for tiny and De-punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- fcrtion* ment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Clerk’s

a 5 Geo. IL 12° — 130 Dedembris. 31

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill by inserting, after the Word " Pott," in Folio 2. L. 13. the Words, " except in Time of Peace, unless at the " Palace where the King himl'elf resides, or at th eTower tl of London ."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

And Mr. Speaker declaring, That the Noes had it;

And a Division being thereupon demanded;

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

And it appearing, That there was but one Yea; and he, upon being appointed a Teller, agreeing to yield the Question, without telling the House;

Mr. Speaker declared, That the Noes had it.

So the Question passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Greenwich A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Inhabi-hrialVauto. fants 0y r[ie Parilli of Eafi Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifcy new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned), it is, amongst other Things enacted, That there shall be erected and built, of Stone and other proper Materials, Fifty Churches, with Towers or Steeples to each of them; whereof one shall be erected in the Parish of Eafi Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and that, by a subsequent Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her said Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners for building the said Fifty new Churches, and for giving them further Powers for better effecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is provided and again enacted, That one of the said Fifty new Churches shall be erected in Eafi Greenwich^ in the County of Kent, as in the former Act is directed; and that, by the last mentioned Act, it is further enacted, That no Burial shall at any time thereafter be in or under any of the Churches, by that Act intended to be erected: That a new Church hath been erected in the said Parish of Eafi Greenwich, pursuant to the aforesaid Acts; and that, the Liberty of burying under the said new Church being taken away by the aforesaid Act, the Parishioners have been obliged, at their own Charge, to purchase an additional Piece of Ground, which, together with the old Church-yard hath been constantly used for burying therein; and chat as well by the many Vaults and separate Brick Graves, which have of late been granted to particular Persons and Families, as by a considerable Increase of poor Inhabitants, and the frequent Burials consequent thereon, the said Church-yards are no longer sufficient for Burial-places for the Inhabitants; and that, before the Erection of the said new Church, a large Vault or Burial-place, under the old Edifice, was appropriated to the Use of the Parish for Burials, in which a Fee of Twenty Shillings was paid to the Churchwardens; and that the Petitioners have caused the said new Church to be carefully and diligently surveyed and examined by able and experienced Surveyors and Workmen, who find and report, that as the same is built on substantial Pillars of Brick, and arched, by erecting Brick Walls in the vacant Spaces between such Pillars, the same may easily a'nd safely be converted into separate Vaults for Burials, without digging or breaking up the Ground or Floor of such Vaults, or being any otherwise prejudicial to the Walls or Foundation of the said Church; and that by several Acts passed in his present Majesty’s Reign, Power hath been granted by Parliament for placing and depoficing Corps under many of the said new Churches (notwithstanding the former Prohibition) lb as the Ground or Floor of such VoL. 26.

Vaults be not broken or dug up: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to place or deposit Corps in the Vaults or Arches under the said Church, and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;' and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Ellis, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Walpole, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Legge, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Burrell, Mr, Fellowet,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hale, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wilkinjon,

Mr. Gajhry, Lord Bupplin, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Hume,

Mr. West, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gore, Mr. Carmichael, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr. Grenville, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr.

Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Charles Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Admiral Bojcawen, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Newnbam, Lord Barrington,

Mr. Delaval, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Cooke, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Pelham,

LordDuncannon, Mr. Hay, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Richards,

Sir John Ligonier, Mr. Morton, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr.

Medlicot, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Walpole junior, Mr. Mellish,

Mr. Grenville, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Profior, Mr. Willes,

Colonel Madan, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Peachy, Mr. John Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Essex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain within the Space of one Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1752, was committed, The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. y

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 die Decembris;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751.

Prayers.

MR. Tonjon presented to the House, according to Wantage;&c, Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from Walling- Roads.

ford, in the County of Berks, through Wantage, to Farringdon, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill; by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain within the Land Tax. Space of one Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1752, was read the Third time Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain within the Space of one Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1752.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the:

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

16° Decembris.

.1751.

Army,

Mutiny and Dtfcrtion.

ShFewfbury to Bridgnorth Road.

Sfend

Road.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Liin<zy 16° die Decembris;

Anno 2 j° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1751. Prayers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land-holders, and others, residing in or near the Towns of Shrewsbury, Bridgnorth, and Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the High Road leading from the Town of Shrewsbury, in the Counry of Salop, through Cressage, Harley, Much JVenlock, and by a Place called Muckley Qross, and through Morvill, to Bridgnorth, in the said County (being the great Road from Shrewsbury to the City of Worcester) is in divers Places, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon,become so deep and ruinous, and in the Winter Season so very bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass without great Danger; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways in this Kingdom, be effectually mended, and kept in good Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Boole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Kent, Mr. Popham, Mr. West, Mr. Delme, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Cujl, Mr Townshend, Mr. Clevland, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Locke, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Mitchell, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir John AJlky, Mr. Hill, Mr. Kynaston. Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Bold, Mr. Boone, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Fazakerley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Clothiers, and other Persons, of the several Counties of Wilts and Somerset, living near the Road leading from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the said County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, in the same County, to a Place called WhiteTrough, in the Parish of Trowbridge aforesaid, and from thence to the further End of a Lane leading from Road Church to Beckington, in the said County of Somerset, and adjoining to the Road leading from Beckington, aforesaid, to the City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Road contained! Eleven Miles and an Half in Length, or thereabout, and is the great Road leading from London, through Devizes, to Frome, in the County of Somerset, and to and from several very considerable trading Towns lying in the said several Counties; and

that the same Road is, by reason of the Deepness and Rottenness of the Soil, and of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become very ruinous, and almost impassable for Wheel Carriages in the Winter Season, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, by virtue of any Laws now in Force, to the great Danger of Passengers, and Prejudice of Trade in general; but more especially of the Woollen Manufacture: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Popham, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Gore, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Alderman Baker, Lord Dupplin, Mr. West, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Medlicot, Sir John Cujl, Lord Strange, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Ker, Mr. Barbor, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Henley, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Gybbon, Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Delme, Mr. Bodville, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Willey, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Poore, Mr. John Gore, Colonel Bojcawen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, Southampton, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,was read; whereby the said Commissioners are required to contract and agree with able and sufficiencTradef-men. Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, according to the Plan laid before the House that Session of Parliament: Then,

Thomas Ripley Esquire produced to your Committee Two Plans, whereby it appeared, that the House called Stanley's House, and likewise the Ground whereon a House called Carr's House lately flood, and another Piece of Land on the East Side of the said Hospital, belonging to the Trustees of Morden College, are all of them necessary to be purchased for completing the said Hospital.

As to the Inability of the Parties interested in the said Premises to convey the same to the said Commissioners;

Mr. John Evereji informed your Committee, That Stanley's House and Yard were formerly mortgaged, and that the Heir at Law to the Mortgager is beyond Sea, and has not been heard of for many Years: That the Ground whereon Carr's House lately flood is the Property of Infants, who have a Life-estate therein; and the Ground belonging to Morden College is a publick Charity, which the Trustees have no Power to alienate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render all Contrafts and Agreements, which shall be made by the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of a House and certain Parcels of Land for the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual; and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame: And that Mr. Clevland, Mr. West, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

10 A BUI

Greenwich

Hoipiul

25 Geo. II.

16° — 170 Decembris.

329

Shephards $bord, &c. Roads.

Wrotham Heath, See. Road.

A Bill to continue and make more effectual an Act, pafleti in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Shephards Shord and Horsley* Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown lldl, in the County of Wilts* and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was read a Second rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Henley, Mr. Pep bam, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowje, Sir John CuJ?, Mr. West, Mr. Clev land, Mr. Salusbury^ Mr. Barbor, Mr. Delme, Colonel Acourt, Mr. GlanviLe, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Whit worth, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gajbry, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. GW, Mr. Hume, Mr Finch, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Butler, Lord Londonderry, Mr. C00&, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Powlett, Lord G*0. Bent inch. Colonel Holmes, Mr. Gray, Mr Fonereau, Mr. Locke, Mr. Campbell Mr. Fellowes, Sir B. IVrey, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Bodville, Sir /T/». Beauchamp Proflor, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Chedwynd, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Bold, Mr. Henley, Commodore MitcbelL Mr. £///>; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of IVilts, Somerset, Dorset, Southampton, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from The Royal Oak, on Wrotbam Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Village of Foots Cray in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gian-ville, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrell, Lord Middlesex, Mr Boone, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Butler, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Delme, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pclhill, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Kent, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Stanwix, Admiral Knowles, Mr. ThornlDUy Lord Dupplin, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Finch, Mr. Wation, Lord John Murray, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Fazakcrley, i\lr. Popham, Mr. Gore, Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Henley, Mr. Willes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowes,. Lord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. Cooke} Lord Middlesex, Colonel Acourt, Sir B. Wrey, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Kymston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Peachy, Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Lord Strange, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Bold. Mr. Powney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, Sussex, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tafccllej’

Divorce.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eld and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Lascelles, of London, Merchant, with Elizabeth Southwicke, his now Wife, qind to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Malt Duties. for continuing and granting to'his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling George Oxenden Esquire, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, Arms, and Crest, of Dixwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Bqftll Dixwell Baronet, deceased, without any Amendment-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Decembris;

Anno 25* Georgii II<uRegi$, 1751.

Prayers.

TjRancis Degen took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffbe his Warrant to the EafllowWdt. Clerk of the Crown, to make ouc a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eastlow, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Francis Gajhry Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer and Pay-master of his Majesty’s Ordnance.

A Petition of the Wool Combers, Worded Weavers, Woollen Wool Staplers, Clothiers, and others, Manufacturers of Trade. Wool, in the City of Norwich and County of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; fetring forth, That the Woollen Manufacture, in the said City, and County, consists in the Making of large Quantities of rich Crapes, Silk Cainblets, Tabbys, Sattens, Damasks, Tabberetts, and a great Variety of other Worded and Silk and Worded Goods, which are exported to most Parts where the Navigation of this Kingdom extends, whereby great Part of the Poor are employed, not only in the said City, but in all the adjacent Counties, to the great Benefit and Advantage of this Nation in general; and that, in the Making of such Good.:*, the Petitioners use great Quantities of Fleece Wool, of the Growth of divers Parcs of this Kingdom; and alleging, thac the excessive Quantity of Pitch and Tarufedby the Growers of Wool in marking their Sheep hurts the Quality, as well as encreases the Weight; and their winding up in the.

Fleece inferior Wool, Dirt, Dung, and other Refuse, have of late Years been growing Evils, very injurious to the Petitioners, and notoriously prejudicial to the Manufacture in general: And therefore (the present Laws proving ineffectual to remedy these Abuses) praying, Thac the House will take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and provide such Remedy as to the House fhalLfeecn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-Staplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Cambists, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York 5 and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool Staplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the* West Riding of the County of York \ are referred: And that they do* examine the Matter of tjiis Petition $ and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Oxenden’s

Name.

Vql. 26.

Aningrofied Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Lafcellesf dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Lascelles, of London, Mer- Divorce, chaqt, yrith Elizabeth Southwicke, his now Wife, ^nd. ta enable Him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Commissioners of p*ebl*s Supply, and Heretors, of the Cqunties of Peebles, met.at Roa s* Peebles the 10th October 1751, was presented to the House, and read; Yetting forth. That the Highways and Roads leading from the Counties of Dumfries and Lanerk, thrpugh the County of Peebles, towards, the City of Edinburgh, are become deep and ruinous, and in many Places impassable for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, and even dangerous for Persons travelling upon Horseback; and that the same cannot be put in sufficierxt Repair by the ordinary Means already provided by the Laws in Force in that Part of the United Kingdom called

4 P Scotland,

33° 17 ° Decembris.1751*

Scotland, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore That the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, which the said Road leads, have paid Sixpence in the and give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for re- Pound towards the Repair thereof; yet nevertheless the pairing the said Roads in such manner as to the House said Road is very bad, nor can it be effectually repaired shall seem meet. by any Law now in being.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Mr. Samuel Plumer confirmed the aforesaid Evidence, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appairing the Road leading from The Green Man, in the pear to them, to the House. Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through

And it is referred to Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Willes, Mr. Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish Mitchell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fell ewes, Mr. Taylor, Mr. of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence,

Prow/e, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Palmer, Mr. by Road Church, to Beckington, in the County of Somer-Lyfter, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Jenyns, Jet: And that Mr. Popham and Mr. Prow/e do prepare,

Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Delme, Mr. Frankland, Mr. and bring in, the fame.

Locke, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Page, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Talbot, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Bummer, Colonel A Bill for naturalizing Francis Degen was read a Second Degen’s Nat. Bofcaweny Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Ord, Mr. time.

Batburjl, Mr. Westy Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Ker, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Fellokves, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gore,

' Mr. Morton, Mr. Newnbam yCofond Acourt, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Salu/bury, Mr.

Lord Duncannony Mr. Bayntun Roltand all the Mem- Townshend, Mr. Popham, Mr. Hay, Lord Hobart, Mr. hers whoserve for North Britain: And they are to meet Hilly Mr. Stanwix, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Batburjl, Mr. Vynert this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thom-Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, ton. Lord Strange, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Glanvillt, Mr.

and Records. Frankland, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Lambe, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Willey, Mr. Medlitotty Mr. Mitchell,

Shrew (bury ' Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the Mr. Tonge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr.

toBridg- Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land- Bayntun, Mr. West, Mr. Newnham, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

north Roid. holders, and others, residing in or near the Towns of Dimmer, Mr. Gray, Mr. Locke, Mr. Clevland, Sir Ed-

Shrewsbury, Bridgnorth, and Much Wenlock, in the County ward Hawke, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Walpo’e, tof Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was re- Mr. Hume, Mr. Hilly Mr Kynaston, Sir Linch Cotton, ferred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Mr. Bodville, Sir Charles Kemeys Tykte, Mr. Bold, Mr. the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, Browne, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Cwynn, Mr. Mellish, Mr. as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Pinney, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Barbor, Colonel Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Acourt, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Hill/borough, Colonel Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as fol- Holmes, Colonel Townshend: And they are to meet loweth; viz. this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Chamber.

Mr. Richard Fleming and Mr. Joseph Amdelly being fe-

verally examined, said, That the Road mentioned in the A Petition of Framingham Lake, and other?, whole Bounty on Petition is the great Road from Shrewsbury to the Cicy of Hands are thereunto subscribed, Merchants and Exporters Corn. Worcester, and in many Places, by reason of the many of Corn from that Put of the Sea Coast, in the County heavy Carriages passing thereon, become so deep and of Norfolk. that lies between the Borough of King's Lynn TOinous, thac Coaches and other Carriages cannot pass and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County, without great Danger; and that the said Road cannot be was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thac effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, without the fur- by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the ther Aid of Parliament. Reign of King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Act for the Encouraging the Exportation of Corn) it is repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, enacted, That when Malt or Barley was or should be ac through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley 24s. Rye ac 32 s. and Wheat at 48 s. per Quart:r, or Cross, and through Morvill, to Bridgnorth, in the County under, in any Port ot* Ports of this Kingdom, every of Salop: And that Mr. Lyster, Mr. Prow/e, and Mr. Merchant or other Person who should put on board of Fellowes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. . any English-built Ship (the Master and Two Thirds of

his Mariners at lead being their Majesties Subjects) any Soend Road. Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Sorts of the said Corn from any such Ports, with an In-’ the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, tent to export the fame, everyYuch Person, upon a Cer-Clergy, Clothiers, and other Persons, of the several Coun- tificate, and Proof upon Oath, of the Quantity and ties of-Wilts and Somerset, living near the Road leading Quality so shipped, and giving such Bond to export, and from The Green Man-, in the Chapelry of Seend, \n not reland, the fame,as; in the said Act is mentioned; the said County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, in the should/ have paid them By, the Commissioners, Farmers,

' feme County, to a < Place called White Trough* in the or Collectors, of his Majesty’s Customs of the Port from Parish of Trowbridge aforesaid,; and from thence to the whence such Corn was exported, a Bounty offiveShiJ-further End of a Lane leading from Road Church to lings for every Quarter of Wheat, Three Shillirrgs and Beckington, in the said County of Somerset, and adjoining Sixpence for every Quarter of Rye, and Two Shillings to the Road lcadingfromBeckington aforesaid to the City and Sixpence for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, so of Batbi was referred. That the Committee had examin- shipped; which Money, fopaid by the said Commissioners, ed the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him Farmers,; or Collectors, should be accepted of in their to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; Accounts as so much paid, to their Majesties; and that by and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards dc- aClause in another Act, made in the 12th and ijth Years iivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same ,was of the Reign of King William the Third (intituled, An read; and is as followeth; -viz.' Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty for defraying the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garrisons,) - it is

Mr. Charles Aland said, That the Road from the £)i- enacted, That if the Collector of the Customs of any Port rection Poll near Beckington to The Green Man at Seend on the Coasts of this Kingdom should not have sufficient is about Eleven Miles and an Half: That it is in a very in his Hands to satisfy and pay such Sum and Sums of ruinous Condition, even in Summer; and in Winter Money, which were or should be due to any Exporter -almost impassable. by virtue of the first-mentioned Act, that then such Col-

ieftor

25 Geo. It.

i 7® — 18° Decembrist

35-1

Bounty on Coro.

lcdor should give to the Person demanding such Sum or Sums of Money a Certificate, under his Hand* of what should be due to such Person for the Corn exported from such Port, certifyingtothe Commissioners of the Customs in London, that he had not Monies in his Hands sufficient to pay the fame; which Certificate being affixed to the Debenture for the Corn so exported, and being produced to his Majesty’s Commissioners of the Customs in London, they the said Commissioners are thereby authorized and required, on Demand by the Person that should bring the fame, to cause the Monies thereby due to be paid within Three Months, by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, out of such Monies as should be in his Hands, arising out of such Customs or Duties in the Port of London as were chargeable with the Payment of any Money for the Exportation of Corn; and that by an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the Duty on Malt, and by the several annual Malt Acts since, the Bounty Money for Malt is di-reded to be paid for and after the Rate of Thirty Quarters for every Twenty Quarters of Barley made into Malt for Exportation, and no more; and that the Petitioners have, in and since the Month of July 1750, bought, put on Ship-board, and exported from several Ports on the Coast of the County of Norfolk, great Quantities of Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Male (the said several Sorts of Corn being, at the time of fuefy shipping at the said Ports, bought and sold under the several Prices before mentioned'; and that the Petitioners, in Consideration of the said Bounty, gave greater Prices to the Farmers for the several Sorts of Corn, so by them bought and exported, than they otherwise should have done; and in shipping and exporting such Corn have strictly observed and obeyed the Directions and Intentions of the said several Acts, and have procured Certificates, from time to time, from the Collectors of the Customs in the said Ports on the said Coast from whence they exported the said Corn, of their not having sufficient in their Hands to pay the said Bounty so due to the Petitionersby virtue of the said Act, and the Petitioners have caused such Certificates, after affixed to the Debenture for such Corn, to be produced to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at London for Payment Three Months afterwards, pursuant to the said Act; but that the said Commissioners have not caused Payment to be made of the Bounty-money, so become due to Lhe Petitioners for Corn exported by them, pursuant to the said Act, for‘upwards of a Year last past, nor are the Petitioners able to procure Payment thereof; whereby the Petitioners are great Sufferers, and there remain very large Sums of Money now due and payable to the Petitioners by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying the House would take the Premises into their Consideration, and make such Provision for the Payment of the Petitioners, and for the Payment of such Bounty as shall hereafter become due by virtue of the said Acts, as to the House shall seem just.

A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, from the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed, was also presented to the House and read; reciting the said Provisions made in the said several Acts relating to the Bounty payable upon the Exportation of Malt and Corn; and setting forth, That the Petitioners have in and since the Month of October 17 50, at divers Times, bought, put on Shipboard, and exported, from the Port of King's Lynn aforesaid, great Quantities of Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Malt (the said several Sorts of Corn being at the Time of such Shipping at the said Port* bought and sold under the several Prices mentioned in the said Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary) and in Consideration of the said Bounty, gave greater Prices to the Farmers for the said Corn, so by them bought and exported, than they otherwise should have done; and that the Petitioners,in shipping and exporting such Corn, have strictly observed and obeyed the Directions and Intentions of the said several Acts, and have procured Certificates, from time to time, from the Cc^lector of the Customs in the said Port, of his not having Vol. 26.

Money in his Hands chargeable with the Payrhtnt of the said Bounty* sufficient to pay the fame; and have caused such Certificates (after being affixed to the Debenture for such Corn) to be produced to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at London, who have thereupon given Orders, under their Hands, to the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs* to pay the said Bounty-money* within Three Months, out of the Monies in his Hands; chargeable with the Payment of Money for the Exportation of Corn; and that the Petitioners, after the Debentures have become due, have applied divers Times to the said General Receiver or Cashier, for the said Money; but have never been able to procure Payment of any Part thereof, the said General Receiver alleging that he had not, nor has, any Money in his Hands, chargeable with the Payment of the said Bounty-money, sufficient to pay the same; so that there now remains unpaid to the Petitioners all the said Bounty-money for the said Corn exported by them as aforesaid, for upwards of a Year last past; amounting in the Whole to a very large Sum of Money, great Part whereof has been due these Twelve Months, and other Part Eight or Six Months, whereby the Petitioners are greatly distressed in their Trade: And therefore praying,

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and make such Provision for the Payment of the Bounty-money, now due to the Petitioners as aforesaid, and alfy for the better and more effectual Payment of such Bounty-money, as shall hereafter become due by virtue of the said Acts, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do fie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for poof. thebetter Maintenance and Employment of poor Children, Children, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Sir Richard Uoydy Mr. Bathurst, and Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Mercurii, i8° die Dsj

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1751*

Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and free Burgesses, Saltafo Water of the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, Customs*

was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That the Predeceftbrs of the Petitioners immemorially enjoyed, by Prescription, several Privileges, Water Customs, and Dues, arising within their Jurisdiction and Liberty of the W ater or River of Hhamery such as Anchorage, Buoyage, and Tonnage of all Ships and Vessels, except those belonging to his Majesty, which happen to anchor, load, or un- load, within their said Jurisdiction and Liberty; which Privileges were granted and confirmed to the said Borough by Charter or Letters Patent, granted by King Charles the Second in the 34th Year of his Reign, and for which the Petitioners pay an annual Fee-farm Rent of Eighteen Pounds, and are at a confideTable yearly Expence in preparing and maintaining a Buoy at the Mouth of the River Cadwatery as a Mark for all Ships and Vessels coming into the said River, to avoid Rocks, and for their safe entering into the said River; and that such Custom* ari Dues are payable by the Matters of the Ships; and, on Refusal and Nonpayment thereof, the Petitioners have never followed or used any other Method for the Recovery of them, but by arresting such Matters who have refused td pay; but that since the passing of an A d in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests, and continued by an Act made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty) whereby no Person can be arrested by any Process issued out of either of the iuperior Courts, where the Cause of Action doth not amount to Ten Pounds, or out of an inferior Court where the Cause of Action is under Forty Shillings, several Matters, knowing

3'3

18° — 19° Decembris.

J. 1751

ingthsTcnor of the said Act, have already taken Umbrage plication of all Monies received or paid, for Three Years thereof, and, their Dues not amounting to Forty Shil- last pad, on account of the Turnpikes, for repairing the lings, have refused to pay, and have failed out of the said said Roads by virtue of the said Acts.

Jurisdiction, bidding Defiance to the Petitioners j and alleging, that the Petitioners are like to suffer more for the A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Mr.

future, as the Knowlege of the said Act is become more Montague: universal: And therefore praying, That the House will Mr. Speaker,

be pleased to take the Nature of the Petition into their The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill Consideration 5 and that the Petitioners may have Leave for granting an Aid ro his Ma by a Land Tax, to be L,aail Tax' to bring in a Bill, or have the Sanction of a Clause to be raised in Great Britain within the S One Year, from

inserted in some Act of Parliament, or have such Relief the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Seven hundred

in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, to re cover such their Dues and Rights; fmce the same being very small, as a Shilling for Anchorage, and Two Pence a Ton for Goods loaded or unloaded in or out of each Ship, being a Native, or double that Duty, being Foreigners, seldom amount to Forty Shillings; and for that the Petitioners are advised they cannot, for want of Usage, distrain or flop any Ship for not Payment; and that they have no other Remedy, save by Arrest, to recover the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Macccr thereof j and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Fazakerley,

Dr. Lee, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. , General

St.Clair, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Watson, Mr. Monckton, Colonel

Acourt, Sir Thomas Robinson. Mr. Richards, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Pawlett, Mr PMr. Herbert, Mr.

Prowje, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Carmichael, Sir John Cust, Mr. tVbitworth, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hunter, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Frankland, Mr. fVilkinfon, Sir John Frankland, Mr. Charlton, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Mr.

.Metcalfe, Mr. Delme, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Newnbam. Mr.

Page, Mr. Lambe, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Popham, Mr. Jetryns, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Hill, Mr.

FeHones, Mr. Lafce/les, Mr. Gray, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

JValpole, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Bo/cawen, Mr. French, Sir Duncan Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power tp fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

and Fifty-two, without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better tiny and De-Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any *"en,on-Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mailer of for appointing the Deputy or Secondary of the Chief King’s Bench Clerk to inrol Pleas in the King’s Bench, called the Master of the King’s Bench OiHce, one of the Regiders Mi or Masters for the" Inrolment of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of in the

Place and Stead of such Chief Clerk, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do i/Tue his Warrant to the Fife Writ.

Clerk of the Crown, ro make out a new Wnr u> rie Electing of a Commissioner, to serve in chis pr< r.

liament for the Shire of Fife, in the room of f~

wald Esquire, who, since his Ejection for the , hath accepted the Office of one of the ior

Trade and Plantations.

fcegtn’s Nat Mr. Lyjier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Francis Degen was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill i and found the same to be true; And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Decembris;

Georgii IF* Regis, 1751.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Anno 2f Prayers.

East Retford Writ.

Kensington Roads, &c. Accounts.

Ordered, Thac the Bill be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, \n the room of William Mellish Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for managing the Revenues of Excise.

Ordered, That the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and the other made in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granced by the said former Act, and for repairing some other Roads, in the Parish of St. George Hanover-square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea; do lay before this House, Accounts of the Receipts, and Ap~

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Francis Degen was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Francis Degen.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjier do carry the Bill to the Lordsy and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers, in the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and Places adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others, waS presented to the House, and read; fetcing forth. That within the said Borough, and Parts very near thereunto, are made very large Quantities of Bays and Says, which are fenc to foreign Markets, as well as Crapes and other Stuffs which are vended at home $ and also very great Quantities of Yarn for the Lotiden and Norwich Markers, in which are spent and confirmed Abundance of Fleece Wool of the Growth of various Counties in this Kingdom, by which the numerous Poor are supported, and the Riches of the Kingdom greatly encreased; and alleging. That the Manufacturers of the said Fleece Wool have laboured under very great Difficulties, and fuflairied very great Loss and Damage, by the fraudulent Practice of the Growers, in false winding and excessive 1 o branding

Depen'i

Nat.

W-ollcn

Trade.

25 Geo. II. i 9 Decembr333

branding their Wool, whereby the Buyer has been very much deceived in the Weight, and consequently in the Quality thereof, having frequently found wrapped up in the Fleece, Pitch, Tar, deceitful Locks, Cotes, Sand, Dirt, and other things, which by no means ought to be put therein; and that it is evidenr, the fraudulent Winding of Wool was looked upon as a Crime of heinous Nature long ago, from an ACc of Parliament made in the 23d of Henry the Eighth; which in those Times was, doubtless, looked upon as sufficient to deter Persons from so vile a Practice, but is found by Experience inefficient for that Purpose in the presentDay: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and give such Relief therein as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers, and Manufacturers of Worsted-Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Cahmancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others. Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of HaUifax, in the West Hiding of the County of York-, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hobfe.

Wilton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wrirforthe Elect ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Honourable Robert Herbert Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue.

Accoont of Ordered, That the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes,

West mi oiler within the City and Liberty of Westminster, do lay before.

Scavengers th*IS fjoufe the Amount of the Scavenger’s Rates lor their les’ respective Parishes, for one Year last past.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir 10 Bills. Henry Bellenden, Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick Bills, and to one private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, within the Space of one Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two.

V An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for appointing the Deputy or Secondary of the Chief Clerk to inrol Pleas in the King’s Bench, called the Matter of the King’s Bench Office, one of the Registers or Matters for the Inrolment of Deeds, Wills, and other Conveyances, in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of such Chief Clerk.

An Act for enabling George Oxenden Esquire, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, Arms, and Crest of Dixwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Basil Daxwell Baronet, de-> ceased.

Vol. 26.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom the Greemvich Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of Bur,alVaults, the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was referred, That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations contained in the said Petition, Parc of Two Acts, the one made in the 9th, and the other in the 10th Year of the Reign of Queen dyne, for building Fifty new Churches in and abouc the Cities of London and Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read; by which said several Acts it was enacted, That one of the Churches thereby directed to be built Qiould be erected in the Parish 0VEast Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and by the last of ih$ said Acts it is also further enacted, That no Burial shall at any time be in or under any of the Churches by that Act intended to be erected.

William Rojs, being examined said. That a Church' having been erected at East Greemvich,in pursuance of the said ACh, upon thcGround whereon the old Church'flood, the Inhabitants, in the Year 1716, purchased a Piece of Ground contiguous to the old Church yard; which, together with the said Church-yard, has been constantly made use of for a Burial Place ever since.

Thomas Dawes, Sexton of the said Parish, said, That by reason of the great Encrease of the Inhabitants, and the frequent Burials conlequent thereupon, the present Churchyards are not futticient for that Purpose.

Then, in order to prove, That, before the Erection of the new Chur.ch, a Vault under the old Edifice was made use of for a Burial Place, a Table of Fees, dated in the Year 1705, and signed by the then Bishop of Rochester, was produced; whereby a Fee of Twenty Shillings was directed to be paid to the Churchwardens of the said Parish for every Corps deposited in the said Vault.

Thomas Ripley Esquire, being examined, laid, That he had carefully surveyed the said new Church, and finds that the same is built upon very substantial Pillars of Brick, and arched; and that if Brick Walls were erected between, and carried as low as the Foundation of such Pillars, the same would be a Security thereto; and the vacant Spaces might safely be converted into Vaults for Burials, without breaking up the Floor, or being in the lead prejudicial to ' the Foundation of the said Church. r

Then a Clause in an Act, made in the 2d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish; and also a Clause in another Act, made in the 3d Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for providing Maintenance for the Mini Iter of the/iew Parish Church of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry, and for making the same a distinct Parish; were severally read, in order to prove, that Power hath been granted by Parliament to bury under several of the said new Churches, notwithstanding the former Prohibition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Pariffiioners of the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to deposit Corps in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame: And that Mr. Ellis and Mr. Clevland do prepare, and bring in,

the fame-

l

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Fortnight, the 7th Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

4 Q.

334

7° Januari

J.

1752.

Addrefi on the Death

humble

Marti*, die Januarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdI Regis 175a. Prayers.

1 IRESOLVED, Nemine contradicente, That an

Addrefr be presented to his Majesty to condole with Denmark? of ^ajc^Y on r^c unfortunate Death of that most virtuous and excellent Princess his Majest) ’s Daughter, the Queen of Denmark.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty *s most Honourable Privy Council.

TinheadHill, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Per-&c. Road*. Tons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in, near, and frequently travelling through, the Roads leading from the South East End of the Hedge on the Top of Pinhead Hilly in the Parish of Edington, in the County of Wilts, through Tinhead aforesaid; and from thence to Raydown, through Steeple Ashton, and over Steeple Ashton Common to a Place called the Round Slone, in Trowbridge, in the said County of Wilts; and also from a Place called Flinty Nap in the Parish of Coulston, to the Entrance of Western Down, in the said Parish of Edington, and from a House, now in the Occupation of Robert Godby, situate in a Lane called Trowlebridge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through Westwocd, to Midford, in the County of Somerset; and also from Frejhford, in the said County of Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Wilts, and, through the fame, to the Foot of Combe Hill, leading to the City of Bath \ was prefenced to the House, and read 5 setting forth, That the said Roads are become very ruinous and Dad, by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently parting through the fame, and that they cannot be put into sufficient Repair by such Means as are already provided by the Laws of the Land, or without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, by such Means and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to C them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pozvney, Mi. Lyster, Sir Dan. Osborne, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Salusbury, Co\oi\t\ Leighton, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bayntuv. Roll, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Palmer, Mr. HUly Mr. Mitchell, Lord Strange, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pottery Mr. Hampden, Lord Hobart, Mr. Alderman Bethelly Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Gray, Mr. Henley, Lord Gage, Mr Town- Jhend, Lord Downe, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Fellowesy Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Phil/ipfony Mr. Buller, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Dowdeswell. Sir Dun. Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Commodore Mitchell i and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, ffills, and Somefet: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the Acts, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the 12 th and 13th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, relating to the Bounty payable upon the Exportation of Malt and Corn; and setting forth, That the Petitioners have bought, put on Shipboard, and exported from the said Port of Stock-ton, and also from Hartlepoole and Yarm, great Quantities of Wheat, Rye, and Barley, (the said several Sorts of Corn being, at the Time of such ftiipping at the said Port, bought and sold under the several Prices mentioned in the said Act of the ift Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary)$ and, in Consideration of the said Bounty, gave greater Prices to the Farmers for the several Sorts of Com, so by the Petitioners bought and exported, than they otherwise should have done; and, in ftiipping and exporting such Corn, have strictly observed and obeyed the Directions and Inrenrions of the said several^ Acts, and have produced Certificates, from time to time, from the Collectors of the Customs in the said Port from whence they exported the said Corn, of their not having sufficient in their Hands to pay the said Bounty due to the Petitioners by virtue of the said Act; and that the Petitioners have caused such Certificates, after affixed to the Debenture for such Corn, to be produced to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at London for Payment Three Months afterwards, pursuant to the said Act; but that the said Commissioners have not caused Payment to be made of the Bouncy-money, so become due to the Petitioners for Corn so exported by them pursuant to the said Act, for upwards of a Year la't past; nor are the Petitioners able to procure Payment thereof, whereby they are great Sufferers, and there remain very large Sums of Money now due, and payable to the Petitioners, by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and make such Provision for the Payment of the Petitioners, and for the Payment of such Bounty as shall hereafter become due, by virtue of the said Acts, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

and

Warminster, Mr. Prowse presented to the House, according to Order, 4tc. Road, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckinglon, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bounty on

A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Com Com. . from Stockton-upon-Tees and Hartlepoole, in the County of Durham, and also from Yarm, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the several Provisions in

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Hcyteftwry Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Heytesbury Knook, in the County of Wilts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the East End of the said Parish of Heytesbury to the Top of Anjlrow Hill, in the said Parish of Knook, hath for several Years past been in a very ruinous Condition, occasioned by the great Number of heavy Carriages introduced thereon since the Commencement of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wiles; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution were thereby authorized and impowered to lay out, if they should think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money arising by the Tolls granted by the said Act towards repairing the said Road leading from Heytesbury to Anjlrow HtU aforesaid; but that, notwithstanding the Benefits which have arisen to the said Town of Warminster by means ofrthe said Act, and the Damage done in consequence thereof to the said last mentioned Road, yet the said Trustees have never applied any Part of the Money arising by the said Tolls towards amending the said Road; but the Petitioners have been obliged to repair the same at their own Expence, and have expended large Sums for that Purpose, whereby the Value of their Estates hath been considerably affected, and a Burden imposed upon them, unknown before the making of the said Act; and alleging that the Bill depending in the House for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, tq the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset^ to the Town of Beckinglon, in the same County,

if

25 Geo. II. y° Januarii. 33$

if passed into a Law, will, by opening a still larger Com- creasing EVII; and that the Redding of Sheep is of very munication between the Town of Warminster and the ad- little Use or Advantage to their Owner, but to the Ma-jacent Country, greatly encrease the Number of Travellers nufacturer is greatly injurious, lie being put to a greater and Carriages on the said Road leading from Heytesbury Expence in walking and scouring such Wool, and not-to Anjlrow Hill aforesaid, and consequently render it im- withstandingall his Expence and Care, the Redding, being practicable for the Petitioners to keep the same in Repair mixed with Tar, Oil, and other binding Qualities, often without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore so adheres to the Staple of the Wool as prevents its taking

praying the House to take the Premises into their Con- the Dye, whereby the Beauty and Lustre of the Colour sideration, and to relieve the Petitioners therein, by mak- of the Goods of the Petitioners is defaced; apd that ing Provision in the said Bill to compel, for the future, the although the initial Letter of the Owner’s Name, once Trustees appointed in pursuance of the said former Act to Pitch-marked on his Sheep, be sufficient to distinguish amend the said Road leading from the East End of the them from his Neighbour’s, yet the Growers of Wool,

Parish of Heytesbury to the Top of Anftrow Hill, in the not content therewith, frequently impress on them, in said Parish of Knook, or in such manner as to the House Pitch, a large Circle, inclosing several large Letters, and shall seem meet, moreover impress the same Mark in Two, Three, and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- sometimes Four Places on the same Sheep; and that, by sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the reason of the Premises, the Manufacturer is put to many Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to unnecessary Expences, and sustains other Damage, his them, to the House: Goods cannot come to Market at so low a Price as other-

And it is referred to Colonel Acourt, Mr. Lambe, Mr. wife they might, whereby Foreigners undersell the Peri-Prowse, Mr. Hunter) Mf. Sandys, General Oglethorpe, Mr. tioners abroad: And therefore praying the House to take Colleton, Mr. Walpole kri\or, Mr. Walpole junior, Mr. Pow- the Premises into Consideration, and provide such Re-ney, Lord Strange, Sir Franiis Drake, Mr. Lyster, Mr. medy as to the House shall seem meet.

Deime, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Potter, Lord Bar- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

rington, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Hay, Mr. sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wation, Mr. Hill, Mr. several. per Tons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Townshend, Mr. Wiiles, Sir IVm, Yonge, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. on the Behalfof themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-Cashry, Mr. Hobiyn, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Thornhagh, ftaplcs, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted Mr. Ker, Mr. Willey, Mr. paeon, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Yarn, Broad Cloch, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and Burrell, Mr. Garth, Mr. Hbnley, Mr. Gray, Sir John other Wooilen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Hobart, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Mr. Luke Robinson, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Drake, Sir Dan, Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others,

OJborn, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Saunders, Sir Manufacturer* and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the John Rujhoitt, Mr. Buller, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Gage, Xown and Parish 0( Hallifax, in the West Riding of the Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Tracy \ County of York\ are referred: And that they do examine and all the Members who serve for the Counties of the Matccr of t(lis pcticion; and report the fame, with Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton: And they are lheir Qpini0lJ thereupon, to the House.

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per-

fons. Papers, and Records. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Expiring

what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report Laws.

Commerell’s, A Petition of Frederick William Cmmerell, John An- their Opinion to the House which of them arc fit to be &c. Nat. thonyToejken, and Christian Gottlieb Mojer, was presented revived or continued:

to the House, and read: Praying, That Leave may be And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Baton, Sir given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization. Peter Warren, Mr. Hill, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fazakerley,

Ordered1 hut Leave be given to bring in a Bill accord- Mr. Larr.be, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Salusbury, Lord Strange? ing to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mr. Shelley, Lord Gage, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Lyjler and Mr. Sydenham do prepare, and bring in, the Sydenham, Mr. Wrjl, Mr. Willes, Sir William Tonge, Sir fame. 1 7obn Rujhouti Mr. Tracy, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hay, Mr, Prowse,

Woollen A Petition of the Clothiers and Manufacturers of Mr- Clayton, Mr. Sandys, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Potter,

Trade. Woollen Cloth in the Towns of Frmt, Beckington, and Mr. Fonereau, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Cooke,

Villages adjacent, in the County of Smerjet, whose Mr. Hunter, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hobiyn,

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, Mr. Wation, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Town-Arid other the Manufacturers there, was presented to the JtnMr. Hampaen, Lord Hobart, Mr. kynajion, Mr.

House, and read; setting forth. That very large Quan- Mr. Vane senior, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Oglethorpe,

tides of Woollen Goods, particularly Broad Cloth, are Slr Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bodville, manufactured in the said Towns and Villages; and that Mr- GaM^ Mr. Barrow, Mr. Kent, Mr. Vane the Petitioners buy up and use, in the said Manufactures, Junior> Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Car-great Quantities of Fleece Wool of the Growth of this Michael, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Hales,

Kingdom; and that the Petitioners labour under great Mr. Willy, Mr. Ker, Mr. Delate, Mr. Holmes, Sir Fran-Dilhcultics from the Practices of the Growers of Wool in c*s Drake; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; that Part of the Kingdom, who use unnecessary Quanti- anc* c^c Merchants of the House: And they are to tics of Pitch, Tar, and Redding, in marking and colour- Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

ing their Sheep; all which they not only wind up in the Chamber.

Fleece, but also wind therewith inferior Wool, Dirt,

Dung, and other Refuse, whereby not only the Weight A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Bradford,&c. and Friqe are greatly encreased to the Manufacturer, but Clergy, principal Freeholders, Clothiers, and other Per- Roads, he is moreover put to great Expences in picking and Tons, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, living in and cleansing the Wool from the said Impurities; and that the near the Road leading from a Place called Rcwqfs Gate, said Growerspf Wool often artfully divide their Fleeces in in the Tything of Winjley and Parish of Bradford, in the Hall, and bind them in Two Bundles, and fell them as so County of Wilts, to and through the great Cloathing many distinCfc Fleeces, thereby insinuating to the Buyer, Town of Bradford, and from thence, over Forwood's that their Wool is of a less Growth and finer Staple, and Common and Mucbel Mead to Staverton Bridge, and consequently of greater Value than it really is, or would from Staverton Bridge aforesaid to and through HUperton, appear *0 be, if fairly made up in One; and alleging, that down Guy's Lane, and so far over Ashton Common as to the excessive Quantities of Pitch, Tar, and Redding, join the Road that leads from Steeple Ashton to Trow-now made use of by the Growers of Wool, is an en- bridge, all in the said County of Wilts (being the High Vol. 26. Road

Qualifying for Offices,

Nary Debt.

336

70 — 8° Januarii. ^.1751

Road leading from the- Cities -of Bristol and Bath to Sdltsbury, and over Winchester, Chichester, and several other considerable trading Towns); and also the Road leading from the Bridge in the said Town of Bradford to a Place called Stallards, being the High Road leading to West bury and Warminster, in the said County of Wilts, in all Eleven Miles, or thereabouts; was. presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the aforesaid Roads are in many Places, by reason of the Soil, and heavy Carriages employed in the Woollen Manufacture patting through the fame, become deep and ruinous, and in several other Parts too narrow for Carriages to pass by each other; and that other Parts of the aforesaid Roads are frequently overflowed by the River Avon, and for want of fuffifient Drains and Bridges for carrying off the Water are many times, and especially in the Winter Season, rendered impassable for Horses and Carriages, to the great Danger of Travellers, and the Loss and Injury of the Woollen Manufacturers and other Traders, by a Delay in the Carriage and Damage of their Goods: And therefore, in regard the aforesaid Roads cannot by the ordinary Means appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom for repairing the Highways, be effectually widened and repaired, unless some Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose, praying the House, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for widening, amending, and repairing, the aforesaid Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that tltey do' examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

- And iris referred to Mr. Provfe, Mr. Poore, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Willy, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Neale, Mr. Potter, Mr. Herbert, Mr. West, Mr. Shelley, Colonel Acourt, Mr. White, Mr. Fanfhaw, Mr. Popham, Mr. !Iill, Mr. Garth, Lord Barrington, Mr. Ricbardsy Mr. Sandys, Nlr. Valbot, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Metcalfe, Nit. IVilles, Mr. fVhcrnbagb, Mr. Hay, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Henley, Mr. Del we, Lord Robert Sutton, Colonel Holmes, Sir John "Hales, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Hobart, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Gybbtm, Lord Strange, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Holmes, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Feliozres, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Vane, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Barrow, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of tUe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Odices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that the Lord Dupplin, Mr. John Pitt, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Amoontof House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of De p cember 1750, to the 31st of December 1751, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die "Januarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

MR.Comptroller reported to the House, That their AnfVert* Atldrefs of Yesterday (to condole with his Ma- Ad<*«k jesty on the unfortunate Death oPthat moil virtuous and excellent Princess his Majesty’s Daughter, the Queen of Denmark), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty is pleased to return his Thanks to this House, for the Concern they have expressed for the great Loss which has happened in his. Family, by the Death of his Daughter, the Queen of Denmark.

Mr. Secretary at \Yar presented to the House, pur-ftiant to their Address to his Majesty, Li&.tu.

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines imitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1752: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for die Year 1752.

He also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1752:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unco the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1752.

And the Tides of the said Lifts and Estimates were read.

The said Lifts and Estimates are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1752, is as followed!; viz.

it

ESTIMATEfof the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1752.

¥ Per Diem. For 355 Days.

9,4.86 Out Pensioners, (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at £ d. £ d-

5 d. per Diem each 176 IC JO 62,761 O IQ

100 Letter-men at 12 d. per Diem each - 500 *>77.5 0

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - 1 3 3 41a 1 9

From which deduct, The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may} be applicable towards defraying this Expence out of the Poundage of rhe> Forces, for the Year 1752 j Remains to be granted upon Account for the Out Pensioners of Chelfen Hose) pital, for the Year 1752 War Office 8th Januay, 1752. H. Fox. 182 J9 1 64,948 14 7 6,500 0 0 58,448 14 7 Ordered\

5 Geo. II*

8b Janitar

Ordered, That the Lid Lifts and Estimates do lie uporl the Table, to be pertifed by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants* Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in or near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Highways leading from Taunton aforesaid, in the County aforesaid, through the Parishes of Taunton Sit. James, Staplegrove and Norton Fitzwarren, and Bifhcps Liddeard, to Handy Crcjs, in the Parish of Liddeard Saint Lawrence, in the Lid County; and also the Highways leading from Langford Bridge, in the said Parish of Staplegrove, through the Parishes of Norton Fitzwarren aforesaid and Heathfield, to the Town of Milverton, and to Parishes Bdrne, in Milverton aforesaid; itt the said County; and the Highways leading from the Town of Taunton, through the Parishes of West-mcnkton, Ruifiton, Thorne Faulcon, Westhatch, Hatch-beauchamp, Abbots I fie, and Broadway, to Ashill Gate, in the Parish of Ashill, in the said County; and the . Highways leading fronrt Mad docks Tree, in the Parish of Thome Faulcon, through North Curry and Tything of Stoke, and Curry Mallett, to the Red Post, in the Parish of Fivehead, in the said County; and the Highways leading from the Quakers Burying-place, in the said Parish of Wtftmcnkion, through the Parishes of Creech St. Michael, to The Green Dragon, in the Parish of Thurlcxton, in the said County; and the Highways leading from Walfofd Inn, in the said Parish of Westmonkton, to Athelney Bridge, in the Parish of Lyng, in the said CoUrity; and the Highways leading frohn Taunton through the Parishes of Wilton, and through Bishops Hull, by the Church, and the Parishes of Trull, Bradford, and West BUcklMd and Wellington, to While Ball, in the Parish of Sundferd Aru)idell, in the said Courity; and the High-mys from the New Angel in Taunton aforesaid, through the Parishes of Wilton, Trull, and Pitmifter, over Bttig-doti HilJy to’ the Beginning of Trickey Warren, in the Parish of Church 7auriton, in the County of Devon; and the HighWays' leading from the said Town of Taunton, through ther Parishes of Orchardy Portman, Stoke St. Mary, and Thurlbeary to Staple Pound, in the Parish of Staple Fitzpainey in the said County of Somerset; and the Highways leading from Taunton St. James, through the Parishes of Kingstone, to the Corner of Mr. Coles’s Wall, in the Parish of Broomfield, in the said County, and from Row Barton, in the Parish of Taunton St. James, through the Parishes of Cheddon, Fitzpaine, and Kingstone, before Heftercombe Park Gate, and from thence to the Directing Pdl beyorid Yards Barn, in the said Parish of Broomfield, ate become so ruinous and bad in the Winter Season, that the Lme cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, be sufficiently repaired and amended, without the further Assistance of Parliament: And therefore, to the end that the said Highways may be well and sufficiently repaired and amended, and kept in good and sufficient Repair, for the Safety of all his Majesty’s Subjects, whose Business requires their1 travelling through the said Highways, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such a Bill for repairing the said Highways, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Webb, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Clevland, Colonel Acourt, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Monkton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Bedford., Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Knowles, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Hay, Mr. Town-fkend, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Kent, Mr. West, M?r. Selwyn, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Paw let. Sir John Cust, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cary, Mr. Southwell, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Iloblyn, Mr. Sandyj, ML Mitchell, Mr.

VOL. $6. <.

337

Robinson, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Nor they, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Sa/usbury, Mr. Fellowes, Admiral Town-field, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Mandy, Mr. Geo. Town-field, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Carmichael; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon and Dofet: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend For Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition of the Serge Makers of Culmstock, in the Woollen County of Devon, was presented to the House, and TiatJc* read; complaining of Frauds committed by the Sellers of Wool, by winding Fleeces of Wool not sufficiently washfcd, and by winding, within Fleeces of Wool, Clay,

Lead, Stones, Dung, Sand, Tails, deceitful Locks,

Cot-gare, and many other Things, to make the Fleece the more weighty; and also by their excessive pitching and tarring their Sheep, and at such unseasonable Times in the Year, that, as far as they are pitched, the Pitch runs through the Wool, by which means it is wholly spoiled, and cannot be used in making any Cloth whatsoever; and alleging, That by the before mentioned Deceits and Frauds, which daily increase, the Petitioners continually sustain great Damage and Lodes; and that the same are so pernicious to the Serge Maker, and so prejudicial to the Woollen Manufacturers, that many are forced to leave off Business, to the undoing of themselves and Families: And therefore praying the House to inflict such

Penalty on those who shall be found guilty of such Frauds, that a final End may be put to such iniquitous Practices; and that the Action for the Recovery of the said Penalty may be tried in a furnmary Way, or in One of his Majesty's Courts of Judicature, at the Option of the Buyer; all which the Petitioners submit to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of thenilelvcs, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worded Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others. Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; are referred: And that they do exa-, mine the Matter of this Petition; and report, the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Lafcettes, of London, rcc*

Merchant, with Elizabeth Southwicke, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposea therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Mr. I?yfter, presented to the House, according to Or- Comme-der, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick William Commerell, rc^,s* &c. John Anthony Toepken, and Christian Gottlieb Moser: And Nat* the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be read a Second time.

4 R A Petition

338 8° — 9° j

t)cr.oyer’s A Petition of Philip Denoyer was presented to the

Wau House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given

to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mackworth, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 90 die 'Januarti;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752. Prayers.

Westminster H E House being ' informed. That Mr. Parry,

3 . Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St. George Hanover

Square, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, puriuant to their Order, A Paper, intituled, Return of the Amount of the Scavenger’s Rates, St. George Hanover Square, for the Year lad pall.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.-Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Snaith.&c. A Petition of the Lords of the Manor of Snaith and i^closure. Cowicky and of the Manor of Rawcliff] in the County of York, and of the Freeholders and Owners of Messuages; Cottages, Frontsteads, and Lands, and of the great and small Tythes within the Townships of Snaithy Cowick} and Rawcliffy aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto* subscribed, having Right of Common irr the several Commons and waste Grounds, within the said several Manors, was presented to the House, and read; setting ford), That the said Commons and vvafle Grounds contain together 4,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and, if they were divided and inclosed, the same would be very useful and convenient for the carrying on of Husbandry, and keeping a Stock of Cattle, and other Improvements might be made thereby, which would be very beneficial to the Parties '* concerned; and that, in order therec6, the Lords of the said Manors, and several the Owners of Messuages, Cottages, Frontlteads, and Lands, and of the great and small Tythes, within the said Townfiiips, have agreed upon and entered into certain Articles, bearing Date the 26th Day of November 1751,. for the Dividing and Allotting of the said Commons and waste Grounds to and amongst the several Owners of Mefibages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and Lands, within the said Townships, so that each Person interested rnay^ha.ve a Share or Parc thereof allotted to him or her in Severalty, agreeable to the said Articles; but that, notwftbstanding such Division and Inclosure will tend to the publick Gpod, as well as to the mutual Good of all Persons, concerned, yet the same cannot be made effectual without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Dividing and Inclosing of the said Commons and waste Grounds, pursuant ro such Articles.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Confenr, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned,'that the House may do therein as they fiialf cftfnk fit.

'artuarii. 1752.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that the Lord Downe and Mr. Comptroller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Whitehead, late of the City of Whitehe*^ Bristol, Merchant, on Behalf of himself and his Sureties* Debitor* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth* Litnvik That the Petitioner was a considerable Dealer in the Tobacco Trade, and imported large Quantities of’Tobacco into Bristol for a great Number of Years, and for the Duties thereof paid to his Majesty large Sums of Money; and that the Petitioner, having fullained great Losses in Trade, became indebted upon several Bonds given to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco, and in which the Petitioner had engaged his Two Sons, John Whitehead and Thomas Whitehead, to become bound as his Sureties; and that the Petitioner, having also become indebted to flindry other Persons, and unable to pay his Debts, a Commission of Bankruptcy issued against him; and that a considerable Sum remains due to the Crown, as appears by the Report of the proper Officer annexed to the said Petition; which Debt the Petitioner and his said "Sureties are utterly unable to discharge, but hope they shall by such Effects as they have, and by the Assistance of Friends, be able to raise some Money, in order to compound the said Debts, if they may be permitted so to do: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in to impower the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with the Petitioner and his said Sureties for the said Debt; or that the Petitioner may be otherwise relieved, as to the House fh;dl seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, resolve itfelfintoa Commitcee of the whole House, w consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Accoantof Account of all the publick Debts at the Receipt of his PublicDcba. Majesty’s Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas 1751, with the annual Interest, or ocher Charges, paid for the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, Son and Crowland Heir of Major General Robert Huntery deceased,was pre- Manor* Tented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s said Father, during the time he was Governor of New Torky was appointed by Orders and Instructiops from her late Majesty Queen Anney to provide Subsistence at certain fixed Allowances for about 3,000 Palatines sent from England to be employed in railing and manufacturing naval Scores, according to several Regulations proposed by the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations; and that upon an Account dated by Mr. Auditor Harley in 1724, from the original Vouchers, to maintain such Payments, his said Father appeared to be in advance upwards of 20,000l. in carrying on that Undertaking, which was of so great Coofcqtience to the Honour and Interest of this Kingdom, no Part whereof hath been repaid to this Day; and that the Petitioner, and his Ancestors, have been for many Years podefied of the Manor of Croivland in Lincolnshire, by renewed Leases from the Crown, under the last of which there is yet a Term.of upwards of 24 Years to come, subject to a Rent of 17 81. 15 s. 6 d. per Annum; and that this Estate, from its Situation, is liable to be destroyed by Inundations by Breach of Banks, which would be very detrimental to the rest of the Level contiguous to the same; and conflanc Care must be taken, at a vast Expence, to preserve the Mills, Banks, Drains, Guts, and Outlets, of the fagle;

10 and

L*

25 Geo. II.

9° Januarii.

33 9

Seeming

Black Lead Mines.

and that, notwithstanding these Difficulties, the Petitioner Wad or Black Cawke, commonTy called Black Lead* hath eretted several Buildings and Farm-houses on the and for puni filing the unlawful breaking and entering Premises (which he is at Liberty to remove) and must be therein, and the unlawful carrying away from thence any at further great and necessary Expences to secure this Black Lead; and that the Petitioner, and the said John Estate against all Hazards from Inundations, and to make Shepheard, may have such other Relief as to the House due Improvements thereof; all which, by reason of the shall seem meet.

Incumbrances left upon his Eftare, by means of his said Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Father’s Debt from the Publick (till remaining unpaid, the sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Petitioner cannot effr&ually perform, wichout having such Matter thereof* and report the fame, with their Opinion an Interest in the Efiateas may make it a sufficient Secu- thereupon, to the House.

ricy to anf* er such Incumbrances, and may indemnify And it is referred to Mr. Banks, Mr. Norlhey, Mr. Fel-him, and those who may claim under him, for the great lowes, Mr Webb, Mr. Lyft er, Mr. Mon ckt on , L.ord Dupplin,

Expences to be incurred, as afore let forth: And there- Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Peter

fore praying, That, in regard to the Premises, the House Warren, Mr. West, Mr. Tracy. Mr. Vyner, Mr. Robin-will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in to enable his Jon, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bathurjt, Mr. Lambe, Mr.

Majesty to grant to him, and his Heirs, the Inheritance Frowje, Mr. Henley, Mr. Chariton, Sir Richard Lloydi of this Ellate, reserving to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Mr. Frederick, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Ligonicr, Mr.

Successors, the ancient Rent; and in consideration of Hay, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fonerean, Mr. such Fine as shall be judged by his Majesty’s Surveyor Mitchell, Mr. Willes, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Salujbioy, Mr.

General robe a full Compenlacion for the reversiona;y Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Southwell, Sir Francis Pco.'e,

Value of such Inheritance, or reserving, in lieu of such Colonel Leighton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fane, Lord Strange.

Fine, a Fee-farm Rent equal thereto in Value. Mr. Geo. lownfoend, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hill, Sir Charles

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Mordaunt, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Henley, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, Walpole \ and all the Members who lerve for the Counties having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, of Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, and Wefimor-gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as land: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the

they shall think fit. Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Colleton and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring A Petition, of the Mayor or Portreeve, Freeholders, s.iltafhWater in, the fame. and Inhabitants, of the Borough and Manor of Caliington, Customs.

cistant from the River Thamar Four Miles, and from the A Petition of John Banks, of Kingston-Had, in the Borough of Saitaj/J Seven Miles, in the County of Corn-County of Dorset, Esquire, in behalf of hiir.self, and of wall, was prefemed to the House, and read; taking John Shepheard, of Betty s Town, in the Kingdom of Notice of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Ireland, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Free Burgelfes, of the Borough of Saltash, presented to setting forth. That the said John Shepheard now is. and the House for an Impost or Duty of Two Pence per Ton for some time past hath been, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be hid on all Goods loaded and unloaded in the River and that the Petitioner and his Ancestors, and the said Thamar, under a Pretence that they areata great Charge John Shepheard and his Ancestors, nave for many Years \n maintaining a Buoy at the Mouth of Cadwater, and past been seized, and the Petitioner and the said Jo - pay an annual Fee-farm Rent of Eighteen Pounds; and Shepheard now are in the actual and rightful Possession -i.i . alleging, That the said Out-goings or Expences are greatly Enjoyment of all those Mines* or Wad-holes, of . c overbalanced by the Surplus arising from the Ferry-Black Cawke, commonly called Black Lead, lying in a Boats and Oiflerage, usually set at Two hundred and very steep craggy and defoLte Mountain, and situated Thirty Pounds per Annum, and that therefore there can amongst several other Mountains of great Length and be no Occasion for any fresh Impost on that head; and Extent, in the County of Cumberland; and that no other further.alleging. That the Mailers of Vessels have Re-Person hath, or claims to have, any Right, Title, or ceipts, from the Agent or Farmer of the Borough of Sal Interest, in or to the said Mines; and that, by reason of lash, to produce for the Payment of Anchorage and Buoy-this desolate and mountainous Situation of the said Mines, age only; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that they are expoled to constant Theft and Robbery, and can- should any such additional Duty of Two Pence per Ton not be sufficiemly guarded and secured from Wafre and be imposed on Goods of all Kinds loaded or unloaded Plunderwithoutan immodcrateand exceftive Expence and in the River Thamar and Branches thereof, it will greatly Trouble; and that wicked and evil-disposed Persons have prejudice the Petitioners in their Properties and Freedom: of late Years, by reason of the said unguarded Situation of of Trade, as all their Goods, Corn, and Woollen Ma-the said Mines, and of the great Value of the Black Lead, nufa&ores, must be loaded or unloaded at some Quay or broke into, and have forcibly kept Possession of, the said Quays, Wharf or Wharfs, Supported and maintained by Mines, and have unlawfully dug and carried away great private.Persons on the said River Thamar", and will un-Quantities of the said Black Lead, and committed Waste . avoidably tend to the Decay of the Market at Caliington, in and Destruction in the said. Mines, to the great Loss and which i$ now weekly fold many Hundred Quarters of Oats,

Injury of the Petitioner, and the said John Shepheard; which are always shipped at the said Quays or Wharfs of and that notwithstanding many Prosecutions have for private Persons for London; and consequently lefien the some-Years last past, been, from time to.time, com- Revenues, and Profits of every Individual in the said menced and carried on by the Petitioner, and the said Borough and Manor of Caliington: And therefore, the John Shepheard, against such Offenders, when discovered, Petitioners being truly fenuble of the Loss that will ac-yet the same have hitherto proved ineffectual to prevent crue to the County in general, praying. That it may not the like Offences, by reason (as the Petitioner apprehends) . be passed into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have of the Smallness of the Punishment by the Laws now in such other Relief in the Premises, as to the Floufe shall being to be inflated upon such Offenders; and further seem meet.

setting forth, That the said Wad or Black Lead is of fin- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-,-gular and necessary Life in preparing and arming the Iron sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition oftthe Moulds for the Cafting of round Shot and Cannon Bails; Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, of the Borough and that such Black Lead hath hitherto been discovered in of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, is referred; And the said Mountain only in this Realm: Apd therefore that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for report the farne, with their Opinion thereupon, to the , the more effectual Securing of all Mines and Wad-holes Of House.

Vgl. 26.

Navy Debt, &c.

340

The Lord Barrington, from the commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the Houie, pursuant to their Orders*

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on j 1st December 1751: And also,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the 1 ft January

Navy Office, }

8th January 1752.3

A. 1752.

1750 and 31st December 1751, upon a Medium of each Month; dist what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter-mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1751.

Januarii.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, £s?r. supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course for Premiumsallowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31 December 1751; as also to several Bills of Exchange - -

To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf -

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men, fc?r. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off T0 Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December 17 c 1 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Courk for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea,

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

I>je for Short-allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31 December 1751 For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; m.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War and Contingencies relating to the said Service The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Eight hundred Eighty-three thousand and Twenty-two Pounds Three Shillingsand Three Pence Halfpenny - -

From whence deducting the Money in the

Treasurer’s Hands - - f - -

And also the Money that remained to come fas on the other Side;

in of the Supplies of the Year - - )

The Debt will then be One million Six hundred Seventy-five thousand Seven hundred Ninety-two Pounds Sixteen Shillingsand Seven Pence Farthing -

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between ift January 1750, and 31 December 1751 And it appears by an Account received from the Commifiipners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals fupjplied the Soldiers between ift January r]50, and 31 December 1751, amounts to -

For which Sum of £. 10,299 . 10 . 6 . no ProVifion has Bfcen made by Parliament; but if thought fit to b^ granted, as1 the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be One million Six hundred"]

Sixty-five thousand Four hundred Ninety-thrfeePouiids Six Shillings > and One Penny Farthing - - - - . - - -J

JoJ. Allin, Dan. Devert, Witt. Corbett, R. Offrfrn, FaHiiUgb'trm,

£. *. d.

416,620 14 2"

46,784 4 5

62,674 $ics

224,349 O o

68,514 4 3

269,016 1 111

417,660-----

8 9

9 8 -

2 10

7 0

18 4

6 8

8,644 JO 81

t>6S4 19 9"

G. Cfowle.

d.

818,942 8 S

704,098 to 8f

346,752 4 6

13,228 19 5 1,883,022 3 3f 207,229 6 81

i»675>792 16

10,299 10 6

1,665,493 6 tj

Mmeranium:

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

leg.

rT.

c

r*

CTn

CO

-s

Memorandum: Thece was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treafnrers of the Navy, oh the 31 1751, in Money, as onjder-npcntioned, and may be bV

reckoned towards. satis.fying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

In what Treasurer’s Hands. In Money. On . the Heads of

c 1 TOTAL.

Wear and Tear,

Ordinary and Trans- Seamen’s Wages. Victuals.

pom.

£ s. d. s. d. S* d. s. d

1 ' In Money - - - . 3,079 10 nf *»3 79 I 7 98 I S,) 18 l

William Corbett Esquire - - - < D. towards the Debt for Tick and } 4*7 9 2

hurt Seamen - - a 36 3 II r 3

Right Honourable Sir John Rujbout Baronet, In Money - - - . -D°. towards the Debt for sick and 7,816 4 H 182 J9 61 1,827 *9 8 ( 10,485 S 3i

\ hurt Seamen - - - - 658 2 O - - i

Right Honourable George Dodinglw Esquire. 1 In Money - D3. towards the Debt for sick and .6,779 7 Ji 16,610 9 Hi 201 15 5r > 35^66 s m

hurt Seamen - - . " 'rf- CO ti - 3

[ In Money- - i5>3.75 8 44>S83 3 I I 5.239 101 > 6S,c 13

Right Honourable Henry Esquire . D°. towards the Debt for fiJk and 14 III

[ hurt Seamen - - - 2,720 9i i 3

33,650 10 SI 63,544 *9 ol 7.367 H 71 108,963 4 4i

There remained, on the 31st December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1751 . -« - - - 98,206 a 3i

O'

w

O

VO

9

4*

j

9° Januarii.A. 1752.

Navy-Office, ? An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy 8ch January, 1752, J between the ift January 1750 and 31st December 1751, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service, prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 7th January 175a.

MONTHS. Seai nen. Soldiers and Marines, Part of Complement.

f Borne. Mullered. C Borne. Mullered.

January 1750 _ - - 9,686 9.415 195 178

February - - - 9,665 9,388 *95 177

March 1751 - - - - 9,781 9>368 195 181

April - - m - *0,154 9.636 194 178

May - - - - 10,055 9.5" 184 171

June - - - - 10,214 9,820 185 17*

July - - - ' " - 10,227 9>893 186 173

August - - - 10,095 9,710 186 *73

September - - - - 10,110 9,648 168 *55

October - - - - 9,868 9»5*3 168 155

November - - - - 9,658 9>3°4 16$ *55

December - - - - . " 10,153 9,759 168 *55

119,664 i»4.975 2,192 2,023

Upon a Medium - 9>972 9,581 182 168

Jof Allin, Dan. Devert, Will. Corbett, R. Ojborn, Edwd. Falkingham, G. Crowle.

Colony of Nova Scotia.

Ditto.

African

Company

Transferable

Stock.

African

Company.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of December 1750, to the 31st of October 1751.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1752.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, An Account of the Names, and Descriptions of such of the Proprietors of African Trans-ferrable Stock, as were possessed of the same on the 31st Day of December 1748, together with the Quantity of such Stock belonging to each Person, agreeable to an Account which was delivered by the said Company to a Committee, appointed by this House in the last Session of Parliament to examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the House, of the 24th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followed; viz.

ct Resolved, That the Sum of 77,874/. 15J. 9d. " may be a reasonable Compensation to be applied to the Payment of such of the Creditors of the Royal African cc Company of England, whose Claims are reported un-f< der the respective Numbers 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, of aRe-<c port laid before'this House by the Commissioners for c< examining into the Claims of the said Creditors, ap-<c pointed by, and in pursuance of, an A & of Parliament, <c patted the last Session, intituled, An Act for extending <c and improving the Trade to Africa.

*c Resolved, That the Sum of 1,119/. 3^* may

u be a feasonable Compensation, to be applied in Satis-

u faction of the Claim of John and Anthony Allutt, othen M Creditors of the said Company.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 175 A may be a reason-f< able Compensation, to be applied in Satisfaction of the <c Claim of Mr. William Newland, another Creditor of the " said Company.

<c Resolved, That the Sum of 179/. os. 6d. may be <c a reasonable Compensation to William Stead, on behalf M of Henry Collins> for all Interest due on the 20th Day of " May 1748 upon the principal Sum of 1,400l. which €< Sum of 1,400l. was due on a Bill of Exchange, drawn " by David Crichton, arid others, payable to the said Wil-<c Ham Stead for a Parcel of Rum, bought for the Use of " the Royal African Company on the Gold Coast\ and " which Sum of 179/. os. 6d. is reported under N°. 7. c< of the Report laid before this House by the Commis*

" sioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors " of the said Company.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 695/. 3/. may be a <c reasonable Compensation to be allowed on account of " the Expences of executing the Commission for examin-u ing into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal " African Company of England, and of the Allowances " the Commissioners have thought reasonable to be made " to the Officers and Servants employed by them.

cc Resolved, That the Sum of 900 /. may be a reasonable u Compensation to be allowed to the Commissioners for " their Trouble in executing the said Commission.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 100l. may be a reason-<c able Compensation to be further allowed to the Secre-<c tary and Accountant of the said Commissioners.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 23,688/. 15/. 5^. may " be a reasonable Compensation to such of the Proprietors <c of African transferable Stock, as were possessed of the " same on the 31st Day of December 1748, being 10/. <c per Cent. on the Stock so possessed by them.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 2,105/. 11s. 3d. may <c be a reasonable Compensation to such of the Proprietors <c of African transferable Stock, as have become pof-<c fefied of the same since the said 31st Day of December <c 1748, being Five per Cent. on the Stock so possessed <c. by them.

u Resolved, That the Commissioners for examining in- to the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African " Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance " of, an Act, patted last Session (intituled, An Act for

4€ extending

Woollen

Trade.

15- Geo. II. 9* — 1 343

<c extending and improving the Trade to Africa) be errn " pbwered to examine into the Ckitns of the several Persons, whose Claims are contained under N° 9. of the cc Report by them made tb this House, and into the <c Claim of Jonathan Bracebridge, as Executor of the last tc Will and Testament of Henry Turner, late Governor <c of William's Fort, at Whydah, deceased, in like manner C£ as by the said Act is directed, with respect to the u Claims of the Creditors of the said Company, and to c* report their Proceedings thereon to the Parliament with all convenient Speed,

" Refolded, That the several Sums before mentioned <c of Seventy-seven thousand Eight hundred Seventy-four c* Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence, One thousand u One hundred and Nineteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence, One hundred Seventy-five Pounds, <c One hundred Seventy-nine Pounds and Six Pence, Six " htindred Ninety-five Pounds Three Shillings, Nine u hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, Twenty-n three thousand Six hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Fif-if teen Shillings and Five Pence, and Two thousand One a hundred Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three a Pence, together with such Sums as shall be found due <K upontheClaims mentioned in the preceding Resolution, il may be a reasonable and full Compensation to be given " to the Royal African Company for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and all other Effects thereunto belonging.

*? ReJ'ohed, That the Time allowed by the said Act to w Lavid Crichton to be at large, with Stay of Execution on the Judgment given by him to William Stead, pur-ff* suant to the said Act, be further enlarged for the Space u of One Year, to be computed from the First Day of a May 1751, he giving the like Security for his Forth-4< coming as by the said Act was before directed." Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, An Account of the Names, and Descriptions of such of the Proprietors of African transferrable Stock, as have become possessed of the same since the 31st Day of December 1748, together with the Quantity of such Stock belonging to each Person, agreeable to the said Account, delivered by the said Company to the said Committee appointed by this House, in th? last Session of Parliament, to examine and state to the House the Matter of Fast contained in the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Januarii\

Anno 250 Georgii IIHi Regis, 1752.

Pkayer s.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of chemselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers, and Manufacturers of Worded Yam, Bays, and other Woollen Goods, in the ancient Town and Borough of Colchester, in the County of EJfiex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are great Quantities of Bays and other Woollen Goods made and manufactured in the said Town and borough, which are disposed of in most Parts of Great Britain, and exported to divers Places beyond the Seas, whereby great Numbers of Families are maintained and supported, and great Benefit and Advantage have accrued to the Nation in general* and that for the Working and Making up of the several Sorts of Woollen Goods above-mentioned, the Petitioners are obliged to purchase great Quantities of Fleece Wool of the Growth of divers Parts of this Vol. 26.

Kingdom; and that, for several Years past, a pernicious Practice hath prevailed amongst the Wool Growers* laying upon the Fleeces excessive Quantities of Pitch, Tar* or other markingStuff*, and a deceitful Method of wrapping up and winding within several of the Fleeces of Wool, sold to the Petitioners, not only Pieces of coarse and unmerchantable Wool, but also Cots, Dirt, and other Refuse, greatly tending to the manifest Loss of the Wool Buyers and Manufacturers, the Difreputation and Debafemenc of the Manufactures, and Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom; and alleging. That, although several Laws and Statutes have formerly been made for the true Winding of Wool, yet some of them are become obsolete, and the rest of them, by reason of the Smallness of the Penalties thereby inflicted, are ineffectual to prevent the fraudulent Winding, and pernicious Practice above-mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws now in being for the due Winding of Wool, and for preventing the pernicious Practice of laying on the Fleece exceftive Quantities of marking Stuff; or to give such Relief to the Petitioners, in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Wool-ftaplers, Dealers in Wool, and Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, in the City of London, Borough of Southwark, and other Places adjacent thereto, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are great Quantities of Wool brought in the Fleece from several Parts of the Kingdom to London and Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, and there broken and sorted into several Sorts, and sold to, and manufactured by, the Clothiers, Stuff Makers, and other Makers of Woollen Goods, in divers Parts of this Nation; and that there arc also great Quantities of Fleece Wool made up and manufactured into several Sorts of Goods, in the City of London and Parts adjacent; and that the Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, the said Fleece Wool have laboured tinder Very great Difficulties, and sustained very great Loss and Damage, by the exceftive marking and fraudulent winding thereof, whereby the Buyer has been very much deceived, in the Weight, and consequently in the Quality thereof, having frequently found, wrapped up in the Fleece, Pitch, deceitful Locks, Cots, Sand, Dirt, Dung, and other things, which by no means ought to be put therein; and alleging, That it is evident the fraudulent Winding of Wool was looked upon as a Crime of a heinous Nature long ago, from Two several Acts of Parliament, one of them made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, and the other in the Twenty-third of Henry the Eighth; which in those Times were, doubtless, looked upon as sufficient to deter Persons from so vile a Practice, but are at this time found by Experience insufficient for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fqbscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worded Yarn, Broad Cloth, Caroblets, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Villages adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petitions of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Leeds and Hallifax, in the County of York, presented to the House, complaining of the iniquitous Praftices of the Wool Growers of this Kingdom, in laying upon the Fleece excessive Quantities of injurious marking Stuffi and of winding up within the Fleece unmerchantable Wool, Dirt, and other Refuse, and praying for Relief therein; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend the several Allegations of the said Petitions from Leeds and Hallifax are true; and that the Grievances by them complained of call aloud for the Interpofttion and

Woollen

Trade.

Ditto.

Woollen

Trade.

Tower Hamlets Small Debts.

344

Aid of the Legislatiire, to prevent the pernicious Consequences to the trading Interest of this Kingdom attending the same: And therefore praying the House to give such Relief in the Prernifes, as they shall think most effectual, for preventing the Grievances before mentioned.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Mantifj&urersofWool-len Cloth, in the Towns of IVefibury, Heytsbury, and Warminster, and Villages adjacent, in the County of IVilts, Was also presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners buy up and use, in the said Manufacture, great Quantities of Fleece Wool, of the Growth of thb Kingdom; and that they labour under many and great Difficulties from the Practices of the Growers of Wool in that Part of the Kingdom, who use unnecessary Quantities of Pitch, Tar, and Redding, in marking and colouring their Sheep; all which they not only wind up in the Fleece, but also wind therewith inferior Wool, Dirt, Dung, and other Refuse; whereby nor only the Weight and Price are greatly increased to the Manufacturer, but he is moreover put to great Expences in the Picking and Cleaning of the Wool from the said Impurities; and that the exc^ [five Quantities of Pitch, Tar, and Redding, now made use of by the Growers of Woo), is an increasing Evil: And therefore praying the tloirfc to provide such Remedy, as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names; are thereunto subscribed,onthe Behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, V\ ool Staplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worded Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camlets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the Wed Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the Wed Riding of the County of York, are referred; and that they do examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition o f the Commissioners of the Court of Re-queds of the Tower Hamlets, and of sundry other Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the ACb of Parliament, passed in the Twenry-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Tower Hamlets) hath been found very beneficial to the Publick, but defective in the following Particulars; for that it is doubtful, whether there be sufficient Authority given by the said Act, to compel the Appearance of Defendants, in case they refuse or neglect to appear to the Summonses of the said Court, and to proceed to Judgment, for want thereof; and whether certain Debts and Demands are cognizable in the said Court, particularly for Rent, for Goods detained, and otherwise, and likewise as to the Time of the Commencement of the Forty Days, for which Defendants are to be committed by virtue of the said Act; and whether Defendants, taken by virtue of the Process of the said Court, may be immediately carried to Prison, or not; and whether Attornies, resident within the said Hamlets, are subject to the Process of this Court: And there being no Directions in the said Act, that the Proceedings in the said Court should be taken Notice of in other Courts, Judgments have, for want thereof, been obtained in other inferior Courts agai nft Defendants, for the same Matter which had been already recovered against them in the said Court: And further setting forth, That the necessary Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution are, notwithstanding the utmost Frugality, so large (besides the settled Payments to the Marshalsea Counfei) that the clear Profits arising to the Officers of the said Court are thereby, and from the Number of Clerks, as well as from the Smallness of the Fees, rendered very inconsiderable, and greatly deficient of the Sums by the aforesaid Act thought; L io

j. 1752;

reasonable Allowances to the said Officers for their Services: And representing to the House, That it will be ex?* pedient that the Number of Clerks may, upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any of the present Clerks, be. reduced (which the Commissioners have not Authority to, do under the present Act); and also, that in order to raile a Fund sufficient for defraying the necessary Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution, some small Addition may be made to the Fees thereby already granted, which are lower than those in any orher of the Courts of the like Nature already establiffied; and that the Table of Fees be new regulated for that Purpose: And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given r6 bring in a Bill, to explain, amend, and render the said Act more effectual;, or that the House will be pleased to give the Petitioners such other Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion, thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mt:Cooke, Sir JVm. Yonge, Sir Beauchamp Proper, M\.Salusbury, Mr. Harding e, Mr Gore, Mr. Batbwrfi, Mi. fVilkiifon, Mr. Nor they, S'wfVm'. Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bay fit un Roll, Mr. Sandy s9, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Earle, Lord Barrington, Mr. Gray, Mr., Southwell, Mr. Ker, Mr. Hay, Colont\Leighton, Mr. Bacon, t Mr. Prowse, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Colleton, Mr Erskine, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. George Townshend, Mr., Charlton, Mr. Hunter, Commodore Michell, Mr. Budgen, Nlv.'FeUowes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Talbot, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Bold, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Delme, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Sir Peter Thompson, M.r, Lyttleton, Mr. fVilles, Mr. Affleck, Mr., Charles Townshend, Mr. Bury, Mr. Richards, Mr. Gian-villi, Mr. Burrell, Sir B. IVrey, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Drake; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Essex, Hertford, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, Thar the Resolutions of ,th^ preventing House of the 23d Day of April, in the last Session of Par- Robberies, liament, might be read: &c*

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followed! i viz.

€i Resolved, That One Catife of the Increase of Thefts u and Robberies of late is an Habit of Idleness, in which " the lower People have been bred often from their Youth.

€i Resolved, That the Multitude of Places of Enter-€< tainment for the lower Sort of People is another great " Cause of that Increase, as they are thereby tempted to " spend their small Substance in riotous Pleasures; and <c in consequence are put on unlawful Methods of supply-<c ing their Wants, and renewing their Pleasures.

<c Resolved, That Gaming amongst the inferior Rank ff of People is another great Incitement to Theft and <c Robberies.

" Resolved, That the great Security and Encourage-<c ment Robbers meet with, from Receivers of ftokn Goods, is another and a principal Cause of the Increase " of Robberies.

" Resolved, That the Advertising a Reward, with no c< Questions asked, for the Return of Things which have c< been stolen, or loft, is another great and principal Cause <( of the Increase of Robberies and Felonies.

*c Resolved, That the general Licence of Pawnbrokers €€ (whose Number increases to a dangerous Height) in cc taking in all Sorts of Pawns, withoutknowing orenquir-tf ing about the Pawners, is a great Cause of Security,

<c and Encouragement to Thieves.

" Resolved, That the great Delay and Expence which M attend Prosecutions and Trials of Crimes, is a great l€ Security and Encouragement of Offenders.

c< Resolved, That there is a Want of sufficient Powers u in the Magistrates, and others, to search for, and secure, i( for-fc reasonable Time, Tufpicious Persons.

Cf Resolved,

io° jfariudrii.

25 Geo. II. 10° Janu '345

c< Resolved, That there should be a speedier and more 11 effectual Way of suppressing Disorderly Houses, than " the Laws have at present provided.

" Resolved, That it would be reasonable to exchange the u Punishment of Death, which is now inflicted for some Sorts of Offences, into some other adequate Punish-" ment.

" Rejolved\ That there are great Defects in, and Abuses of, the Houses of Correction. '

" Resolved, That it would be of Service to the Peace " of the Kingdom, to have a more expeditious Way of u proceeding in Cafes of Indictments and Preferments u of Misdemeanors.

" Resolved, That Persons breaking, or attempting to <c break, any Prison, should be made liable to some feverer Penalties.

" Resolved, That the refeuing, or attempting to refeue, €€ any Person committed by Warrant from any Magistrate, " or seized in order to be carried before a proper Magi-c strate, for an Offence against the Peace, be subjected to " some severer Punishment than can by the Laws now in " being be inflicted.

<c Resolved, That it should be in the Power of the Court, <c before whom any Felon is tried, where the Circumstances of the Prosecutor require it, to order a reasonable 4c Allowance to such Prosecutor, according to their Dif-u cretion, to be paid by the Treasurer of the County.

Resolved, That a Reward should be given for the ap-<c prehending any Person returning from Transportation, <c to be paid upon Conviction; and that the Method of <c convicting of such Offenders should be rendered more c< easy, and less Expensive."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses: And that Mr. Bathurst, the M after of the Rolls, and Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Punishment Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to give

of Felony. Power to change the Punishment of Felony, in certain Cafes, to Confinement and Hard Labour, in his Majesty’s Dock Yards: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Beck-Jord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Regulating Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Pawnbrokers, of Heads of a Bill, for the more easy Conviction of Receivers of stolen Goods, and for the Regulation of Pawnbrokers, within the Bills of Mortality.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Wm. Tonge, the Masterof the Rolls, Lord Dupplin, Lord Barrington, Sir Wm. Calvert, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Webb, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Fonereau, Colonel A court, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Thomas Fonereau, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Budgert, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Pitt, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Gage, Lord Strange, Commodore Michell, Mr. Hcb-lyn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Walpole senior, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Kent, Mr. Newnham-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Greenwich Mr. presented to the House, according to Order, Burial Vaults, a Bill,to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Raft Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to deposit Corpse in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to af-VoL. 26.

certain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame; and the same was received.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Edinburgh Council, of the City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves, City, and the Community of che said City, was presented to the House,tmd read; setting forth, That the City of Edinburgh, being the Metropolis and Seat of the Government of Scotland, was thereby subject to all the Alterations and Changes of the State, which, with its remarkable Zeal, ever fmee the Reformation, in supporting the Protestant Interest, and many other unavoidable Occasions, hnd involved it in considerable Debts, far beyond what the common Revenue of the City could discharge; and char, in order to its Relief, an Act was passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1693, giving to the said Town and Community, and to the Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, for their Use and Behoof, an Imposition of Two Pennies Sects, or One sixth of a Penny Sterling, over and above the King’s Excise, upon the Pint of all Ale and Beer, either brewed, brought in, or vended, tapped, and fold, within the said Town, Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, commencing from the First day of July 1693, not exceeding the Space of Thirty Years; and that before the Expiry cf this Grant, an Act was passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, continuing che said Duty for Nineteen Years, from and after the Expiry of the former Grant, for carrying on a Variety of publick Works, to the Benefit of the City, and that Part of the united Kingdom; and that another Act passed, in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, extending the said Duty over the Parishes of St. Cuthbert's, , Cannongate, South and North Leith, and adding Nineteen Years more to the Term granted by the Act of the Third Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, appointing the Produce of the said Gift, arising by the Duties within the City and Liberties and said Parishes of St. Cuthbert's, Cannongate,

South and North Leith, during the Space of Thirty-eight Years, from the First of July 1723, to be applied for carrying on the many great and useful publick Works that had been begun by the City, and for many other Uses and Purposes at length contained in the said Act of the Ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; and alleging,

That although the Money borrowed, in virtue of these Acts of Parliament, chargeable upon the Granr, and the Duties arising from the Grant itself, have been carefully applied in the manner directed by these Laws, at the Sight of che Overseers therein named; yet, through the remarkable Decrease of that Duty, and the pundual Performance of the many annual Prccftations with which it was charged, it will be impracticable to carry on and finish the many useful Purposes for which the Continuation of the Grant was made; and the capital Debts of the City, at the Expiration of the Gift, mud remain a Burthen far beyond what its ordinary Revenue can discharge, unless the Grant X

be continued for a further Term, or some other Provision be made by the Wisdom of che Legislature, for the Relief of the said City and Community, and carrying on the useful Purposes at length recited in the Act of the Ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and allow a Bill to be brought in for adding to the current Term a Continuation of the said Grant, for executing and completing such of the Purposes of che said Grant, as remain unfinished; or that the Petitioners may beotherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Ker, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. SaluJ-bury, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Tracy,

Mr. Erskine, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wation, Sir Lud.

Grant, Mr, Burrell, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Fletcher, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Webb, Admiral Vernon, Mr, Charlton, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Gray, Mr.

4 T Sydenham,

34& i °° — 13°

Sydenham, Colonel Holmes, Colonel A court) Colonel Stan-vuix, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Grenville, Lord Gage, Lord Strange, Commodore Mitchell', Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Hor. Walpole fcnior, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Carmichael, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Belcbier, lMr. Burrell, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Kent; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

j. 1752.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevca-night, rcfblve itself into the said Committee,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 130 die januarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIJl Regis, 1752.

Taunton

Roads.

Ways and Means.

Mr. Webb reported from the Committee, to whom the Prayers.

Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Gentlemen, Clergy, JORederick William Commerell, John Anthony 'Toepken, and Freeholders, residing in and near the Town of Taunton, and Christian Gottlieb Mojer, took the Oaths ap-in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto pointed, in order to their Naturalization, subscribed, was referred 5 That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions and had directed The Lord Dupplin (from the Commissioners for Trade Colony of him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the and Plantations) prefcnred to the House, pursuant to their Nova Scow. House j and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Orders, an Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Ma-fame was read . jesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of December

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for 1750, to the 31st October, 1751: And also, amending the several Roads leading from the Town of An Estimate of the Charges of supporting and main-Taunton, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Webb, taining the Settlement; of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Scotia, for the Year 1752.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were The Order of the Day being read, for the House to read, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to The laid Account is preserved amongst the other conGder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Papers of this Sclfton: And the Abstract thereof, and granted to his Majesty j also the said Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

Aar

Cri

D

An ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, from the id December 17 jo, to

31st of October 1751.

,he Q

_ M

d. o

4

61

To Calli, paid Chauncey 'Tcivnfend Esquire, on Account of his Contract for victualling the Settlers -To Ditto, paid IVm. Baker Elijuire, on Account of victualling the Troops -

To Ditto, paid the Expence of Freight, Victualling, and Accommodation of 1,004 Foreign Pro-tcstants, and Money advanced on their Embarkation, to be repaid by their Labour in the Colony, at 12 d. per Man per Diem -

To Ditto, paid for Shovels, Spades, Nails, Iron Ware, Shoes, and Military Stores, for the Use of the Settlers -

To Ditto, paid Mr. Hincbdwood, on Account of his Salary -

To Ditto, paid Mr. Davidson, Secretary of the Province -

To Ditto, paid Chauncey 'Townshend Esquire, in further Part of Provisions supplied the Settlers ditto, paid Wm. Baker Esquire, in further Part of Provisions -

To Calli, paid on Account of Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers ..

----- For Salaries and Allowances to the Surgeons, Apothecaries, and Midwife

----- For Subsistence, and other Charges attending the Independent Companies

----- For Hire, Portlidge Bills, and other Expences attending the Sloops and other Vessels in

the Service of the Colony -

— ----- For Stores, Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government

----- For Wages of Artificers and Labourers employed in the publick Works, and other Expences incidental thereto

For Bills of Exchange drawn by Governor Cornwallis, on Account of the Expedition to

Chigncfto, and to defray the current Expence of the Colony the particular Charges whereof will be accounted for as they are adjusted and paid -

To his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, for Wages of Officers, and Materials supplied for the Use of the Colony

— ----- To Chauncey Hownfend Esquire, in full for victualling the Setders

£ s. d.

8,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

5*944 9 9

481 5 10

40 0 0

719 0 0

4>5°° 0 0

9*177 4 5

2,176 9 3

>*'35 11 10

654 10 0

529 18 6

5,201 *9 S

>2,477 H 2?

>4*3'9 2 6

2.425 18 2

1,187 10 0

74*97° >3 IO*

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1751 ExceediDgs -

S3>927 14

21,042 19

74,970 13 lOf

o


Errors excepted. January i^tb, 1752.

at

ChriJ, Kilby, Agent to his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia.

U»

130 Janu.

A. 1752.

An E S TI M A T E of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Ntvm

Scotia, for the Year 1752.

To Victualling 1,500 Settlers, for 12 Months, afeer the Rate of 4\d. per Person per Diem To Afd. per Man per Diem, to the Non-Commission Officers, and private Men, of Colonel Cornwallis's and Colonel Warburtoris Regiments of Foot, confiding of 1,562 Men, to replace to them a Deduction of so much, made from their Pay, for Provisions -

To Victualling Colonel Lascelles's Regiments of Foot, confiding of 404 Commission and Non-commission Officers, and private Men, and Two Companies of Rangers, confiding of 150 Men, being 554 Men, at 6 d. per Man per Diem -

To an Allowance of 1 /. 1 s. od. to each, of 500 foreign Protestants, in Alleviation of their Freight To the Pay of Captain Gorham's Company of Rangers, confiding of 100 Men, for 12 Months -To the Pay of Captain Clapbam's Company of Rangers, confiding of 50 Men, for 12 Months -To the Hire, Seamen's Wages, and Repairs, and other Expences of Sloops, and other small Vessels, employed in the Service of the Colony - -

To the Salaries of Civil Officers, Surveyors, &c, -

To the Pay of 3 Surgeons, at 10s. 3 Mates at 5 s. and Midwife at 50/. a Year -To Materials and Tools for the Settlers, the Wages of Artificers and Labourers, and other incidental Expences attending the carrying on and completing the publick Works -

i. JL

10,265 12 6

9,502 3 4

5 >°S5 5 0

52S 0 0

1,500 0 0

750 0 0

2,000 0 0

1,980 *5 0

871 5 0

8,000 0 0

40,450 o 10

Ordered, That the said Account and Edimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Shephards The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to Shord, 8cc. whom the Bill to continue, and make more effectual, an Roads. Ad, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majtdy, for repairing the Highways between Shephards Sherd and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Peruke- A Petition of the Master, Governors, and Commonalty

makers and of the Mystery of Barbers of London, and of the Peruke-Barbers Com- makers, inhabiting in, and within Seven Miles of, the said pany‘ City, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth (intituled, An Act for Barbers and Surgeons) the Barbers and Surgeons of London were united and made one Body Corporate, for ever, by the Name of the Mailers or Governors of the Mystery and Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons of London; and that, by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Union was difiblved; and the Petitioners, the said Master, Governors and Commonalty, were made a new and distinct Corporation; but, by the Separation of the Surgeons, are in danger of being unable to support themselves > and that the Petitioners, who exercise the Art of Peruke-making, in the Liberties and Neighbourhood of the said City, are not a Body Corporate, nor under any Order or Regulation; for want whereof, great Frauds are practised in the said Manufacture, to the Discouragement of the fair Trader, and manifest Injury of the Consumer:

And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given for the bringing in a Bill for incorporating the Peruke-makers, as well within as without the Libertiesof the City of London, and within such Distance thereof as the House shall think fit, with the said other Petitioners, die Master, Governors, and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Barbers of London, in such Manner, and under such Limitations, for regulating the said Art of Peruke-making, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coji-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. West, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Hunter, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Ker, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.^?eckt Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vo non, Mr.

Tracy, Lord Bateman, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Nor they. Sir Francis Drake, Sir Walter Blackett, Wir. Campbell, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Dow-dejwell, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Delavall, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Glanville, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Southwell', Mr.

White, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Potter, Lord Strange, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Henley, Mr. Saunders,

Lord Downe, Mr. Carmichael, Lord Harry Powlet t,' Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pelhamt Mr. Laroche, Colonel Monckton, Mr. Attorney General,

Colonel Haldane, Mr. Buller; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That Mr. Lloyd, Deputy ArmyExtn to the Secretary at War, attended at the Door; ordioarics.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1751, not provided for by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

L.

25 Geo. IL

i 30 Januariu

149

An ACCOUNT of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1751, not provided for by Parliament.

£. s. d.

To Major Caulfield, for the Expences of carrying on the new Roads in North Britain - 3,466 9 8

To Ditto, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges - 500 o o

To Captain David Wation, Deputy Quarter Master General in North Britain, to complete his Expences in surveying the Highlands, from 25 December 1749, to 24 December 1750 - - - . -176 6

To him in Advance, for carrying on the same Service, Anno 1751 - 900 o

To his extraordinary Pay, as Deputy Quarter Master in North Britain, from 25 De-

cember 1749, to 24 December 1750 - - - 9*5

To the Pay of his Assistants, for that Time ----- 146 0

To Mr. Dundajsy for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary of Stores in North Britain -To Mr. Robert Gardiner, for Firing, Bedding, and Bread Waggons, to several In-campments in Scotland, Anno 1750, and for One Year’s Allowance to Four travelling PofL, between the Head Quarters - -

To Ditto, for One Year’s Fire and Candle, and other Services of the Forces in the Garrisons of Fort William an I Ca file Duart, to 24 December J 750

997

759

o 6 8 6

To One Year’s Fire and Candle furnished by the Barrack Master General in North Britain, to several Garrisons in the Highlands, to 24 December iJ$o To General Churchill, for so much expended for his Majesty’s Service in North Britain, for the Year 1750 and t751 -

To satisfying the Contractors fjr supplying the Forces in Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the Sixpence^* Man per Week, stopt from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuant to Conn h i -

To his Majesty’s Proportion of the Expence of Coals furniftted to the Garrison of Gibraltar -

To Thomas Revell Esquire Contractor for victualling Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, tocomplete that Service, as well for Victualing as for Insurance, and all incidental Charges, to the 15 December 1751 To James Montrafor Esquire, Chief Engineer at Gibraltar, for Repairs to the victualing Store-houses there -

To Governor Trdawney, for so much disbursed by him in carrying on a Settlement on the Mujqiteto Shore and for Presents to Indians -To Lieutenant Colonel Caulfield,. for contingent Expences, disbursed by him at Rattan, from 25 "June 1746, to 30 November 1749, WJhen it was evacuated -To the Difference of Pay, between the Engiish and Irish Establishment, of Colonel Lascelles's Regiment of Foot, from 25 December 1750, to 24 December 1751, both inclusive -

To the deficient Off-reckonings of the reduced Men of Sir William Pepperrell's Regiment, from 25 December 1747, to 24 June 1748 To complete the Alignment of the Off-rekonings of the said Regiment, from i< May 1749 exclusive, the Day of their Difbandment, to 24 June 1749 inclusive, the Expiration of the Aifigr.ment -

To the deficient Off-reckonings of the reduced Men of Colonel Shirley's Regiment, from 25 December 1747, 1024 June 1748 To complete the Alignment of the Off reckonings of the said Regiment, from 25 May 1749 exclusive, the Day of their Difbandment, to i\June 1749 inclusive, the Expiration of the Assignment - -

To Grass Money to Sir Robert Rich's Dragoons -

To Ditto, to General Cholmondeley's Dragoons -

To Ditto, to Sir Charles Howard’s Dragoons -To Ditto, to Lord Rothes's Dragoons -

To Mr. Vereifi, for Boat Service, ific. to the Three Independent Companies in South Carolina and Georgia, between the 3d of September 1749, and the 27th of November following -

To Ditto for the like Service, from 28 November 1749, to the 27 February *75o-i ——

Total - -

War Office, 13th Day of January 1752.

By Direction of the Right Honourable Henry Fox, his Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Edward Lloyd, Deputy.

L *

3,$66 9 8

408 6 0 7

238 1 10

409 0 7

184 10 4

236 5

236 5 0

236 5 0

236 5 0

n4 / 10 8

377 r6 2

1,30 11 182 10

1,756 9 6

Soo 15 1

584 o a

2,27 500 650 18 o

3,886 o 2 1,410 2 2

1,263 9 11

604 3 11

1,043 5 IO'

646 2 5

592 10 11

945

o o

492 6 \o

22,412 15 1

Vol. 26.

4u

Ordered'

35° 13° Januarii%A. 1752.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

African The House being informed, That the Commissioners Company, for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England\ attended at the Door;

They were called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, The further Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed and in pursuance of, an Act of the a$d Year of his present Majest/s Reign (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to inquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company, therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton, and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effe£ls, as are therein mentioned; and for flaying all Suits for Money due from, or on the

Account of, the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned.

And then they withdrew.

Aryl the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sessionr

The House being informed, That Mr. Bowen, from Acctunt of the Treasury, attended at the Door; Dispositionoi

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Granu* House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1751 hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the nth Day of January 1752, and the several Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.


M

9z ioA

<1

o

O

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Servfce of the Year 1751 hath been disposed ofi distinguished under the several Heads, until the nth Day of January 1752, and ° the several Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof

ci \

U

a

cs x

c

SERVICES.

For the Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Vi&ualing thereof, for 8,000 Men, beginning the ift January 17 50-1.

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and Half pay -

Towards the Building and Rebuilding, and Repairs of his Majesty’s Navy, in the Year 1751 Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

Towards paying off and discharging such Parc of the Debt of the Navy, as is due on the Head of Wages - - ....

For Sea Service - - "

For Land Service, the Sum voted was 109,150/. 8 s. 8 d. 5 but there being a Saving on that Head, by Vacancies of the Polls of the Matter General, Secretary, Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Matter General and Chief Engineer, amounting to 2,4261. 12s. 6 d. that Sum is dedu&ed, and no more charged than -

For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of 18,857 effective Men for Guards and Garrisons, &V. for the Service of the Year 1751 - - - ’ -

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1751

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, forihe Year 17 j 1 -Upon Account for the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forcesand Marines, for the Year 1751 Upon Account for Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1751 - v -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1751 For Pensions, for the Year 1751, to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines To defray the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and ocher Services, incurred in the Year 1750, and not provided for by Parliament -To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to T reaty ——

Sums granted.

s. d

395,200 0 0

290,302 7 10

140,257 0 0

10,000 0 0

200,000 0 0

20,800 0 0

106,723 16 2

1,69914 5

612,315 7 11

236 420 18 6f

16,000 0 0

64,000 0 0

62,567 2 6

4.747 l5 10

3>3»° 0 0

47,984 14 3

30,000 0 0

Total granted.

s. d.

l>°35>759 7 10

129,223, 10 7

r>°77*345

lifted.

s. d.

946,963 5 6i

129,223 10 7

974,721 o 8|

Remaining.

cL-

88,796 2 31

102,624 ij 4

o

W

o

o


00

tn

D

cq'

i\i'

cr

o

o

<3

Upon Account of transporting to Nova Scofiay and supporcing and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and private Men, dismissed his Majesty’s Land and Sea Service, and other his Majesty’s Subjects feet Jed there; Anno 1749, and supporting and maintaining the Settlement there, in the Year 1750, not provided for by Parliament -

kUpon Account, for supporting and maintaining his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1751

c

p

to

bJD

1

rTo make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1750 -

-The like Sum, paid thereout, for One Year’s Interest, due thereon at Michaelmas 1751, for the Duties on Salt, continued Anno 1745 -

The like Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1749 - - - . -

The like Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1750 - -

The like Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of 12 s. a Barrel on Sweets at Michaelmas 1750

The like Sum, paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer 1750 - -

The like Sum, paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1750- -

The like Sum, paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency at Michaelmas 1750, upon the Subsidy of Poundage, finee iff of March 1747 - - - '

The like Sum, paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Rates and Duties upon Houses I I and Window Lights, at Michaelmas 1750 - -

I To make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Malt 1749. at Lady day 1751 LTo make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1749, at Michaelmas 1751

1 —

<u

co

» —

T3

C

P

CO

"Paid Persons for their LofTes by the Infectious Distemper amongst: the Horned Cattle Towards Support of the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, in such manner as his Majesty shall think proper ——

Towards laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a.Road proper for the Passage of Troops, between , Carlisle and Newcastle upon Tyne -

Towards defraying extraordinary Expences of the Mint (beyond the limited Sum) pursuant to Act of Parliament, 190 Georgii zdl -

For Rewards to the Managers of the Lottery, for their Care and Pains, and for Incidents relating to the drawing the fame; and for making out and delivering Certificates; as also to the Receivers I of the Contributions to the Lottery and Annuities - -

3

Go

Sums granted. Total granted. Ifiued. Remaining.

£ *. d. d. j£. ' d. jr. s. d.

57,58a x9 3i

55>927 14 4 111,510 >3 111,510 13 tm X

65,797 8 7x 7x

Hi

35,000 0 0

6,461 I I.

7,83b 17 I

12 >53+ 2 or

4,59216 9 -

30,422 6 3

42>S59 12 7£

70,097 14 8

74,482 19 3i

147,487 0 6i- 497)3*5 >9 0 X 480,809 I4 f X >6,506 5 2*

3x

- - 23)9°4 3 0 23>9°4 3 0

- - 10,000 0 0 10,000 0 0

- 3,000 0 0 3,000 0 €

- - 3,000 0 0 3,000 0 0

- - >3,6 91 12 I 13,691 12 1

2>9°4»75* 5 2,696,823 19 7 i

130 Januariu 1752.

Ordered\

o

r

o\

C

‘5

a

c

*T3

JS

S

*5

a

o

To pay off and discharge the following Annuities at the South Sea House, the Exchequer, and the Bank of England, unfubferibed on the 30th May 1750; viz,

pTo pay off and discharge the unfubferibed Annuities, commonly called Old £. s. d.

South Sea Annuities ----- 1,146,829 14 10

To pay off the unfubferibed Annuities, called the New South Sea Annuities 1,030,063 16 9

To pay off and discharge the unfubferibed Annuities on the Duties on wrought Plate, payable at the Receipt of Exchequer - /

To pay off and discharge the Annuities of the Year 1746, payable at the Bank

To pay off and discharge the Annuities of the Year 1747, payable at Ditto

To pay off and discharge the Annuities on the Lottery 1747, payable at Ditto To pay off and discharge the Annuities of the Year 1748, payable at Ditto

, To pay off and discharge the Annuities of the Year 1749, payable at Ditto

Sums granted.


71 \

£ s. d.

2,276,893 II 7

182,250 0 0

*75.571 6 1

210,634 x5 0

70,723 9 6

*b9>9 93 1 9

*°3»975 12 2

jr. s. d

750.000 -

L 5 00,000-----

2,100,000-----

600.000 -

1,190,041 16 1

The Grants towards supplying the said Services.

By the Malt Duties, continued for the Year 1751 By Three Shillings per Lihram on Land, £s?c. 1751 By Contributions to Annuities and a Lottery.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

By Exchequer Bills.

the Land Tax Of Contributions to Annuities

And then the Deficiency of the Grants will be

Total granted. Ifiued. Remaining,

£- * d. £ d. £% /. d

- 3,290,041 16 1 3,290,041 16 1

194»7 93 5,986,865 15 207,927 5 9i

of Exchequer Bills on 130,278 3 0 22,897 17 4* } 153,17^ ©

6,140,041 16 1

54,75* 5

6>* 94,793 6

o

ft

o

o

__________I

54,751 5 Si §

— r*:

This Account, dated in Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, upon an Address of this Honourable House, is humbly presented this 13th Day of January 1752, by

Thomas Bowen,

Oi

554 130 Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufcd by the Members of the House.

WestmiDfter The House being informed, That Mr. Hooper, Vestry Scavengers Clerk of the Parish of St. Arme Westminster, attended at Ratcs‘ the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Paper, intituled. Return of the Amount of the Scavengers Races for the several Divisions of the Parish of St. Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster, for the Year 1750.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Greenwich A Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of East BuralVaults. Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to deposit Corps in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to asceriain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fremeaux’a A Petition of James Fremeaux was presented to the Natf House, and read: Praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Ellis, and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Geledneki’s A Petition of Christian Samuel Geledneki was presented " at# to the House, and read: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hay and Mr. Brooksbank do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Warminster, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the See. Road. 3;own of Warminster, in the County of IVilts, to the City of Batby in the County of Somerset-, and also the Road from the Town of Fromey in the said County of Somerset to the Town of Beckington, in the same County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Sandysy Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Lyjtery Sir Wm. Calverty Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Colletony Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gajhry, Sir John Rujhouty Mr. Bacon, Lord Strangey Mr. Townshend, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Tor key Mr. South-welly Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Hoblyny Mr. Huntery Mr. Mitcbelly Mr. Bayntun Rulty Mr. Jenynsy Mr. Nugent,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Hillsborough, Lord Barrington, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Palmcry Mr. Northey, Mr. Popham, Mr. Garth, Mr. '

\ Lowndes, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Darner, Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. Beckford, Mr. Gorey Commodore Micbell, Mr. Bury, Sir Charles M or daunt, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Potter, Sir Thomas Robinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hants, Wilts, Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hevtefbury Colonel Acourt reported from the Committee, to whom and Knook the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other In-Road. habitants, of the several Parishes of Heytesbury and Knook,

in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame,#as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and is as followech j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Janus Frampton Esquire said. He knows the Road

leading from Heytesbury to the Top of Hill, which

is in a very ruinous Condition, occasioned by the great Number of heavy Carriages that have pasted thereon since the Commencement of an Act, passed in the ijrh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts

Then a Clause in the said Act was read, whereby it appeared, That the Trustees thereby appointed, were authorized to layout such Sums of Money as they thought proper, arising by the Tolls thereby granted, in the Repair of the aforesaid Road from Heytesbury to the Top of Anjirow Hill.

And Mr. Frampton further informed your Committee, That no Money had ever been laid out by the said Trustees in Repair of the said Road.

Mr. John Everley said, He has known the said Road about Fifty Years, and that there never used to be any Pound Rate collected for the Repair thereof till the Commencement of the aforesaid Act; but that, since that Time, they have been obliged to make a Rate of sometimes Six Pence, and sometimes Nine Pence, in the Poundand that the said Road cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairingand widening the Road from the Town of tVirminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset-, and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington, in the same County; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision therein, to compel the Trustees appointed by, or in pursuance of, Two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of in the County of Wilts) and the other made in the 16th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act) ro amend the Road leading from the East End of the Parish of Heytesbury to the Top of Anftrow Hill,in the Parish of Knook, in the said County of Wilts.

1

A Petition of William Woilaston Esquire, Lord of the Narboroogh Manor of Narborow, other wise Narborough, in the Inclosure. County of Leicester, and Patron of the Advowson of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Narborow aforesaid,

Thomas Metcalf, Re<for of the said Church, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the common Fields and common Meadows of and belonging to the Parish of Narborow aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth> That there are several common Fields and common Meadows, in the Parish of Narbor aw aforesaid, wherein the respective Properties of the Petitioners, and others, lie dispersed in small Parcels, which are thereby rendered of little Value to the respective Proprietors, and incapalde of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous the said common Fields and common Meadows may be divided, and inclosed, by Commissioners in that behalf to beappointed; and that the several Shares and Allotments may be laid out and disposed as commodiously as pofrible for the Parries interested, and may be held in Severalty for such Estates and Interests as they now respectively hold in the said common Fields and Meadows; and that a Recompence may be made to the Petitioner, the Re<for of the said Parish, and his Successors for ever, in lieu of all Tythes arising within the said common Fields and Meadows; but that such Division and Inclosure, and Recompence, cannot be effectually established and made without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the

House

25 Geo. II.

130 Januarii.

355

Woollen

Twde.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Glanville, Mr. Ellis, and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers of the several Towns of Castle Heddtngham, Sibble Heddingham, and Halfted, in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers, and Staplers, in the Town of Huntingdon, St. Ives, St. Neotts, and Kim-bolton, in the County of Huntingdon, on the Behalf of themselves and many others: And also,

A Petition of the several Manufacturers in the County of Suffolk, who consume very large Quantities of Fleece Wool in the making of Worsted Yarn, Says, and other Woollen Goods: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, German Serge-Makers, Wool-ftaplers, and other Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, Wool-ftaplers, Wool-combers, Stuff-makers, fftc. in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, and Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the several Clothiers, Wool-ftaplers, Shalloon and Callimanco-Makers, and Workers of other Woollen Goods, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, in the Town and Parities of Bradford, Birftal, Reighley, Guijley, Culver ley, and Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

Were severally presented to the House, and read 5 severally complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the marking or branding of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers, of Worsted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the W~eft Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; are referred; who were ordered to examine the Matter of these Petitions, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Westminster A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Coun-House. City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Justices of the Peace of the said City and Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Justices have, for many Years, held their Sessions at the Town Court House, near Westminster-hall, upon Sufferance only, and paying for the life of the fame, and are liable at any time to be deprived thereof; and that the said Court House is very close, small, and inconvenient, and always very dark, but now made more lb by reason of feme additional Buildings, lately erected for the Conveniency of this House; and that, from the Heat of the Place in Summer, and the Stench of a common Sewer running under it, and the Dampness thereof in the W inter Season, occasioned by the Lowness of its Situation, as well as its being often affected by Spring Tides, the said Court House is rendered very unwholesome at all Seasons of the Year, and the Meanness of its Appearance tends greatly to abate of that Obedience and Kespect, which ought to be shewn to his Majesty’s Commission; and that it being necessary, upon every Gaol Delivery, to bring a great Number of Prisoners into Court from the Prifcns of the Vol. 26.

Gate-house and Bridewell, who, in the present Court House, (land so near to the Bench, as to endanger the Petitioners catching the infectious Diseases which often rage in those Prisons; thereby, and by the constant unwhole-fomeness of the Place, many Gentlemen in the Commission of the Peace are intimidated from attending their Duty; and that, were a commodious Court House ereCfed on a convenient and airy Spot of Ground, within the said City, where the Petitioners, and the rest of the Justices might aficmble, without Risque or Danger of their Health or Lives, it would encourage their Attendance in Discharge of the Duty they owe to their King and Country, and thereby not only support the Honour and Dignity due to his Majesty’s Commission, but also tend greatly to expedite Justice, and promote the Peace, Ease, and Safety, of his Majesty’s faithful and loyal Subjects within this great and flourishing City and Liberty: And therefore, in regard such Court House cannot be erected with-, out the Aid of an Act of Parliament, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court House for the Use of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, at the Expence of the Inhabitants thereof; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief and Assistance as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City and Westminster Liberty of Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and the Court-House. rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Town Court House, near Westminster-hall, where his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace have, for many Years, held their Sessions, is small, inconvenient, and dark; and, from the Heat thereof in the Summer, and the Stench of a common Sewer under it, and the Dampness thereof in Winter, occasioned by the Lowness of its Situation, as well as its being often affected by Spring Tides, is rendered very unwholesome at all Seasons of the Years and that a great Number of the Petitioners are, from time to time, lummoned to attend upon Juries for the T rying of Offences or Finding of Bills at such Sessions, and from the Inconveniencies of the Court, and the want of a proper Place for the Petitioners to withdraw into, for considering of their Presentments, Bills, and Verdicts, a great Delay of Justice has frequently happened; and that the Petitioners, for the Convenience and Safety of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, are willing and desirous to raise a Sum of Money, by an equal Pound Rate upon themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, for the purchasing or hiring a Piece of Ground, and erecting, finishing, and supporting, a new Court House, with necessary and convenient Apartments, for the more safe, easy, and regular Dispatch of BuGness: And therefore, in regard the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purchasing or hiring a Piece of Ground, and erecting, fitting up, and supporting such Court House, at the Expence of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, for the Reception of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and others, attending their Duty at the Sessions of the Peace aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

And they are referred to Sir Deter Warren, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Cust, Mr. Northey, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Hay, Sir John Rufhout, Lord Dnpplin, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Thornton,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Phillipfon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Monck-ton, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Carmichael, Lord Barrington,

Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Powlet,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Vyner, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Yorke,

Mr,

35 6 130 Januarii. A. 1752.

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Paimer, Mr. Prowse, Mr. West* General Oglethorpe, Lord Bateman, Mr. Pottery Mr. Kent, Mr. Tracy, Mr. /#//, Mr Fellowes, Mr. Ker, Mr. Hardinge, Sir /Fw. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bathurfty Mr. S/a/tfr, Mr. Colleton, Admiral Sir hud. Grant, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Garth, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Clayton, Sir William Irhy, Colonel Acourty Mr. Pollen, Mr. Gray; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s' Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bromyard A Petition of several Gentlemen and Inhabitants, and Roads, other Persons, living in the Town and Parish of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and also of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of and for the said County, and other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying near to the said Town and Parish of Bromyard, and many other Persons who frequently travel through the Roads to and from the said Town of Bromyard, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the several Roads, hereafter particularly mentioned, that is to say, from the said Town of Bromyard to a Place called The Half-way Ash, in the Parish of Docklow, being Four Miles or thereabouts, and to a Place called Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Whitburn, being Four Miles or thereabouts, and to a Place called Perry Bridge, in the Parish of Stoke Bliss, being Four Miles or thereabouts, and to a Place called Sapey Wood, in the Parish of Upper Sapey, being Four Miles or thereabouts, and to a Place called Bishop's Froome, being Three Miles or thereabouts, and to a Place called Wooferwood Gate, in the said Parish of Bromyard, being Two Miles or thereabouts, and to a Place called Herefordshire Lake, in the said Parish of Bromyard, being Three Miles or thereabouts, by reason of the Soil thereof, and the heavy Carriages passing through the fame, are become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are impafiable for Waggons and Carriages, and also for Horses laden, and other Parts are dangerous for Travellers; which said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, be repaired: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Bateman, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Barrington, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Hay, Mr. Affleck, Mr. West, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lyfler, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Fel-lowes, Lord Hobart, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Peter Warren, Sir Francis Drake, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Vyner, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Benson, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ellis, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Garth, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Powlett. Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Potter, Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Saunders, Colonel Acouri, Mr. Kent, Mr. Edgcumbe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Worcester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lewes A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Roads. Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sussex, and the several Persons usually travelling the Road from London to Lewes, in the said County, and from Lewes to a

W

Place called The Broil Park Gate, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Roads from the North End of Mailing-Street, near the said Town of Lewes, through the several Parishes of South Mailing, Ringmer, and Little Horfted, to Uckfield, about Eight Miles in Length, and from the same Place to The Broil Park Gate, about Three Miles in Length, and from Ofsham, otherwise Wagham, to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parish of Fletching, through the several Parishes of Ilamfey, Saint Johns under the Castle of Lewes, and Chayleyf about Eight Miles in Length, are in so bad a Condition, that they are unpastable for Wheel Carriages in Winter, and very dangerous and difficult for Passengers on Horse-back; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads lead, are incapable, by the ordinary Courses directed by Law, effectually to repair the fame; and that the making of the said Roads safe and commodious would be of great Convenience to the adjacent Country, and of general Advantage; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Nor they,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sloper,

Mr. Webb, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Potter, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bofcawen,

Mr. Watson, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bury, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Richards, Mr. Delaval, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Thornton, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Farringdon, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Lodovic Grant,

Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Hoblyn, Colonel A court, Mr. Delme, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Garth,

Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Townshend$ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent,

Suffix, and Surrey, and the Cinque Ports: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Frederick William Commerell, Omm John Anthony Toepken, and Christian Gottlieb Moser, was &<Cm read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hay, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mitchell, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Tonge, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Tracy. Colonel Acourt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Edwin, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Beckford,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Benson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr, Amy and, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Locke, Mr. Godolphin, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Hobart, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Bayntun Ro.t, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Dowdeswell,

Mr. Willes, Mr. Thornhaugh, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Montagu, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. bio a inf on, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kent, Mr. Buirell, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Thomas Hales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lyster presented to the House (according to Order) Dei a Bill for naturalizing Philip Denoyer: And the farpe was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the m Mystery of Mercers of the City of London was presented Co, to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Ma->

*3 — 14 Januarit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock:’

25 Geo. II.

jesty (intituled, An Act for explaining and amending aii Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his ,prdeat Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors, were impowered, at any time alter the First Day of June 1751, to make or grant One or more Lease or Leases of all or any Part of the Manor of Mercerin the said Act mentioned, with the Farms* Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all and every the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances* thereto belonging, and of all other the Lands, Teaemenes, and Hereditaments, of and belonging to the said Company, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to such Person or Persons as they (houlti chink fit; such Lease or Leases to commence, and to take Effect, from and immediately after the Expiration, or other Determination, of any former Leases theretofore thereof granted by the said Company, and then unexpired, and to endure and continue from thenceforth for and during, and unto the full End and Term oft Sixty-one Years; or to commence and take Effect from and immediately after the Expiration, or other Determination, of any Lease or Leases theretofore thereof granted by the said Company, and then unexpired; or tso endure and continue from thenceforth for and during the natuial Lives of such Three Persons as should, at the Time of making such jaft-mentioned Lease or Leases respectively, be named by the respective Lessee or Lessees thereof, and be inserted in the said Lease or Leases for that Purpose, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, and from and immediately after the Decease of the Survivor of such of the said Three Persons, further to endure and continue for and during, and unto the full End and Term of Sixty-one Years, to be computed from such the Expiration or Determination of the Term or Terms for which the same Premises were then leased out, as aforesaid; by which said Act power was meant and intended (among other Things) to be given to the said Wardens and Commonalty to make or grant a Lease or Leases, in manner mentioned therein, of the said Manor of Mercers, and other Lands and Premises in Ireland, in the said Act mentioned to commence and cake Effect, as in the said Act is mentioned, and to endure and continue for Three Lives, and further to endure and continue for Sixty-one Years, in manner as is more fully contained and expressed in the said Act; but that, in that Part of the said recited Clause, whereby Power was intended to be given to the said Wardens and Commonalty to make such Leases to endure for Three Lives as aforesaid, the Word " or/* now (landing the re between the Words <c and now unexpired" and the Words " to endure and continue from thenceforth for " and during the natural Lives of such Three Persons," was then inserted by Mistake instead of the Word<c and;" byreason whereof it is doubtful, whether by the said Act the Petitioners are authorized to make such Lease or Leases of their said Estates, as by the said Act was intended, unless the same is amended in that respect: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to* rectify the said Mistake in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Nor they, and Mr. Lyjler, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Vol. 26.

Martis, i/f dieJariuarii\

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

MR. Colleton presented to the House according to CrowJand Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty' togranc thp Manor. Inheritance of the Manor of Crowland, in tfre County of Lincoln, to Trustees, in Trust, for Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same: And the fame, was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Bucktcnfcum of that Part of the County of Durham, commonly called Road* Norham and Island Shires, lying North of the County of Northumberland; and also of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; whose Names are thereunto subscribed:

And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Ditto. Borough of Berwick upon Tweed:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; so-verally setting forth, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Bucktonburn, in the County of Durham, through the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to a Piace called Lammerton Hilly being the Extremity of the Liberties of the Town of Berwick aforesaid, towards Scotland, and the High Poll Road from London to Edinburgh; also a Road branching from the said intended Turnpike Road, at the South End of the Town of Tweedmouth, in the said County of Durham, leading along a Place called Etail Highway y through the lower Part of the Town of East Ordy to Twizel Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Cornhill, to Deddobum, all in the County of Durham aforesaid (being the High Road from the Town of Berwick to Coldstream, Kelso, Jed-burghy and Haywick, in North Britain, with which Towns the Town of Berwick has great Intercourse of Trade); also a Road branching from the Road at Etail Highway, and leading past the Brick Houses, through the Town of Duddo, to a Brook called Hornburn, adjoining Berry-hill Ground, in the said County of Durham, being the High Road from Berwick to Ford Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; also a Road branching from the said intended Turnpike Road at Scots Gate, in the Town of Berwick aforesaid, and leading by the South Side of Hallydown Hill, to a House called The Bound-road House, the Extremity of the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick towards Scotland; and also a Road branching from the said intended Turnpike Road at Scots Gate aforesaid, leading to Whittater-low- Bridge, and from thence to another Place called The Bound-road, the Extremity likewise of the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick, towards Scotland; are, by reason of the Deepness of the Sod, and many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, in many Parts ruinous, and so much out of Repair, that Travellers cannot pass thereon without great Danger, and the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless same Provision be made for raising Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Roads, and for levying a Toll at the fame; and thar, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Roads may be 4 Y effectually

Woollen

Trade.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Wantage, ifc. Roads.

338 4* januarii. A. 1752.

effectually amended, and hereafter kept in good and sufficient Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Sandys, Lord Barrington, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Vane, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Watson, Mr. Duncombe, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Hunter, Colonel Vane, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kent, Mr. Core, Mr. Wm. Ord, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Robert Ord, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Balhurst, Sir Richard Lloydy Colonel Haldane, Mr. Burrell, Mr. White, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lambton> Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Nor-they, Sir Francis Drake, Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Gray, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Cado-gan, Sir John Elwell, Sir Conyers D' Arcy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Bays Makers, Inhabitants of Booking and Braintree, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Wool, at Saffron Walden, in behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, Wool-ftaplers, and Manufacturers of Wool, in and near the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereupto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Dealers in Wool: And also,

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers and Staplers, and others, principal Inhabitants of the Town of Taunton, in the County oiSomerset: And also,

A Petition of the Wool Combers, Staplers, Worsted Makers, and Hofiers, in the Town of Nottingham, in behalf of themselves, and many other Persons concerned in the Worsted Manufactories, in and about Nottingham:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the Marking or Branding of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others. Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York-, are referred: Who were ordered to examine the Matter of these Petitions} and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, ©fthat Partof the County of Berks, in and near the Vale of White Horse, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application is making to Parliament for repairing the Road from Wallingford, through Wantage, to Far-ringdon, in the County of Berks, which the Petitioners /imagine would be a Work, not only of great Advantage to the Towns through which the said Road pafles, and the Property of many private Persons, but of evident Utility to the Publick; and that the Petitioners are Inhabitants or Proprietors of the Vale of Berkshire, and repre-

fer, ting to the House, That the same fe an exceeding rich and fertile Vale, of great Extent, both as to Length and Breadth* and producing annually irhmenfe Quantities of Corn, Butter, and Cheese, which for want of good Roads and Markets, are rendered almost useless to the Publick 5 and that the Farms arc hereby impoverished, and the Farmers very frequently ruined; but the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case a good Road be made through the Vale, and an easy Communication opened to the River of Thames, and the Cities of London and Westminster, it must necessarily be productive of good EffeCls, not only to the Vale of Berkshire, but many other Parts of the Kingdom: And therefore, as the Petitioners apprehend, th£y shall not reap the full Benefit of the said Road, unleis Provision be made for repairing the Road from Wantage to a Place called Idson, in the said County, containing about Ten Miles, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the House will give Leave, That a Clause may be added to the Bill for repairing and amending that Part of the said Road from Wantage to Idson aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cost-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: r

And it is referred to Mr. Pye, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pow-ney, Mr. Peachy, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Kent, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Southwell, Sir Peter Warren,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hume, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hay, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hunter, Sir Roger Newdigate, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Budgen,

Mr. Belchier, Lord Barrington, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Willes, Mr. Townshend, Sir Duncan Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Justices of the chlj Peace, and other Persons, living in and near the Road Uz. leading from the Top of Togghill, in the Parish of Doyn-ton, in the County of Gloucester, to Chippenham in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Whole of the said Road is Part of the direct Post Road leading from Bristol to Lcndon, and is in Length Thirteen Miles or thereabouts, and, by reason of many heavy Carriages having frequently passed through the fame, is become so ruinous, and in such bad Condition, that, in the Winter Sealbn, many Parts thereof, are become almost impassable, and so very dangerous for any Wheel Carriages, as well as for Horses laden, that many Travellers and Persons who use to furnish the City of Bristol with Goods and Manufactures, and Waggons laden, as also all Coaches, Chariots, and Chaises, are obliged to quit the direct Road, and to go at least Six Miles farther about, between Chippenham and Bristol, to avoid such bad Road: And therefore, in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Mitchell, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Fox,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Wm. Fonge,

Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr, Gwynne, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Hay,

Hat Mani> factory.

25 Geo. Hi 140

Hay, Mr. Lyster, Mr. 6urrell, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Faxakerlcy, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Turner, Sir Wm. Wynne, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Buncombe, Mr. Carter, Sir John Elwell, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Drake, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Wilkinson, MrBathurst, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Peachy, Mr.

Mr. Gar*, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Amy and Lord Bateman, Mr. iViri. Bet'keley, Mr. Bankes, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Pol hill, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pinney, Lord Barrington, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Aljlofi, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Darner, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Brand, Colonel Monck-ton, Mr. Walpole, Sir Hen. Erskine; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are under-written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Art and Mystery of making Hats in Great Britain hath arrived to great Perfection; and that considerable Quantities of Hats, manufactured in this Kingdom, have heretofore been exported into foreign Countries, all Europe having formerly been supplied with Beaver Hats from England> and that, of late Years, the foreign Trade has much declined, which the Petitioners attribute, amongst others, to the following causes$ viz. to the many Rival Manufacturers of late Years set up in foreign Countries 5 to the very great Rife in the Price of Beaver, which of late has advanced upwards of £. 75.^ Cent. owing (as the Petitioners apprehend) in part, to the annual Import of Beaver Skins being, of late Years, much decreased, and the Export thereof greatly increased, Beaver Skins drawing back on Exportation more than half the Duty paid on Importation; and to the annual Import of Beaver into France, by their Canada Company, being, as the Petitioners are credibly informed, much larger than all the Beaver annually imported into Great Britain, either from Hudson's Bay, or from his Majesty’s Plantations in America; and for that Beaver imported into France is, of late, prohibited from being exported under severe Penalties; and alleging, That the Price and Quantity of Beaver, for the Use of the British and foreign Manufactures, being thus greatly in Favour of the Foreigners, who have also the Advantage of Labour cheaper, they are thereby enabled to vend their riats, in foreign Markets, upon lower Terms than the British Manufacturers can do, which threatens the total Loss of the said Trade to the British Subjects, in consequence whereof many thousand Poor, now employed in, and depending upon, the said Manufacture, will inevitably lose their Employ, and become burthensome to their respective Parishes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief and Encouragement to the said Manufacture, as the Credit and Importance thereof deserves, and as to the House shall appear needful to preserve the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Alexander Hume, Mr. Phil-lipfon, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Holmes, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Lane, Mr. Brand, Colonel Monckton, Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Conyers, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Pye, Sir Wm. B. Pro51 or, Mr. Carmichael, Commodore Michell, Mr. Reynolds, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kent, Mr* Glanville, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Vol. 26.

Budgen, Mr. Gore, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Abraham Hume, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Walpole, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Fonereau, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Charles Townshend, Colonel Haldane, M r. Bacon, Ml*. Sydenham, M r. Lyfier, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Captain Frankiand, Mr. Tracy;

Mr. Webb\ and all the Members who ferye for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power tdfend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bradford, Bradford,*^ of several Persons who travel from the Cities ^oad* of Bristol, Bath, and other Places, through Bradford, to Salisbury, Andover, and Winchester, and other Towns and Places, in the Counties of Wilts and Southampton, was pfefenred to the House and read; reciting Part of a Petition, presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for widening, amending and repairing, the Road leading from a Place called Rowafs Gate, in the Tything, of Winfley and Parish of Bradford, in the County of Witts, to and through the great CloathingTown of Bradford, and from thence, over Forwood's Common and Mucbelmead, to Staverton Bridge, and from Staverton Bridge aforesaid to and through Hilperton, down Guy's Lane, and so far dyer Ashton Common as to join the Road that leads from Steeple Ashton, to Trowbridge j and also the Road leading from the Bridge, in the said Towri of Bradford, to a Place called Stallards, in the said County of Wilts; and alleging, That the Petitioners are appre-henfive, that, if the said Road should be extended from Rowafs Gate to Combe Bridge, so as to join the Bath Road there, it would be of great Benefit to the said Towns, and to that Country in general: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in such Bill, to extend the before-mentioned Road from Rowafs Gate to Combe Bridge aforesaid 5 and that the same may be kept in Repair by such Means, and in such Manner, as shall be thought proper by the Hdlife;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of che Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Freeholders, Clothiers, and other Persons, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, living in and near the Road leading from a Place called Rowafs Gate, in the Tything of Winfley and Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, to and through the great Cloathing Town of Bradford, and from thence over Forwood's Common and Muchel-mead, to Staverton Bridge, and from Staverton Bridge aforesaid to and through Hilperton, down Guy'S Lane, and so far over Ashton Common as to join the Road that leads from Steeple Ashton, to Trowbridge, all in the said County of Wilts (being the High Road leading from the Cities of Bristol and Bath to Salisbury, and over Winchester, Chichester, and several other considerable Trading Towns) , and also the Road leading from the Bridge, in the said Town of Bradford, to a Place called Stallards, being the High Road leading to Westbury and Warminster, in the said County of Wilts, in all Eleven Miles, or thereabouts; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, an Account of the Deficiency at Christmas 1751, Half-subsidies of the Half-subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged of TonnaSe-with the Payment of several Annuities, by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne, and the 6th of King George the First.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas Jaft, of Pu.d.es on the Duties on spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty, sPmts* from the 25th Day of March 1743, to satisfy and pay the Annuities, and other Charges thereupon.

Ordered\

Account of Duties on Wines.

Account of Duties on Glass, ice.

African

Company.

Petition respecting Bance I (land in Africa.

360

o o cv 4 4

14 — 15 ,

A. 1752.

Ordered, That-the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Chrifmas lad, of the additional Duties upon Wines, granted to his Majesty, from the 25th Day of March 1745, to satisfy and pay the Annuities, and other Charges thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this 'House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas lad, of the Duties on Glass, and spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty, from the 25th Day of March 1746, to satisfy

and pay the Annuities, land other Charges thereupon.

The House being informed, That Mr. Hollier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of an Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, distinguidiing each Particular; examined, passed, and audited, by Edward Barker Esquire, the Curfitor Baron: And also,

instructions from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to Thomas Melvil Esquire, chief Agent, President of the Council, Treasurer and Warehouse Keeper at Cape Coast Castle: And also,

Instructions from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to Mellieurs James Skinner and Frederick Smith, Chief Agents, (Ac. at James Forty in the River Gambia.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mer cur'd, 150 dJanuarii j

Anno 250 Georgii lldl Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Alexander Grant and Richard Oswald, jTjl for themselves and Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a Fort situated in Bance Island, now called George Island, in the River Sierra Leon, in Africa, formerly belonged to the Royal Africaft Company, and continued in their Possession till the Year 1728, when their Factors were entirely driven from thence by the Natives, their Fort demoliflbed, and the Houses burnt; and that, from the Year 1728, the Island continued in the quiet Possession of the King of the Country, and the Fort demolished, until the Year 1744, when Captain John Boyce, of London, being the re, and discovering that the French were then treating for the Purchase, bought it for Mr. George Fryer 5 who, at his own very great Expence, rebuilt the Houses and Fort, and furnished it with Artillery and Scores, for the Protection of Trade, and the Support of the British Interest in that River; but that Mr. Fryer, finding upon Experience,that the Maintenance of this Fort, in such a def’enfive State, was and would be too heavy an Expence for him singly to bear, in the Year 1748 fold the said Island, with the Fort, Storehouses, Artillery, Vessels, Slaves, and Merchandize, then built and lodged there, to the Petitioners; who purchased them with a Design to carry on an exten-five Trade at that Settlement, when the times would admit of it; and that the Peri dopers believed the Property of this Island to be fully and legally vested in them by this Purchase, as they bought it under the Tide of Mr. Fryer, arising from the Purchase of Mr. Boyce for his Account, at a time when the African Company had been entirely dispofiefled, and their Fort had beea demolished

by the King of the Country, near Sixteen Years; no Endeavours having been in that time made by the African Company to regain PofiVflion, nor any Claim of Right having been made on their Part in Opposition to Mr. Fryer's Purchase, or, duringhis Possession, in consequence of it; and that the Petitioners were greatly surprised last Year, to find this Island, now their Property, given into the House as belonging to the Settlements of the African Company, which had been maintained and supported at the publick Charge; whereas this had been kept entirely at the Charge of the Petitioners, who had been induced to go to a very considerable Expence, in maintaining this Fort, from the Hopes they entertained of its enabling them hereafter to pursue their intended Trade with greater Safety and Advantages and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the House will not judge it to be confident with Justice to supersede their Right*to this Fort, acquired by Purchase, and in the unexceptionable Manner they have described; but, on the contrary, will be pieased to confirm the rightful Possession of the Petitioners: or, if* it should be the Opinion of the House, that the Petitioners have a clear Right to this Fort, but, at the same time, that it will be convenient for the general Trade of Africa, that this Fort should be vested in the CoQnmittee appointed to manage the Trade to Africa, in common with the other Forts belonging to the African Company, that, in that Cafe, the Petitioners shall be reimbursed their Charges, and that the Recompence for this Fort will not be assigned to the late African Company, whose Property it is not, and who have not for so many Years had the Possession, or been charged with the Maintenance of it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed. That Mr. Feary, Vestry.Westminster Clerk of the united Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint Scavenger’# John the Evangelist, Westminster, attended at the Door; Rate#%

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Paper, intituled, The Amount of the Scavenger's Rate for the united Parishes of St Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, for One Year, ending at Lady-day 1751.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Market Land-owners, and others, in the Counties of Northampton, Harboroogk Leicester, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Norfolk, and Suffolk, Road, living in or near, or having Communication with, the Roads leading from Market Harborough, in the said County of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Bar tony Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the said County of Northampton, and Bythorns, Spaldwick, and Ellington9 in the said County of Huntingdon, to a Place called The Found, in the Parish of Brampton, in the said County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Roads leading from Market Harborough aforesaid, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton, Seagrave, Thrapston, Bytborne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, aforesaid, to the said Pound in Brampton aforesaid, are great Roads, leading from Lane after, Garftang, Wigan, Preston, Warrington, Chester, Manchester, Stockport, Macclesfield, Leek, Liverpoole, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, IVallfall, Litchfield, Dudley, Tamworth, Stourbridge, Stone, Stafford, Atberftone, Hinkley, Lutterworth, Market Bosworth, Rugby, Derby, Mansfield, Sheffield, Rotherham, Nottingham, Loughborough, Mount-Soar-Hill, Leicester, and Market Harborough aforesaid, and many other large trading Towns, in the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Stafford,

Chester, Lancaster, Derby, Nottingham, and York, through Market Harborough, Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton, Seagrave, Tbrapfton, Bytborne, Spaldzvick, Ellington,

10

icj Geo. II.

*5° januarii.

and Brampm, aforesaid, to the Borough of Huntingdon, Ely, the University and Town of Cambridge, Afay Market,

67. Edmond's, Tbet ford, the City of Norwich, Lynn Regis, Beetles, Yarmouth, Ipswich, Harwich, Haveril, GW/, Hinningham, Haljttad, Colchester, Braintree, Bock-Sudbury, Lavenbam, and many other large trading Towns in the Counties of Cambridge, Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk, and are, by means of the many heavy Carriages patting thereon, in divers Places become so ruinous, that Travellers cannot pass without great Danger; and that the Corn, Hops, Wool, Cheese, Lead, Iron, and the other Produce of the Lands of the said several Counties, cannot be carried Eastward and Westward to their proper Markets and Fairs, by reason of the Roads being so ruinous between the Towns of Market Harborough and Brampton aforesaid; and that the same cannot be repaired without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Dupp/in, Lord Barrington, Mr. West, Sir John Cust, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Grenville, Mr Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Whit* worth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Belchicr, Mr. Brcokjlank, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Vyner, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Nor they. Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cooke, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Turner, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Hobart, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pitt, Lord Ancram, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Pe/ha?n, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Brand, Mr. Fane, Lord Bury, Mr. Cary, Lord George Cavendish, Lord F. Cavendish, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Conyers, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lambe; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Northampton, Warwick, Leicester, Stafford, Chester, Lancaster, Derby, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Wool Growers, and Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, in the Forest of Pendle, and in the Parishes of Colne, Burnley, Padibam, Downham, Clithero, and Whaley, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That large Quantities of Wool are grown within the said Forest, Parishes, and Parts adjacent; and that great Quantities of Woollen Goods are also manufactured within the same, not only from the Wool grown therein, but from Wool brought from distant Parts; and alleging, That the Petitioners are well assured, that the Grievances relating to the Marking or Branding of Sheep with Pitch and Tar, and the false and deceitful Fleecing and Winding of Wool, for Redress whereof, the Petitioners are informed, Application is made to Parliament, are real and great in many Parts of this Kingdom; and that Sheep may be sufficiently marked without Pitch and Tar, or with only a small Quantity, and that laid on at dipping time only; which, being fixed upon the End of the Staple, rises therewith, and may be dipt off with more Ease, and less Danger of mixing with the Wool, before the Sheep are (horn, than after; and that the Fleecing of Wool with unmerchantable Locks, Dirt, and other things, therein, to advance the Weight, is downright Fraud, and a Loss to all heneft Dealers; and that the Country of the Petitioners is cold and mountainous, and it is found by Experience, the falving Sheep against Winter helps to preserve them through the fame, and promotes the Growth of Wool: And therefore praying, That no Restraint may be laid upon the Salving of Sheep: And further alleging. That, as to sworn Wool-winders or Fleecers, no such Vol. 26.

Officers have ever been appointed in the Country of the Petitioners; and that they think them burthensome and useless; and that the Grower is most proper to answer fur the Acts of himself, and his Servants: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Ccrnfi-deration, and so enact, as by the House may be thought most likely to prevent the Frauds and Abuses complained of, and to encourage the Woollen Manufactory, so highly advantageous to these Kingdoms.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Wool-ftaplers, Wool- Woollen combers. Stuff-makers, Gfr. in the Town of Tetbury, in Trade, the County of Gloucester, and Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Wool-ftaplers, Manu- Ditto. facturers, and other Dealers in Wool, living and residing in and near the Town or Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, Wool-ftaplers, and Manu- Ditto. facturers of Wool, in and near the Borough of Shaftcn, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Dealers in Wool: And also,

A Petition of the Serge-makers, Drugget-makers, and Ditto, principal Manufacturers of Fleece Wool, in the Towns of Wellington and Milverton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Somerset:

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the Marking or Branding of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool; And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, tio whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, andothet Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Scuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others. Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; are referred: Who were ordered to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Churchof Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Botolph without Alders-gate, London, was presented to the House, and read; detfgate. setting forth, That the Church and Steeple of the said Parish are very ancient Fabricks, and the Parishioners have, for many Years, been at a continual Expence in repairing the same 5 and that the said Church and Steeple, by Length of Time, are become so very ruinous, that they are incapable of Repair, and, in the Opinion of several able Workmen (who have surveyed the fame) mult necessarily be rebuilt, and made more commodious for the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners to rebuild the said Church and Steeple, and to make the same more commodious, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred -to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Samuel Lord Ombersley Sandys, Lord of the Manor of Ombersley, in the County Inclosure. of Worcester, and of William Winnal, Philip Randle,

John Smith, Mary Uoyd, Widow, William Randle, John Randle, John Jones, and Benjamin Kay, Copyhold or customary Tenants of the same Manor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Samuel Lord Sandys, as Lord of the said Manor of Ombersley, is

4 Z seised

j61 150 Januarii. 1751*

felled of an ancient Coney Warren upon Linall Common and the Lytb, within the said Manor; which is now let upon Lease for Twenty-five Years, commencing at Michaelmas 1731 5 and that there is upon the said Common a certain Trad or Parcel of Land and Ground, called Birchen Valley, belonging to the said Lord Sandys, being Part of the said Warren, of about Sixty-eight Acres, which has been formerly inclosed, and held in Severalty by the said Lord Sandys; and that the Petitioners, the Copyhold or customary Tenants of the said Manor, are respectively feifcd of, or intitled to, divers ancient Meafes or MdTuages and Lands, held of the same Manor by Copy of Courr Roll, under several small yearly Chief Rents payable for the fame; and that the several Lands and Grounds, belonging to the said Copyhold or customary Meafes and Tenements, do respectively join, and are contiguous to, the said Warren, and are frequently spoiled and damaged by the Conies or Rabbits of the fame, to the great Prejudice and Loss of the Petitioners, the said Copyhold or customary Tenants; and that the said Lord Sandys hath agreed with the said Copyhold or customary Tenants, that the Conics or Rabbits, harbouring in the said Warren, shall, upon the Expiration of the aforesaid *Lease, be destroyed and extirpated, and the Right of Warren of Conies of the Lord of the Manprof Ombersley,

in and upon Linall Common and the Lytb, be determined and extir.guished; and that the said Tract of Land, called Birchen Valley, shall and may be inclosed and taken in from the said Common by the said Copyhold or customary Tenants, and assigned and allotted to, and be held by, them respectively, in Severalty, under several additional yearly Quit Rents, and shall be annexed to, and enjoyed together with, the said ancient Copyhold or customary Meafes, Lands, and Tenements, whereof the Petitioners are herein before mentioned to be respectively fcifed as aforesaid, for such Estates and Intertfts, and subject to such Suit of Court, Duties, and Services, and be demised and demisable by Copy of Court Roll, in such manner as the same ancient Copyhold or customary Meafes, Lands, iand Tenemepts, are now held and enjoyed, and demised and demifeable, respectively; but that, although the Execution of the said Agreement would tend greatly to the mutual Benefit and Advantage of the Lord of the said Manor, and the Copyhold or customary Tenants of the fame, yet the same cannot be effected without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for carrying the afore-mentioned Agreement into Execution, and rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

OrderedThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Rushout and Mr. Tracy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Brettelt A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Lane, &c. Landholders, and others, residing in or near the Hamlet

Road. of in the County of Stafford\ the Township of

Stourbridge, and Parishes of Old Swinford, Pedmore, and Hagley, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of Stourbridge is an ancient Market Town, in which is carried on a considerable Manufacture of Iron, Glass, and Wool; and that the Taid Town is situate near large Coal Mines and Lime Works: which said Coal and Lime arc carried through the several Places aforesaid in great Quantities; by reason whereof the Roads from Bret tell Laney in the Parish of Kingswinford. in the County of Stafford, through the Hamlet of Amblccoat, Town ship of Stourbridge, Parishes of Old Swinford, Pedmore, and Hadley, aforesaid, to Gallows Brooky in the said Parish of Hagley; and all'o the Roads from the said Brettell Lane, through the Hamlet of Wollaston, in the said Parish of Old Swinford, to Wollaston Common; and also from the said Brettell Lane, through the said Township of Stourbridge, and a Lane called The Heath Latte, as far as the said Parish of Ojd

S*uoinford extends, in the direct Road to Woreefter; are become so deep and ruinous, and in the Winter Season so very bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and ocher Carriages, cannot pass without Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws notf in being for repairing the Highways in this Kingdom, be effectually repaired without the further Aid of Parliament!

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Commitree: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Lytteltony Mr. Westy Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Wm. Tongey Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Townfhendy Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore,

Lord Dupplin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr.

Prowfgy Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandys, Lord Hillsborought Mr. Tracy, Sir Richard Lloydy Sir Peter Warren, Sir John Custy Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfiery Mr. Sydenham, Mr, Berkeley, Mr. Laney Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cocke. Mr. Belchiery Sir John Rushout, Lord Downey Mr. Beckford, Mr. Pelham, Sir. Charles Mordaunty Sir Wm. Codrington, Colonel Acourty Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Carmichael. Mr. Vi!lierst Mr. Potter, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Sir Waller Blackett,

Mr. Chetwyndy Mr. Walpole, Mr. War bur ton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Staffordt Salopy and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Caot^n unto subscribed, being Traders inhabiting within the City Small Del and County of the City of Canteriury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Course of their Dealings, give Credit to many of the labouring poor Artificers and Manufacturers, who otherwise would oftentimes be subject to great Distrefics; but that the Petitioners suffer considerabk LofTcs, by reason many Persons, after obtaining such Credit, evade the Payment of the Debts they coniraft, presuming on the Expence, Delay, and Difficulty, which attends the Recovery thereof in a Court of Law; and alleging, That if a Judicature was to be established for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, in a summary Way, the industrious Poor would more readily find Credit under any unavoidable Necessities or Misfortunes, and would not be constrained to make use of such Methods to relieve their Wants, as in the End are productive of Ruin to themselves and Families: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the same City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ro the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hardingey Sir Peter Warren,

Mr. West, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Prozfe, Sir Thomas Halesy Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Town-Jhendy Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lane, Mr. Cocke,

Mr. Villiersy Sir B. Wrey, Mr. Gere, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Downs, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Barrington, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sydenham,

Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Palmer, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Carmichael; and all the Members who serve for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Povter to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition

1

St. Margaret

and St. John's Westminster Parish Rates.

Chippenham, &c. Road.

25 Geo. II.

i '50 Januarii.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Surveyors of the Highways, Scavengers, and other Inhabitants, of the united Parishes of Scant Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist Westminster, 'll* prefen ted to the Ploufe, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament, pass^d in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Churchwardens and Over-fcers of the Poor, with the Vestry or principal Inhabitants of the said Parishes, are directed to meet annually, upon Tuesday in Easter Week* or oftener, if Occasion require, and agree upon, or ascertain, the Monies or Rates to be afiefled within the Limits of the said Parishes for the Relief of the Poor, Repair of the Highways, and other Parish Rates, to be levied and colleted by the proper Officers of the respective Parishes; and that the Rates annually made for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes, are attended with so many Difficulties in collecting and levying thereof, that the Monies, intended to be raised thereby, are greatly lessened; and alleging, That, it is apprehended, if there was to be an additional Rate for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, added to, and collected wirh, the Rate or Rates annually made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes, and some further Regulations made, the said Rates would be collefled with more Ease and Certainty, and less Expence to the Inhabitants thereof, and they would be better enabled to cleanse the Streets, and repair the Highways, than by the Laws in being the y now are: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Churchwardens, Vestry, or principal Inhabitants, to make yearly One or more Rate or Rates for repairing the Highways, and cleansing che ‘Streets, within the said Parishes, to be added to, and col-Jedled with, the Race or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, with such further Regulations relating thereto, as to the 'House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Peter Warren, Sir Richard Lloyd\ Mr. Prowse, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster Sir John Cust, Mr. Sydenham, Dr. Lie, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Barrington, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr: Henley, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Cary, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Pelham, Lord Downe, Mr. Uoblyn, Mr. Bodville, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Henley, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Warlurton, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Potter, Sir Francis Poole, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Townshend, Lord H. Beauclerk, Mr. Williams, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sloper, Sir Conyers PLArcy, Mr. Finch, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Watson, Mr. Viltiers, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Mitchell; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Chipping Sodbury, and other Persons living in arid near the Road leading from Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That Three Miles of the said Road, or thereabouts, is Part of the same Road which leads from Chippenham aforesaid, to the Top of Togghill, in the Parish of Doynton, in the said County of Gloucester, for the Repairing of which a Petition is now depending in the House; and that, when the same divides itself from the said Togghill Road, it is the distinct and great Road from London, and many other Places and Counties, to the several PafiTages eroding the River Severn into South Wales, as also to the several Coal Mines, in the Parish of Westerleigh> in the said County of Gloucester, Vol. 26.

Which furnish great Part of the said'County of Wilts, and many other Counties, Parishes, and Places, with Coalsi and is in Length, from Chippenham to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, Twelve Miles, or thereabouts; and by reason of the Depth of the great Number of Waggons and repassing to and from th<

Places, to the said Goal Mines, and the great Number of Travellers, Horses, and Cattle, brought out of South Wales along the said Road, is become To ruinous, and in such bad Condition, that, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are becottie almdft impassible,' and lb very deep and dangerous for Wheel Carriages, as well as for Horses laden, that Persons, who used to travel the said Road, are now obliged to go several Miles farther about to escape it, or break through the 1 nclosures, to the great Prejudice of the Landholders and neighbouring Inhabitants: And therefore, and in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways, be effectually amended, and-kept in Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, praying, That the aforesaid Road* leading from Chippenham to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, may be included in the Act for repairing the Road from Chippenham to Togghill (it being Part of the same Road) under such Clauses, Restrictions, and Limitations, as to the House shall seem meet. "

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Justices of the Peace, and other Persons, living in and near the Road leading from the Top of Togghill, in the Parish of Boynton, in the County of Gloucester, to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, 10 the House.

The Lord Harry Pawlet reported from the Committee, Pinhead to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Hill, &c. Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in, Roads, near, and frequently travelling through, the Roads leadings from the South East End of the Hedge on the Top of Tinhead Hill, in the Parish of Edington, in the County of Wilts, through Tinhead aforesaid, and from thence, by Ray down, through Steeple Ashton, and over Steeple Ashton Common, to a Place called The Round Stone, in Trowbridge, in the said County of Wilis-, and also from a Place called Flinty Nap, in the Parish of Coulfton, to the Entrance of Western Down, in the said Parish of Edington, and from a House, now in the Occupation of Robert God-by, situate in a Lane called Trowlebridge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through Westwood, to Midford, in the County of Somerset'; and also from Frejhford, in the said County of Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Wilts, and, through the lame, to the Foot of Combe Hill, leading to the City of Bath; was referredx.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of che said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in hislPlace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Charles Aland tod. That he knows the said Roads, and that the fjme are become very ruinous and bad, and cannot be sufficieritly repaired by the Means already provided by Law.

Mr. Thomas Alroyd, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Aland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from the South East End of the Hedge on the Top of Tinhead Hill, in the Parish of Edington, in the County of Wilts, through Tinhead, and from thence, by Raydown, through Steeple Ashton, and over Steeple Ashton Common, to a Place called The Round Stone, in Trowbridge, in the said County of Wilts;and also from a Place called Flinty Nap, in the Parish of Coulfton, to the Entrance of Western Down, in the said Parish of Edington,

6 and.

Soil in many Places^ and the and other Carriages passin^ e County of Wilts, and other

564

r5° Januarii. A. 1752.

and from a House, now in the Occupation of Robert Godby, situate in a Lane called Trowlebridge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through West wood, to Midford, in the County of Somerset; and also from Frejbford, in the said County of Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of and, through the fame, to the Foot of Combe Hill, Lading to the City of Bath: And that the Lord Harry Pawlet and Mr. Henley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Accounts re- The House being informed, That Mr. Bowack, from spedtingKen- the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Par-Roads*’ *C# ^ament> the one made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Ktnftngton, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and the other, made in the 14th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for repairing some other Roads, in the Parish of St. George Hanover square, and the said Parishes of Kenftngton and Chelsea, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to rheir Order, an Account of the Receipts, and Application of all Monies received and paid for Three Years last pad, by the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the one, made in the 12 th Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kenftngton, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, and the other, made in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for repairing some other Roads, in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Ken-' ftngton, and Chelsea; with an Abstract of each Year, commencing the 26th December 1^48, ending 23d December 1751 j and also the present Bond Debt of the Trust.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Accountdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Vorough others, of the City of York and County of the same City, Road. and also of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Freeholders, and Bailiff and Burgesses, of the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the High Road leading from Green Ham-merton, in the County of York, to Knaresborough aforesaid, by Scate Moor, Ge/ftrop Lane, AUerton Mauliverer, Flaxby, Goldfbrough Fields, and Long Flatt Lane, in the High Road from the City of York, to Knaresborough aforesaid, is, by reason of the Narrowness thereof in some . Places, and from the Nature of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become deep and ruinous, and, in some Seasons, impassable for Carriages, and dangerous to Travellers; and alleging. That the putting of the said Road into good and sufficient Repair would tend to the Improvement of Trade and Commerce in the City of York, and in that Part of the Country, and be a Benefit to all Persons travelling thereon; but that the same cannot be effected by the Laws now in being, nor can Money, sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, be raised without the Aid of Parliament: And*therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Freeholders, and others, of Knaresborough, and other Parts of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Carriage High Road from Knaresborough aforesaid, by Ferrinfby, Arbendale, and Whixley, to Green Hammer ton, in the Road from Knaresborough to the

City of York, is, by reason of tht Narfowttefs thereof in some Places, and from the Nature of the Soil in others, become so ruinous, that it is, in some Seasons, impassable for Carriages, and a great way about; and alleging, That the Bridle Way or Horse Road from Knaresborough aforesaid, by Long Flatt (Lane, Gouldfborough Fields, Flaxby,

Allerton Mauliverer, and Scate Moor, to Green Hammer-ton, in the High Road to the City of York aforesaid, is much nearer, and easier to be repaired, if made into a Carriage High Road, to which the Owners of the Lands, through which the said Bridle Way or Horse Road now passes, have consented; and that the Making of the said Bridle or Horse Way into a Carriage High Road would tend to the Improvement of Trade and Commerce in the City of York and Town of Knaresborough, and in that Part of the Country in general, and be a Benefit to Persons travelling thereon; but that the same cannot be effected by the Laws now in being, nor can Money, sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, be raised without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for changing the said Horse Road or Bridle Way intoa Carriage High Road, and for repairing, widening, and amending, the fame, and for making the old Carriage Road, through Ferrinsby, Arbendale, and Whixley, aforesaid, into a Bridle or Horse Road only, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lane, Sir Thomas Robirfon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Dup-plin, Sir John Cust, Mr. Berkeley, Mr Colleton, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Bathurst, Sir Wm Yonge, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

B)ocksbank. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hill, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Stewart, Admiral Knowles, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. FeUowes, Admiral Vernon, Lord Downe, Lord Strange, Mr. Henley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Salusbury, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Cooke, Sir IVm, Codrington, Mr. Burrell\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmorland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according to Snaiih, &c. Order, a Bill for establishing and rendering effectual cer- Inclosure. tain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing the Commons and waste Grounds, in the Townships of Snaitb, Cowick, and Rawcliffe, in the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a, Second time.

Mr. Bankes reported from the Committee, to whom the Securing Petition of John Bankes, of Kingston-Hall, in the County Lead of Dorset, Esquire, in behalf of himself, and of John Mlncs’ Shepheard, of Betty's Town, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petirion,

# Stepbenfon Esquire said, That he lives at Kef-

wick, within Three Miles of the Black Lead Mine, which is the Property of Mr. Bankes and Mr. Shepheard\ and is situate in a very craggy and desolate Part of the Country, surrounded with Mountains to the Extent of Fifteen Miles; by which Situation it is exposed to be plundered by a Set of desperate Fellows, and cannot be guarded without an excessive Expence; and that he never heard of any other Place where Black Lead was found:

That the Year before last, some of those Bandirri,

armed

Geledncki’s

Nat.

Scarborough

Roads.

15 Geo. II.

150 Januarii.

armed with Fire Arms, attacked the People in the House near the said Mine, pulled off the Roof, and fired in upon them; and this last Year they fired upon Mr. White, who, being unable to rcfift them, went to the Towns adjacent, and raised such a Force as prevented them from breaking open the Mine, which they were proceeding to do; nor was it prevented without a Resistance, in which one of the Rogues was killed:

That ihefe Robberies are notorious to the whole Country; and several Jews are continually laying in wait in the adjacent Towns, to purchase the Lead, so stolen, at 9 s. or i oj. a Pound: ’

That a Prosecution was carried on at the last Affixes at Carlisle for these Practices; and several others, of the same Nature, were carried on at former Assizes:

And that the Country in general are alarmed, left this Gang of Robbers, if not timely prevented, should not confine themselves to the Stealing of Lead only, but commit Injuries and Outrages of other Kinds.

Colonel Stephenjon confirmed the aforesaid Evidence; and added, That he has been informed, that Persons have plundered the Mines, and kept poffirffion of them by Force for a Night ora Day; and that they took the Opportunity, while their Comrades were trying at the last Assizes at Carlisle, to break open the said Mine.

Mr. Ireton, Mr. Giuifon, and Mr. Singlato, confirmed the above Evidence; and added. That he had heard, chat the Loss sustained by the Robbing of the said Mine amounted to £ 2,000. a Year.

Mr. John bowman informed your Committee, That he was Nephew to Mr. Shepheard's Steward; and that his Uncle -has tried to guard the Mine, but to no Purposei that the said Mine is fmiate in the Manor of Bor-rougbdale, but that he believes there is no Lord of that Manor; nor did he ever hear, that any Person claimed a Right to dig there, nor of any Conreft at Law about it: And he further laid. That, if the Robbers happen to get into the right Vein of Ore, they can get One thousand Pounds worth in Six Hours; which last Affercion was confirmed by Mr. Ireton.

Colonel Stepbenfon added to his Evidence, That he has frequently been upon the Grand Jury at Carlisle Assizes, and has always known Bills of Indnflment found against Persons for these Practices; and that there was an ln-di&menc found last Assizes against several Persons for (hooting at ihe Guard: And,

Mr. Ireton and Mr. Gunjon, being further examined, said, That they had known Prosecutions for Sealing Lead prove ineffectual from a Defect in the Laws.

Mr. Richard Gilpin, being examined, said, That he contracts with the Board of Ordnance for furnishing Iron Shot and Bomb Shells; and that Black Lead is used for washing the Inside of the Moulds, to prevent the Metal from burning and mixing itself with the Moulds; and that it answers this Purpose better than any thing yet found out.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of the Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual securing Mines of Black Lead from These and Robbery.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effcctual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery; Andchat Mr. Btinkes and Mr. Har-dinge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hay preferrted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Christim Samuel Geledneki: And the same was received; and read the First time. , Rejolvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, Occp-. piers of Lands, and others, living in, and near the Road VoL. 26.

leading from the City of York to the Town and Borough of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also the Road leading from a Place called Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, t<j the Town of Scarborough aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High Road leading from the East End of Mtfik Bridge, near the Suburbs of the said City of York, by the Town of Whit-welly to the Town and Borough of New Malton, and; from thence, to and through the Towns of Rillington* Teddingham, and Ayton, and from thence, Over Aytoft Moor and Seamer Moor, to and through the Town of Faljegrave, to Newbrough Gates, within the Town and Borough of Scarborough aforesaid, being the nearest Road from the said Ciiy of York to the said Town of Scarborough; and also the Road leading from Spittle House aforesaid, over Hartford Bridge, to and through the Town of Seamer, to the said Town of Scarborough, being Part of the great Road from the Towns of Kingston upon Hully Beverley, and several other Market Towps, to the said Town of Scarborough; having, for many Years past, been greatly frequented by Persons referring to Scarborough aforesaid from most Parts of England for the Benefit of the Mineral Waters, and having been much u.fed by heavy Carriages, the same are become ♦very bad, and in many Parts thereof are very ruinous, narrow, and muph out of Repair, and, in the Winter Sealon, so very deep; that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the same without great Difficulty, and are also dangerous for Persons travelling on Horse-back, and are, in many Parts thereof, very incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws of this Realm for repairing ti e Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless feme other Provision be ifiade for raising Money to be applied for that Purpote: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Reads aforesaid by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof5 and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Downe, Mr. Comptroller* Lord Hcbarty Lord. Dupplin, Sir Wm. Tonge,. Mr. Salus-bury, Mr. Belcbiery Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. West, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cust, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Robinjm, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hay, Lord Robert Bertie4 Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ellis, Mr; Thornton, Sir Wm Calvert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hill, Mr. Finch, Mr. Nugent, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Shelley , Mr. Clayton, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Leighton, Sir Henry Erskine, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Eliot, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bodville, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Lascelles, Colonel Monckton, Mr. Thorn -bagh, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Richards; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, North-umberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Corporation of the Governor arid Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, in a general Court, held of the Tenth Day of May last,. having.taken the State of their Affairs into Consideration, came to the following Resolution; That the Court of Directors be itn-powered, yyith all convenient Speed, to make proper Application to Parliament, in the Name of this Company, that from, and ^seer the Expiration of the Three Years, for which the present Governors and Directors aie chosen, the

j A Cour$

South Set Director*

3 66 15* Januarti. . 1751*

Court of Directors of this Company may consist of One Governor, One Sub Governor, One Deputy-Governor, and Fifteen Directors only; and that the Majority of such Court of Directors, whereof the Governor, Sub-Governor, or Deputy Governor (except as in this Company’s Charter is excepted) to be always One, may from thenceforth be deemed a Court of Directors; and that, from thenceforth also, the Election of Governors and Directors may be annually between the Twenty-fifth of ZV-cember and Sixth of February, and the First Election of Governors and Fifteen Directors may be between the Twenty-fifth of December 1753, and the Sixth of February then next following: And praying, That the Matters contained in the foregoing Resolution may be carried into Execution, in such Manner as the Hoilfe shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bristow, and Mr. Belcb'tery do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colony of A Representation and Petition of the Trustees for efta-

Georgia. blishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Representation and Petition, recommends it to the House to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Representation and Petition.was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Trustees have hitherto supported the Colony of Georgia by the Assistance granted by this House, with such Success, chat they may presume to say, it will soon prove a beneficial Colony to Great Britain, not only on account of its Situation and Ports, but for its various Products, of great Utility to the Trade of this Nation, and especially the Produce of Silk, for which the Climate of Georgia is most particularly adapted: And, his Majesty having been graciously pleased to accept of the Offer of the Petitioners to surrender their Trust, praying the House to enable them to defray the Expences incurred by them since the last Grant.

Ordered, That the said Representation and Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

African A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Mer-

Company. chants trading to Africa, on behalf of the said Company, and others concerned in that Trade, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Concents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, having been chosen Committee-men of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in consequence of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and having received from the Lords of the Treasury the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, granted for the Support of the Forts and Settlements, and the Preservation of the Trade, upon the Coast of Africa, are now completing the investment of the fame, for the Purposes intended; and that the Petitioners have laid before this House, the Account of the Expenditure of the Ten thousand Pounds, granted for the Year 17 jo, audited by the Curfitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by the Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa: And, the Petitioners being convinced jof the Regard shewn by the House to the Preservation of jthe British Forts upon the Coast of Africa, from the constant Grants heretofore made for the fame, praying the House to cake the Importance of the Trade to Africa into their most serious Consideration; and to grant such a Sum for building, repairing, and supporring,

the Forts, for the ensuing Year, As to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House* to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tb Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimaie of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and unto the superannuaced Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ouc Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services, incurred in the Year 1751, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1751* hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the Eleventh Day of January 1752, and the several Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Lady-day 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mighti-nesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the One Part; and his Most Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria, on the other Part; concluded at Hanover on the 44-of August 1750; and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January 1750) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the iff: of 2>-cember 1750, to 31st of October 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next,

a 5 Geo. II. 156 — 1 6° J

next, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

yovisy 16° die 'Jcinuarii;

Anno 2$° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

Sttrbwoogh A PETITION of the Owners and Mailers of Ships Pier. jljL employed in the Coal Trade, and also the Freemen, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Corporation of the Borough of Scarborough hath a prescriptive Right to certain Duties, from all Ships loading Coals at Newcastle and Sunderland\ for Repairing of Scarborough Old Pier, and, by an Act of the 37th of King Henry the Eighth, all the Lands and Houses within the Liberty of the said Borough are subject to the Payment of One-Fifth of tht ir Value, for the Support of the said Pier, in case the Produce of the Duties on Shipping should be insufficient for that Purpose; and that the Common Council of the said Borough have the Management of the said Revenue, Two of whom are annually chosen to superintend the Repairs of the said Pier, whose Accounts are audited by the rest of the Common Council only; lb that the Landholders, Freemen, and Inhabitants, within the said Borough, have not the Liberty to inspect the said Accounts, though their respective Houses and Lands are liable to be taxed to make good any Deficiency or Misapplication of the Revenue; that, in 1711, a Breach was made in the Old Pier by the Sea, and as no Surplus of the said Duties remained (though very large Sums might have been saved every Year) the Common Council of the said Borough mortgaged the Corporation Lands to repair the said Pier, and, from that time, to the Year 1736, a separate Account was kept of the Revenue of the Oid Pier, from the other Revenues of the Corporation, and the Money borrowed on such Mortgage paid off, and a considerable Sum saved out of the said Revenue, which ought to have been preserved in case of any future Accident; but that, fmee the said Year 1736, the said separate Account has been discontinued, and the said Savings, as well as what may have accrued since that time, entirely loft to the Publick; and that, by an Act of Parliament, of the Fifth Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Town, or the major Part of them, assembled in Common Council, are intitled to receive by themselves, their Collectors and Receivers, divers Duties, by that Act appointed to be paid for the Purposes mentioned therein; and, pursuant to the Powers veiled in them, appointed a Treasurer, and other proper Officers, for carrying on the said Work; which, the Petitioners conceive, was prosecuted in a proper Manner till the Year 1744, at which time a certain Number of the Common Council procured a Vote of the rest for borrowing Three thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Act, to carry on the said Work more expeditiously, and to pay off the Tradesmen’s Bills; which Two plausible Pretences induced other well-meaning Members of such Common Council to concur in that Measure; and that Three thousand Pounds were accordingly borrowed, on such Part of the Tolls as by the said Act are made payable at Newcastle; but no Part of the said Sum, so borrowed, was applied to the Purpose di-rested by the said Act; and that the Mortgagee, apprehending the Act might expire before he coidd receive his Principal and Interest, filed a Bill of Foreclosure in the Court of Chancery, and, in May 1749, obtained a Decree for Payment of Principal and Interest; by virtue of frhich Decree he is now in Possession of the Revenue so arising at Newcastle, so that no Part thereof can be applied towards the Support of the said Pier and Harbour; and Vol. 26.

alleging, That other Abuses have beeh Committed by divers of the said Common Council, in violation of the Trust reposed in them by the said Act; and that the Com-iriissioners, appointed by the said Act of the 5th Year of his present Majesty, did examine into, and discover the Misapplication of the Money raised for the aforesaid Purposes; but, from a Default in the said Act, they have not a sufficient Power to oblige any of the Persons, guilty of such Mifoehaviour, to make good or repay the Money so misapplied: And therefore praying, That the House will bepleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as may be just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Downe, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. WilkinJony Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Robmfon, Mr. Henley, Mr. Compton, Mr. White, Sir John Cust, Mr. Larochey Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Chetwyndy Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Hay, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Hardingo, Mr. Kent, Mr. Potter, Mr.

West, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Roger New]digate, Mr. Vyner,

Sir IVm, Irby, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Prowse, Lord George Cd-vendish. Sir JVm. Tonge, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Ker, Mr.

.Sandys. Lord Strange, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Carmichael, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Thomhagby Mr. Bodville, Mr. Compton, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Montague, Mr. Reynolds; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Torky Durham% and Northumberland; and the Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Com- LredsbyHar-mon Council, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and In- rowgate,&c. habitants of the Corporation of Leeds, in the West Riding Roadl* of the County of York; and also of the Mayor, Recorder,

Aldermen, Common Council, Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough and Corporation of Ripon, in the said Riding and County of York; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Landholders, of the several Towns of Bradford and Hallifax, aiVd other Places, within the West and North Ridings of the said County of York; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High Road leading from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Chappell Town and Harewood, by the South West Corner of the Inclosure of Harrowgate, near to the Place where the Otley Road crofied upon the Forest of Knaresborough, through Ki linghall and Ripley., over the High Part of Bishop Monckton Moor, Quarry Moor, and Burr age Green, through the Town of Ripon, in the West Riding of the said County of York, to the First Runner of Water upon Hutton Moor, and from thence over the Leaches upon Hutton Moor, in the direct Road to York Gate, in the North Riding of the said County (being the nearest Road from the said several Towns of Leeds, Hallifax, and Bradford, and other Places noted for the Woollen Manufacture, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid, where a great Wool Market now is, and for time immemorial has been, held, and whither great Quantities of Wool, and other Goods and Merchandize, from the North and East Ridings of the said County, and from the adjacent Northern Counties, are constantly brought to the said Market) is in many Parts thereof very ruinous, and much out of Repair, and, in the Winter Season, is so very bad, that Wheel Carriages cannot pass along the same without great Difficulty and Danger; and alleging.

That the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Courfcappointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless some Provision be made for

railing

368 16° Janudriu 1751*

failing Money to be applied for that Purpose t And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and amending the Roads aforesaid, by such Ways and Means* and in such manner, as to the House shall seem mete.

L?ed» by A Petition of4 the Gentlemen* Merchants, Traders, and

Harrowgate, others, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto

c* s" subscribed* and also of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Boroughs of Knartsborough and Boroughbridge, in the said County, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Road leading from the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, to Knaresborough, and from thence through Boroughbridge, to Ripen, in the said County, is, by reason of the Narrowness thereof, in some Places, and from the Nature of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become deep and ruinous, and, in some Seasons, unpaflable for Carriages, and dangerous to Travellers; and alleging, That the putting of the said Road into good and sufficient Repair, would tend to the Improvement of the Trade and Commerce carried on in that Part of the Country, and be a Benefit to all Persons travelling thereon; but that the same cannot be effected by the Laws now in being, nor can Money sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid be raised, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they aie referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Mon-tagu,. Sir Henry Slings by y Mr. Reynolds, Lord Downey Mr. Kynaston, Sir fVm. Tonge, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Salusbury, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gybben, Mr. West, Mr. Henley, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. White, Dr. Lee, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Potter, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Colleton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fazakerlty, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Bat bur ft, Mr. Hobiyn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Brooksbank, Colonel Monckton, Mr. Shelley, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Pye, Mr. Thom-hagb, Mr. Sydenham, The Marquis of Granby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mitchel, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Finch, Mr. Drake, Mr. Conyers\ and all the Members who ierve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Westmorland, Cumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Albans A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen, and several of

Small Debts. the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; and also of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Liberty of St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford, on behalf of themselves, and the rest: of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That King Charles the Second did, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date on the 27th Day of July, in the Year 1664, amongst other Privileges, grant unto the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the said Borough, that they, and their Successors, might and should have a Court of Record, to be held weekly, if* manner as directed by such Letters Patent, for the Trial of all Pleas, Plaints, and Actions, personal or mixed, ordained by the Common or Statute , Law, arising within the said Borough, and the Limits Bounds, and, Liberties of the fame, not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and that the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Liberty of Sain* Albans are always held at the Town-hall, within the said Borough, as well as the Quarter Sessions for the said Town; and also the said Court of Record, for trying such Causes as arise within the said Borough; and reprefendng to the House, That the Fees and Expences

are so great, in prosecuting Causes to Judgment and Execution, in the said Court of Record, or any superior Court; for the Recovery of Small Debts, under Forty Shillings, besides the Delays attending such Suits, that honest Creditors are thereby greatly discouraged from attempting the Recovery of such Debts; and by that means, many ill-disposedPersons,whohavecontractedSrnall Debts within the said Borough, and the Towns, Parishes, Wards; Hamlets, and Places, within the said Liberty of St. Albans, though able to pay, refuse so to do, and set their Credicors at Defiance; and alleging. That if a more easy, and less expen-five Method, were established, for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the said Borough, and the said Liberty of St. Albans, (as hath lately been done, by the Wisdom of Parliament, in divers other Places) ic would, as the Petitioners apprehend, greatly tend to the Promotion of Industry, and Support of useful Credit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill* for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Liberty of St. Albans', or that the Pciitioners may have such other Relief and Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. West, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Ha)dhige, Mr. Gere, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Salusbury, Mr Montagu, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Laroche, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Potter, Mr. Fanfhaw, Mr.

Lambe, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Robirfon, Lord Downe,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr Colleton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Bankes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hunter. Mr.

Gildart, Mr. Hobiyn, Mr. Myddleton, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Play, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. White; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Bucks, Bedford, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Traders and Manufacturers re* Birmingham siding in the Town o 1 Birmingham, in the County of War- Small Debts. wick, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of Birmingham emr ploys, by Computation, above Twenty thousand Hands* in useful Manufactures, that are not only greatly serviceable to the Government, but also return annually great Sums of Money to this Kingdom, from foreign Parts; and that, by the Employment of such great Numbers of Artificers and Handicraft People, many small Debts arc daily contracted, for their necessary Supporr, which yearly amount, in the whole, to a great Sum of Money; and although such Debtors are generally able to make Satisfaction, yet many of them refuse lb to do, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors mud unavoidably labour under, in attempting the Recovery thereof, by expending double or treble, and frequently Ten times che Value of the Debt, in obtaining J uogment for the fame; and alleging, Thar divers ACh, lately passed, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, have, in the Execution thereof, been attended with great Advantage to the Subject, as well Debtor as Creditor; and, as the Petitioners apprehend, an Establishment of chat Sort would be fer-viceable to the Government, and tend as much to the Benefit of Trade in general, and to the Advantage of the said Town, and Hamlets* thereunto adjoining in particular*, as it has proved in any of the Places where Judicatures of this kind have been already constituted: Therefore pray*

Ing, That Leave may be given to bung rn a Bill, for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within ihc Town of Birmingham, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining,

6 . in

4$ Geo. II. 16° Januarii. 369

in the County of Warwick; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, and Assistance, in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Bold\ Mr. Sa-lusbury, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mitchell, Mr, Colleton, Mr. Southwell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sir

Thomas Hales, Mr. Bankes, Sir CV/?, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gere, Mr. Kynaston> Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyster,. Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prow/e, Sir ffw. Yonge, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Charles Townshend, !Mr.# Kery Lord Dupplin, Sir ‘Thomas Robinson, Sir Codrington, Sir Calvert, Mr. Wat Jon, Mr. #///, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Farrington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Liverpool A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Com-

Sajall De is. mon counc;i Qf the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of lAverpool is a very ancient Borough, Corporation, and Port Town, and that its domestic and foreign Trade is very eXtcnfive and large, in which there are employed many Handicraft Men, Artificers, and Seamens and that the flourishing State of its Trade of late Years hath invited many Tradesmen and Dealers, Artificers, Seamen, and others, from Ireland, and other Places, to carry on a great Trade with the said Town, many of whom are now become settled Inhabitants therein; so that its Residents and Traders are now become very numerous and considerable, to the manifest Encouragement of Trade, and the public Wealth; and that, to sup-pert such a large trading Body, small useful Credit is found to be absolutely necessary among the Traders, Artificers, Handicraftsmen, and Seamen; by which means these Persons are oft enabled to prosecute their different Employments, to the Good of themselves, Support of their Families, and Increase of Trade and Navigation; but that now many dishonest Persons do presume to run in debt in the said Town, and Port of Liverpool, and Liberties thereof, in small Sums of Money, not amounting to Forty Shillings, upon a Confidence that their just Creditors will be deterred from going through the tedious and expensive Proceedings of a regular Suit at Law for Recovery thereof; by which base Practices the honest Creditor is greatly wronged, useful Credit ruined, and the poor honest Man, who rs obliged to make use of Credit, and who would pay, oft innocently falls a Sacrifice to the Resentment of some injured Creditor, through the Inconvenience of an expensive Suit, to the Ruin of his Family, the Loss of his Labour to the Publick, and the Burden of his Parish j and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the giving of such Persons, as encourage the said Artificers, Tradesmen, Mariners, and others, in such useful Credit, an easy and speedy Method for recovering their just Debts, at a little Expence, upon such Plan as hath been lately granted to some other Towns or Places, will greatly tend to the promoting of industry, and supporting useful Credit, and be of great Utility to the Trade and Welfare of the said Town of Liverpool, and the landed Interest around its Neighbourhood: And therefore, on behalf of the Petitioners, and the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Liverpool aforesaid, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Town of Liverpool, and Liberties of the fame; and further praying, That a Clause or Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill, to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the aift Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the building a Church in the Town of Liverpool, Vol. 26.

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for enlightening and cleansing the Streets of the said Town, and for keeping and maintaining a nightly Watch therein, by giving the Mayor, Justices of the said 1 own, and Commissioners appointed by the said Act, for purting so much of the said Act in Execution as relatestotheenlighteningand cJeanfing the Streets of the said Town, and keeping and maintaining a nightly Watch therein, a Power to relieve such poor Persons liable at present, by the said Act, to pay the said Scavengers, and Watch Assessment, to be imposed on them by virtue of the said Act, as shall appear to the said Mayor,

Justices, and Commissioners, to be really, and bond side, unable to pay the fame, on Appeal to them to be made for that Purpose, as to them; in their Discretion, shall seem meet, or in such other manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Snlusbury, Mr. Wilkinfcn, Mr*

Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr. Prow/e, Mr, Palmer, Sir IVm. Yonge, Mr. Southwell,

Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Alderman Baker,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fanfhaw, Mr. Hay, Mr. West, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Downe, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ckefter,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir John RuJhout, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bankes, The Marquis of-Granby, Sir Thomas Robin/bn, Mr. Gild-art, Mr. Bold, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Williams, Mr. Chetwytid, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Ker, Mr. Laroche,

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Compton, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Advocate of Sxotland, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Hamilton, Mr,

Lowndes, Mr. Farrington, Dr. Lee, Mr. Townshend; Mr.

Saunders, Sir Henry Monro, Mr. Bury, Mr. Lane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lanca-fier, Chester, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according Qualifying to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted for offices* to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Rushout presented to the House, according to Ombersley Order, a Bill to extinguish the Right of the Lord of the Inclosure. Manor of Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, of keeping a Warren for Conies, on Lbnall Common, the Brichin Valley, and the Lyth, and for securing to the said Lor# the Rent now paid for the fame, and for annexing and uniting the said Brichin Valley to several ancient Copyholds or Customary Tenements, within the said Manor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bankes presented to the House, according to Securing Order, a Bill, for the more effectual securing Mines of B,?ck Black Lead from Theft and Robbery: And the same was Mmes* received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Leigh, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Sa- Manu-lu/bury, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hat burton, Mr. uvlUre* jFazakerley, Lord Barrington, Sir Thomas Mcffyn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufa£hirers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool,

Goats Wool, and other Materials, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain, is referred.

5*

A Petition

3?o

16° Januarii.

j. 1752.

Woollen

Trade.

Ditto.

Cave'g

Name.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Graziers, in that Part of the West Riding of the County of York, called Craven, and Places adjacent, was prefcnred to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners County is large, and moftty grazing Land; and that great Flocks of Sheep are kept upon the fame; and caking Notice, that Application is made to Parliament, for such Amendments and Additions to an old Act, relating to the Winding of Wool, and the Marking or Branding of Sheep with Pitch and Tar, and other Matters, as may be thought necessary to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Wool Trade; and alleging, That the Petitioners are well assured such Frauds and Abuses, worthy the Attention of Parliament, are carried on by designing People, to promote their own private Interest, but to the Loss of all honest Dealers, and the Publick; and that Sheep cannot be fulliciently marked, so as to know them by Slits and Cuts in their Ears, and Brands upon rheir Noses and Horns, and Red or Wad laid upon the Wool; but that One or more Tar Marks are absolutely necessary; and that all imaginable Restraint ought to be laid upon the Practice of the Winding of Wool with Dirt, Locks, and other unmerchantable Things in it, to encrease the Weight; but that with relation to sworn Wool Winders, none such have ever been appointed in those Parts; but that the Wool Growers, or their Servants, do that Work themselves; and the Petitioners think the said Officers would be useless, and troublesome; and that the Petitioners Country is cold, and the Salving of Sheep found necessary, to preserve them through the Winter, and improve the Growth of the Wool: And therefore praying, That no Restraint may be laid upon Salving, nor further Restraint from marking with Tar, than that the Wool Growers dip off the Tar Marks from the Wool, before their Sheep be (horn, or the Wool wound up, or exposed to Sale; and that the House will take the Premises into their Consideration; andenaft such Redress therein, as to them may seem best.

A Petition of the Hofiers, Wool-combers, Wool-ftaplers, and Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted-yam, in the Borough of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others of the said Borough, and County of Leicester, was also presented to the House, and read; complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the Marking or Branding of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool: And praying such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted-yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; are referred; who were ordered to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Browne Esquire, formerly called John Cave, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That William Browne, late of Strctton in the Fields, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, Esquire, deceased, made his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the Eighth Day of December 1741, and thereby gave and devised all his Manor of Strctton in the Fields aforesaid, together with the perpetual Advowson, and all and every his Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Stretton aforesaid, and Abbettleby, in the said County of Leicester, or elsewhere, in the Kingdom of England; and also all his Goods, Cattle, Chattels,

and personal Estate, whatsoever, to Trustees, in Trust, to pay his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences; and then he gave the Remainder of his Lands and Premises to the Petitioner, for and during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of or for any manner of Waste; and from and after the Determination of that Estate, he gave the said Premises to Trustees, during the Life of the Petitioner, in Trust to support and preserve the contingent Remainders thereof, by him devised, from being defeated or destroyed; and by the said Will did direct, that the Petitioner, and his Issue Male, and all and every Person and Persons who shall take, by his said Will, when they severally do take, by virtue of the Devise to them respectively, shall take upon him the Surname of Browne, as soon as by the Laws of this Kingdom he can or may obtain the same legally; and that the Petitioner hath attained the Age of Twenty-one Years; apd, in Compliance with the said Will, hath taken upon himself, and used, the Surname of Browne, and is desirous that the same may be confirmed on him and his Issue, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Sh?cwlW, Landholders, and others, residing in and near the Towns of jjn5mer* Shrewsbury and Ellifmere, in the County Of Salop; Overton, Road, in the County of Flint; and Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Road, leading from Shrewsbury through Ellifmere and Overton, to Wrexham aforesaid, being the great Road from Shrewsbury to the City of Chef ter, is in divers Places, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, become so deep and ruinous, and, in the Winter Seafbn, so very bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass, without great Danger; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws now in being, for repairing the Highways in this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Lyster, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Beckford, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lane, Sir John Cust, Mr. Charleton, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Talbot. Mr. Munday, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Pye, Mr.

Salufbury, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hill; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Chester, Worcester, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That the Chamberlain of °Fr[^ the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the State of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, at Midsummer 1751.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition

Opening Lancaster Port for irish Wool.

Treaty with Holland and Saxony.

25 Geo. II.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town and Port of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners conceive it would be a farther Improvement to the Woollen Manufacturee in the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, and of the utmost Consequence to the Increase thereof, to open other Ports for the Importation of Irish Wool, than, what are already allowed by Act of Parliament; and representing to the House, That the Town of Lancaster is very commodiously situated, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, and for a more ready, and less expensive Land Carriage of the fame, when imported, not only to several manufacturing Towns in the said County Palatine, and the County of Westmoreland, but also to the very Seat and Center of the Woollen Manufacture, in the County of York, chan any other Port in those Parts; and that the Traders within the Port of Lancaster aforesaid do constantly employ great Numbers of Ships in carrying Goods and Merchandize to Dublin, and other Parts of Ireland; and that the said Ships do frequently return back empty, by reason of the present Ile-straint on the said Port of Lancaster, in regard to the Importation of Lift: Wool: And therefore praying, That Liberty may be given to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import any Quantity or Quantities of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, to the said Port of Lancaster; and that a Clause may be inserted in some publick Act, for that Purpose, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command, Copy ot a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great B? itain, and their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the One Part, and his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, on the other Part, concluded at Dresden, September 13th, 1751, and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and TranGation were read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said TranGation is as followed!; viz.

In the Name of the most Holy Trinity.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, Elector of Brunswick Lunenbourg, and their High Mightinesses the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, having made known to his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, their sincere Disposition to tye more closely the Bonds offriendship, which have hitherto so happily subsisted between them by a Treaty of FriendGiip, of good Understanding, and of Subsidy, between his said Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesses, on die One Part, and his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, on the other Part, of which Treaty the Tranquillity of the Empire, the Preservation of its Interests, and the Establishment of its System, should be the principal Object; his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, feeling himself always animated with the same Sentiments of Fricndship towards his Bri-tannick Majesty, and their High Mightinesses, and having nothing more at Heart, than the Prekrvation and Interests of the Empire, has w illingly complied with this Overture, which is entirely conformable to his Intentions. With this salutary View, the High contracting Parties have authorized their respective Ministers; that is to say. His Britannick Majesty, Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of his said Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, Knight of the Order of the Bath 5 their High Migh-tinelles the States General, the Sieur Cornelius Calkoen, their Minister Plenipotentiary to has Polish Majesty; and his Majesty the King of Poland, the Sieur Henry Count of Briihl, Baron of Forfte and of Pfoertben, Knight of Vol. 26.

371

the Orders of the White Eagle, of St. Andrew, and of the Black Eagle, his Prime Minister, Minister of the Cabinet of Conference, and of State, General of Foot, Grand Master of the Wardrobe, President of the Chamber of Finances, Director General of the Land Tax and Excise, Commissary General of the Ports of the Baltick, Commander of the Saxon Guards in Poland, Colonel of a Regiment of Light Horse, and of a Regiment of Foot, Pro-voft of the Chapter of Budijftn: Which Ministers aforesaid, being provided with necessary full Powers, after several Conferences, have agreed upon the following Articles;

1.

There shall be a sincere Friendftiip, and most strict Union, between his Britannick Majesty, their High Mightinesses, and his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony; so that each of them shall look upon the Interests of the others as his own, and shall faithfully ufc his Endeavours to promote them, as far as possible, and mutually to prevent and avert all Disturbance and Prejudice.

2.

In order to give his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, a Proof of the good Disposition of the High Maritime Powers towards him, they grant him an annual subsidy of Forty-eight thousand Pounds Sterling; viz. T wo-thirds on the Account of his Britannick Majesty, and One-third on the Account of their High Mightinesses the States-General; the Two-thirds shall be paid at London, and the One-third at the league, every Six Months, without the lead Diminution or Discount, the latter at the Rate of Five Dollars Eighteen Grqs, the Pound Sterling; the said Subsidy shall commence from Michaelmas, being the 29th of September 17 51; the h irft Payment of Twenty-four thousand Pounds shall be made on the 215th of March, and the Second on the 25th of September, in the Year 1752; which shall be continued from Six Months to Six Months, as long as this Treaty does last.

3-

In Consideration of the Subsidy specified in the preceding Article, his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, doth promiie, that, during the Continuance of this Treaty, in case that, contrary to better Expedition, a War should break out again in Europe, and that Great Britain, and the Republick of Holland, should be involved in if, he will not take Part either directly or indirectly against his Britannick Majesty, and the States General; and will neither give nor fend any Troops to such Powers, as shall be at War with his Britannick Majesty, and their High Mightinesses, or against the Two Imperial Courts; to which, in case either the one or the other should come to be attacked, his Polish Majesty will not fail to fend his stipulated Succours, conformably to the Engagements actually subsisting with them.

And, in case his Britannick Majesty, and their High Mightinesses the States General, should come to be attacked, his Polish Majesty will furnish them with a Body of Six thousand Men, or even more, if it can then be agreed on, in the same State, and upon the same Conditions, as well in relation to the Requisition for the March, and to the Pay during their actual Service, as with regard to the Diminution of the Subsidy, in case of the said actual Service; and to the fending back of the Troops, if his Polish Majesty should find himself attacked, which were stipulated in the Convention between his Britannick Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe, of the 9th May 1740; the Articles or Clauses of which Convention, that are applicable to the Four Points above-mentioned, shall be understood as inserted here.

4

His Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, being persuaded, that the Desires and Wifties of his Britan-nick Majesty, Elector of Brunswick Lunenburg, with relation to the Affairs of the German Empire, tend solely to the common Good thereof, and to the Preservation of its

System;

16° Januarii.

37^ i 6° Januarii.A. 1752*

System; and feeiing himself animated with the same patriotick Sentiments, their Majesties mutually engage themselves to unite their Endeavours for the same salutary Purpose, and to consult together upon the Means of obtaining it; and with this View, it is therefore stipulatedon both Sides, that the Envoys and Ministers of their Majesties, who shall happen to be and meet each other, as well at the General Diet of the Empire, as at the Assemblies of the Electoral College, and of the Circles, shall consult together, in Confidence, and ad in Concert, as far as shall be possible, in the Affairs of Consequence that shall relate to the Interests of the Empire; the whole in Conformity to, and in consequence of, its fundamental Laws and Conllicutions.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, Elector of Brunswick Lunenburg, and their High Mightineflcs the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, engage themselves, that, in case his Po/ish Majesty should be attacked or disturbed in his hereditary Dominions, by any Power, or under any Pretence whatsoever, in Kefencment of this Treaty, they shall do their utmost to procure him Satisfaction and Indemnification from the Aggressor, for all the Damages which shall have been done to him.

6.

This Treaty shall continue in Force, for the Space of Four Years, to be reckoned from Michaelmas Day, of this present Year; and if the High contracting Parties shall afterwards be disposed to continue, prolong, or alter it, they shall give each other Notice thereof, and treat about it Three Months before its Expiration.

7*

This Treaty shall be approved and ratified by his Majesty the King of Great Britain, the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, and his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony; and the Ratifications shall be exchanged in due Form at Hubertjburg, in the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if possible.

In Witness whereof, the aforesaid respective Ministers Plenipotentiaries have signed the presentTreaty; and have thereunto affixed the Seals of their Arms. Done at Drejden the 13th Day of September, in the Year 17 51.

C. Hanbury Williams. Henry Count of BrubL

(L.S.) (L. S.y

C. Calkoen.

(L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the ftoufe.

Hat Manu- A Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned fraure. in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in and near the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Art and Mystery of making Hats in Great Britain hath arrived to great Perfection; and that considerable Quantities of Hats manufactured in this Kingdom have heretofore been exported into foreign Countries, all Europe having formerly been supplied with Beaver Hats from England; but that of late Years the foreign Trade hath much declined: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Con side ration; and to grant such Relief and Encouragement to the said Manufacture, as the Credit and Importance thereof deserves, and as to the House shall appear needful to prefrrve the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Namesare underwritten, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said

Trade, in Great Britain, is referred; and that tfeey do examine, and ft ate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Upton Bridge holders, of the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, and Koads. Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, was predated to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, through the Tow,n and Parish of Upton upon Severny Hamlet of Holdfaft, and Parish of Longdon, in the said County, through the Parish of Fortbampton9 in the County of Gloucester, and the Parish of Eldersfield, in the said County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, being Parc of the great Road from Worcester to Gloucester, and also the Road from the Top of Bunnell Hilly through a Place called The Hook Lane, and Part of Malvern Chacey in the said Parish of Upton, and through the Parishes of Welland and Little Malvern, in the said County of Worcester, to the Parish of Colwall, rn the County of Hereford, being the gre.at Road leading from Upton aforesaid to Ledbury, in the said County of Hereford; and also the Road from the West End of Upton Bridge aforesaid, through the Parishes of Upton and Hanley Castle, to the farther Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Road from Upton, through Hanley Castle to Worcester and also the Road leading from Uptcn to Malvern Chace aforesaid, through a Place called RobertfendStreet, in the Parish of Hanley Castle aforesaid; are, by reason of the Soil thereof, and the many heavy Carriages frequently passing the fame, become so ruinous and bad, that many Parts thereof are become impa (Table, and the whole exceeding dangerous; and the Carriage of Butter, Corn, and other Produce of the Land, to the Market of UptoUy and the River Severn greatly obstructed, and particularly the Carriage of Cyder, Perry, Hops, and Coopers Ware, af which great Quantities have formerly been brought from the County of Herefcrdy to the Town of Upton aforesaid, and from thence sent on board Vessels down the River Severn to Bristol, and other Places; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes for repairing the Highways of'chi$ Kingdom, be sufficiendy amended, unless some other Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Dowm?,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alderman Bakery Mr.

Huntery Mr. Colleton, Mr. Beckford, Sir Geo. Lyttleton,

Mr. Cookey Mr. West, Mr. Pye, Mr. Affleck, Sir Walter Blacketty Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Southwelly Mr. Hardings,

Ml*. Ellis, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Lyfiery Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir John Custy Mr. Stuart, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Turner\

Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Turnery Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. White,

Mr. Thorntony Mr. Hilly Mr. Townshend, Sir Walter Bagot,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Lane, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lowndes, Mr,

Cooke, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Lyttleton,

Mr. Belchier, Mr. Fynch, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Shelley, Mr. Morris, Mr. Cary, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Myddleton, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Brand, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Ker, Mr. Kent,

Mr. Sydenham, Lord Robert Bertie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Brooksbank presented to the House, according to Fren Order, a Bill for naturalizing James Fremeaux, Merchant:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Edward Blacket Baronet, William^ Rid Lowes Esquire, and others* whose Names are thereunto lnc 2 subscribed.

Punting

Jooinali.

Glouwelt

Road.

25 Geo. II. i6° Januarii. 373

subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Ridley, and Parish of Haltwhijlle, in the County of Northumberland', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Articles of Agreement, entered into and executed on or about the 12th Day of February 1749: reciting. That there wasa certain Common,orTraft of Land, called by the Name of Ridley Common, and another Common or Traci of Land, called by the Name of Hotbank, alias The For eft of Lowes, lying within the Manor of Ridley aforesaid, of which Manor the said Sir FAward Blacket is Lord, it was, by the said Articles, agreed, by and between the said Sir Edward Blacket, and the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and Seals affixed, being entitled to a Right of Common in and upon the said Two Commons, that the fame, and every Part and Parcel thereof, should, on or before the 29th Day of September 17 51, be allotted and divided by Three Persons, therein named, as Commissioners and Arbitrators, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, as therein mentioned; and it was by the said Articles also agreed, That if any of the Arbitrators thereby appointed, or thereafter to be chosen, should die, or refuse to act, that then, and so often it should and might be lawful for the major Part of the surviving and acting Arbitrators, by any Writing, under their Hands and Seals, to cleft and chuse One or more Person or Persons, not interested in the said Commons, in the Place and Room of such Arbitrator or Arbitrators, so dying or refilling to act; and that the Commissioners named in, or appointed by virtue of, the said Articles, did, before the said 29th Day of September 1751, by their Award, in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, allot and divide the said Two Commons, to and amongst the said Sir Edward Blacket, and the several other Persons entitled thereto, in such manner as therein is mentioned; but that, although the carrying of the said Articles, and Award, into Execution, and the Division and Inclosure of the said Two Commons, is of great Advantage, and tends very much to the Improvement of the several Inte-rells and Properties of all the Persons interested therein; yet the same cannot be established, and rendered efftftual, to answer the Intention of the Parties, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for coilfirming the said Articles and Award.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Walter Blacket, and Mr. Hunter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be advanced towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty *s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; jetting forth; That the Road leading from that particular Part of the Road (now making proper for the Railage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glouwelt, to Halt-whistle, and from thence through Haydon Bridge, Hexham, and Corbridge, to another Part of the said Road, now making f/om the City of Carlisle to Newcastle, upon Sheldon Cowmen, in the said County of Northumberland,\s a common high Koad; and is become so deep and ruinous, and in several Places so narrow, that 'tis almost impafiable for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, and dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback; and cannot be widened, and sufficiently repaired, and kept in Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some Provision Vol. 26.

be made for raising Money, Jo be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for erecting One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying a Toll at the fame; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be widened and repaired.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Burrell,

Sir Wm. Middleton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Cust, Mr. Mundy, Lord Barrington, Mr. White, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Brake, Mr. »Prowse, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Tyner,

Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Drake, Colonel Abercrombie, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Amyand,

Mr. Barrow, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Pye, Mr. Watson, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Budgen, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberlandf, Cumberland, West mor land, Durham, Lane after, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Lord Trenthm, Sir Robert de Cornwall, Westminster Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Churchill, Lord Comt House. Coke, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Gage, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Colonel Herbert, Admiral Knowles, Lord Peter sham, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Winnington, Lord Downe, be~ added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, for the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Justices of the Peace of the said City and Liberty; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, are referred.

The House being informed, That Mr. Corbett, from Greenwich the Commissioners of Greenwich ITospital, attended at Hospital. the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Derwentwater Estate, between id December 1750, and 30th November 1751; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

i$th January, 1752.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe; requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficienc Tradesmen, Artificers, cr other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substanrial Manner, on the easiest and moll reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively.

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth;

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the ill of December 1750, and the 30th November 1751, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

5 C On

374

16° Januarii.

On account of the annua! Rents On account of the Lead Mines

On account of the Timber sold by the Court of Exchequer

.1752.

£ S- d.

- 5,972 14 Si

2,286 11 ji 990 o o

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building,

In Queen Anne's Court.

Taking off the old Slating, and making new Gutters and Scone Blocking Course, and putting on new Westmorland Slating to the East Building:

£. 9,249 6 o

In Queen Mary’s Court.

Finishing an Apartment for a Surgeon, and fitting up a Surgery; putting up Sinks, Grates, Drcfiers, and other Furniture, in the Kitchen and Scullery; furnishing Cabbins for Two hundred and Seventy-two Men, in the Attick Story, besides Nurses; and making some Tables and Benches for the new Dining Hall:

In Out Works.

Putting up a Flight of Stone Steps at the North End of each Colonade; and in Fence Walls, Piers, Gates, Waffi Houses, Sewers, and Drains; and making new Roads to the Hospital; ail which Works have been done, and brought to Account, and amount to the Sum of Five thousand Three hundred Eighty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence

5>3«7 9

The ordinary Works done this Year, in keeping the Building in Repair, and other necessary Works for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of One thousand Two hundred and Ninety Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence -

1,290 17 4

6,677 l9 1

Note: There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between 1 ft "December 1750, and 30 November 1751, on account of '

Repairs - 76 13 i£

By Order of the Commissioners,

John Corbett.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lewes Roads. Mr. Sergi/on reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sussex, and the several Persons usually travelling the Road from London to Lewes, in the said County, and from Lewes, to a Place called The Broil Park Gate, in the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddirected him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Samuel Ridge; who, being examined, said. That he knows the several Roads in the Petition mentioned, which are in a very bad Condition, and, in the Winter Season, Wheel Carriages cannot pass through the fame; and it is with great Danger and Difficulty that Pallengers on Horseback pass through the said Roads.

Mr. Anthony Nott and Mr. Richard Shadwell, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Ridge, as to the Badness of that Part of the Road from the North End of Mailing Street to The Broil Park Gate.

And they added to their Evidence, That the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which those Roads lead, are incapable, by the ordinary Methods directed by the Law, to repair the same; but if the said Roads were amended, and made commodious for Travellers, it would be of general Advantage, and a great Conveniency to the adjacent Country; which cannot be done, without the Assistance of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, to Uck-field, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid to The Broil Park Gate, and from Offham, otherwise IVog-bam, to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parish of FI etching, in the said County: and that Mr. Sergi/on, Mr. Hay,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thomas Pelham, and Mr. Henry Pelham, of Bramber, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Sepp Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year *752.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thac a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Four hundred and Twelve Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, in the Year 1751, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Twenty-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuared Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1752.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred Twenty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establifii-ment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, for the Year 1752.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Four

hunched

25 Geo. II.

hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavarian pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund thej like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commictee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Four hundred Thirty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Seven hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand One hundred and Two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duty on Wines, at Mid-summer 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Nine hundred Sixty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass, and spirituous Liquors at Midsummer 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thac a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-one thousand and Sixty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Races and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Michaelmas 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-four thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Forry-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year 1751, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Four hundred Fifty Pounds and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1752.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Edinburgh, A Petition of the Heritors of the Shires of Linlithgow

*c.Aa»d. and Sterling was presented to the House, and read; fctcing

Yol. 26,

375

forth, That the Post Road leading from Kirkliften-Water, by Linlithgow and Falkirk, towards Stirling, and from Falkirk, towards Glasgow, to Incbbellie- Bridge, which are the great Roads leading from the City of Edinburgh to the Western and Northern Parts of that Part of the united Kingdom, are become deep and ruinous, and in many Places impafiable for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, and even dangerous for Persons travelling upon Horseback, and that the same cannot be put in sufficienfc Repair without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for repairing the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Haldane, Mr. Kynaston>

Sir fVw- Calvert, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Arundely Mr. Burrelly Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Custy Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Compton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hill, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bffleck,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Buller, Mr. Collet on, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Potter, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Mackworth, Colonel Leighton and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whitehead’i whole House upon the Petition of George Whitehead, late Debt to tKe of the City of Bristol, Merchant, on behalf of himself and Crown-his Sureties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to make a Motion to the House, wheii the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 1j° die Januarii j

Anno 25° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

pHILIP DENOTER took the Oaths appointed, in 1 order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Staplers, Clothiers, and other Manu- Woollen fadurers of die Town of Dorchester, and Places adjacent: Trade.

And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Af- Ditto, fistants, together with the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Serge-makers, and Clothiers, of the Town and Liberty of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in behalf of them-ftlves, and all others concerned in the Woollen Manu-fadurcs:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the Marking or Branding of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Commictee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers, and Ma-

nufadurers.

16° — 17° Januarii.

376 170 Januarii. r A. 1752.

nufaClurers, of Worded Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the Wed Riding of the County of York', and also che Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the Wed Riding of the County of York; are referred; who were ordered to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Importing A Petition of the Master Printers of Silk, Silk Hand-Gum Senega. kerchiefs, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the red of the Mader Printers of Great Britain of the Trade aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the printing of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, employs a, great Number, not only of poor Men and Women, but Children, from Seven or Eight Years of Age, and upwards; and that the plain Silks, for the Use of the Printing Trade, are of our own manufacturing; and that the Flax and raw Cotton, of which the Stuffs are made, when spun and wove into brown Goods, yield three times as much as the prime Cod of the crude Materials; and that these, when whitdered, printed, and pencilled, yield from Thirty-five Shillings to upwards of One hundred Shillings; and that the Duty arising from this Manufacture produces a large Share towards the publick Supply, and, as the Petitioners are informed, is collected with a imaller Expence than most other Duties; and that the Laid Trade, on which the Livelihood of many Thousands of poor Families solely depends, cannot be supported and carried on without a sufficient Quantity of Gum Senega; notwithstanding which there is not (as the Petitioners are well informed, and thoroughly believe) in the whole Nation a Quantity sufficient lor above Two Months Consumption; and alleging, That as the Affairs of the African Company have for a considerable Time past: been so situated, that they have r.ot imported the necessary Quantity of the said Gum as heretofore, nor are, as the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, likely to import a sufficient Quantity thereof, within such a Space of Time as may relieve the Petitioners; and the said Trade being now, and for a considerable Time past having been,under the greatest Distress for want of an immediate Supply of the said Gum, it being the most valuable and uiefulDrug or Ingredient used therein, and the Price of that Commodity, for want of the Quantity usually imported, being advanced from 30 s. per Hundred Weight to upwards of Twelve Pounds per Hundred Weight, without any frofpeft (except from the House) of a Reduction of any Consequence, this valuable and most improved Branch of Trade, without same speedy Relief, wiil fall into the Hands of Foreigners, the numerous Poor employed therein become defti-tute and without Support, the publick Revenue greatly ldfened, and the Trade itself in Danger of being totally; ruined:, And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premiles into Confederation; and chat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Importation of the said African Gum in BritiJfj Botcoms from any European Ports; or that the House will be pleased to give the Petitioners fuqh other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coq-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Gore, Sir Edward Bering, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Hcblyn, Sir IVm. Codrington, Mr. Willes, Colonel Mitchell, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Sydenham, Colontl Leighton, Mr. Fonerean, Sir IVm. Yonge, Sir John Ru/hout, Lord Dup-plin. Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Nugent, Dr. Lee, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Legge, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Potter, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Villiers, Lord Barrington, General Oglethorpe, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Gray, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. West, Mr. Kent, Mr. Cooke, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr.

Lowndes, Lord Hillsborough, Admiral Vernon, Lord Lux-borough, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Locke, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hay; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors Drayton of Lands, in the open and common Fields of the Hamlet Indoiure. of Drayton, in the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, was prelenced to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being seised and possessed ot several Freehold Estates in the said open and common Fields of the Hamlet of Drayton aforesaid, which lie intermixed and difpei fed in and over the said whole common Fields, in lmaii Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniencies do arise to the Petitioners, and other the Owners, and Proprietors, and Occupiers, of the said Lands, so that very little Profit arises therefrom, and the same are rendered incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that the said common Fields are very fit and proper to be inclosed, and divided; and although such Inclosure, and Division, will be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the said common Fields, yet the same cannot effectually be done without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying.

That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing, che said open and common Fields into just Allotments and Proportions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Gybbon, Sir Edward Dering, and Mr. Villiers, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Master Taylors and Staymakers, re- Taylors and Tiding within the Cities of London and Westminster, Liber- Stay-makers, ties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and ocher the Master Taylors and Stay-makers within the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Than by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George (intituled, An Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the weekly Bills of Mortality) it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That all Contracts,

&c. between Taylors for advancing their Wages, or lessening the usual Hours of Work, are illegal, nuil, and void; and that Journeymen Taylors offending against the same Act, shall be committed to the Workhouse or common Gaol, for any Time not exceeding Two Months; that the Time limited for Journeymrn Taylors to work is from Six in the Morning nil Eight at Night, the Master allowing one Penny Half-penny a Day for Breakfast, and one Hour for Dinner, and every Journeyman to be paid Two Shillings per Diem, from the Twenty-fifth of March to the Twenty-fourth of June, and one Shilling and Eight Pence per Diem for the rest of the Year; and ic is further enacted, for the Reasons in the said Act contained, That the Justices for London and Westminster, at their Quarter Sessions, upon Application, may alter the Wages and Hours of Work; and Persons paying more than the Wages aforesaid, shall forfeit Five Pounds; and further setting forth, That the Petitioners have been always willing to comply with the said Act, and conform themselves in every Particular to the Contents thereof; but are now, and have been for some Years past, at times, threatened and terrified, and abused, by the Journeymen Taylors, for such their Compliance, in a riotous and tumultous Man-

her,

L.

25 Geo. It. i70 Jfanuariu 377

’ner, in open and contemptuous Violation of the said Law, Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: and the Authority of the same, and have been obliged, at And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-different times, to apply to his Majesty in Council, and to cords, the subordinate civil Power, at very great Expence, for

Protection and Redress; and that, particularly last Sum- The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Edinburgh

mer, the Petitioners applied to the Quarter Sessions of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Two Pennies

County of Middlesex to ascertain and settle the Wages of Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, in Stot5r*

their Journeymen; whereupon, after Con side ration, and behalf of themselves, and the Community of the said

Hearing of Counsel, an Order was made to allow the City, was referred, That the Committee had examined

Journeymen Two Shillings per Day, during the Winter the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to

Half Year, and Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day, report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

during the Summer Half Year; with which Order the Jour- and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

neymen seemed to be satisfied till the Michaelmas following, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was

when they rose in great Numbers, and, in a riotous Man- read; and is as followeth; viz.

ner, demanded Two Shillings and Sixpence per Day, con- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

trary to the said Order; and that, upon this, the Jour- # An Act of Parliament, of the 3d Year of his late Ma-

neymen of the City of London, seeing what Advantage jetty’s Reign, was produced to your Committee, and

their Brethen at Westminster had obtained under the said read; reciting an Act of the Parliament of Scotland,

Order, w hereby they w ere to be paid advanced Wages passed in the Year 1693, by which a Duty of Two Pen-for One Half of the Year, contrary to all Practice, and to nies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, was the Diredlioris of the said Act: of Parliament, were en- given to the said Town and Community, over and above couraged to apply to the General Quarter Sessions in the the King’s Excise, upon the Pint of all Ale and Beer,

City of London,' held after Michaelmas last, to have which (hotild be brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, their Wages advanced, and the Hours of their Work and fold, within the said Town, Suburbs, and Liberties lessened; whereupon the Court ordered their Wages to thereof, from the ift of July 1693, for 30 Years; which be settled at Two Shillings a Day for Three Quarters cf said Duty is, by the said Act of the 3d of his late Ma-the Year, and Two Shillings and Six Pence for the re- jetty’s Reign,.further continued for the Term of 19 maining Quarter, and at the same time took off One Years.

Hour in every Day from the Time of working; and that Then an Act, of the 9th Year of his late Majesty's upon this the Journeymen of Westminster, observing the Reign, was read; whereby the said Duties are extended Variance between the said Orders, have now this last over the Parishes of St. Cuthberfs, Cannon Gate, South Christmas preiumed to apply again to the Quarter Sessions and North Leith, and a further Term of 19 Years granted for the County of Middlesex, to advance their Wages for collecting thereof; and the said Duties are, by the (till higher, and to lessen the Hours of Work; which said respective Acts, appropriated for carrying on a Va-Petition is now depending; and that the Petitioners, riety of publick Works, and several other Purposes, de-vexed with the Proceedings of the said Journeymen, and feribed at large in the said several Acts, seeing no End of these Disturbancesand Litigations, have Then an Account was produced, and proved to your found it necessaty to resort to the House for Redress; and Committee to be signed by Alexander Chalmers, Accomp-alleging, That the Petitioners have, for many Reasons, tanc for his Majesty’s Revenues of Excise, and also Ac-found the said Act of Parliament inefficient for their Re- comptant for the said Duty, which Account is hereunto lief; and that, notwithstanding the Aid of that Law, annexed; by which it appeared, That all the Money they have not been able to curb the Insolence, or suppress collected had been truly applied, pursuant to the Direc-the Riots, of the said Journeymen Taylors, or prevent tions of the several Acts whereby the same was granted; them from extorting larger Wages than their Labour de- and that the whole Charges of the Management was no serveth, to the Difquier of the publick Peace, and the more than 129/. 17 s. \o\d. per Annum: evil Example of ail Journeymen and Labourers in other That the Decrease of the said Revenue had been vety Branches of Trade and Business: And therefore praying, considerable; for in the Year 1724. the net Produce was That the House would take the Premises under their 7,939/. iid, and in the Year 1750 only 4,758/. Consideration, that the said Act may be amended, that 18 r 8|*/.

the Wages and Hours of Work may be ascertained; And it also appeared by the said Account, That the and that some one Court may be appointed finally to de- Debt of the City, on the First: of July 1723, amounted termine any Difference which may arise in both Cities; 1078,164/. 3/. 7 ^d. and on the First of March, 175^-and grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Pre- the said Debt amounted to 71,997/. 12s. 11 d. so that mises as to the House shall seem meet. they have only been ableto pay the Sum of 6,166/. ioj.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- 8 d. by reasonr of the above-mentioned Decrease of the fideration of a Committee: And that they do examine said Duty.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their It also appeared, to your Committee, by the said Ac-Opinion thereupon, to the House: count, That the Interest, and other annual Burdens,

And it is referred to Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Belchier, charged on the said Duty, amount to 4,467/. 19s. 6f d.

Sir IVm. Tenge, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. so that in the Year 1751, the Revenue amounting to no Mitchell, General Oglethorpe, Sir Geo. Lyttleton, Sir John more than 4,758/. 18 s. 81</. as aforesaid, there only Barnard, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Batburjl, Mr. remained 290/. 9* 2 d. for carrying on the several Prowje, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Villiers, Mr; Sandys, Mr. publick Works, and for paying off the capital Debt con-Dowdeswell Mr. Cooke, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fonereau, tradled by virtue of the said several Acts.

Mr. Kent, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, Mr. And several Members present informed your Commit-Lyfter, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Budge?:, Mr. Kynaston, Lord tee, That the Town House belonging to the said City Hillsborough, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Mackey, fell down about Seven Years ago, and is now in Ruins,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Baconand, from the great Decrease of the ordinary Revenue of Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Lord Strange, the said City, ’tis apprehended it cannot be rebuilt by any Mr. Jjummer, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Morris, other Means than a voluntary Contribution; and that Mr. Grenville, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Peachy, Lord Advocate several of the publick Works, which are extremely ne-of Scotland, Lord Luxborough-, and ali the Members who cessary to be finished, and for the completing of which serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, and Essex, the said Duty is appropriated by the above-mentioned and for the City of London: And they* are to meet this Acts, are yet unfinished.

Vol. 26.

iD

Aa

Edinburgh Two Pennies Scots.

378 170 Januariu A. 1752.

-An ABSTRACT of the gross and net Produce of the City of Edinburgh's Duty on Ale and Beer, which commenced 1 (t Juy 1723, and terminates ift July 1761, for the following 27 Years j viz.

Year. Ended I ft July. Gross Produce, inclusive of Charges recovered from Brewers decreeted. Dedufl f — Overcharges and Exports. ions for Arrears depending. Annual net Produce.

s. d. s. d. / r. d. d.

Ill 1724 8,009 9 I 2 4 2 J 67 8 9i 7.939 l6 ii

2 1725 7,6 u 8 5* 3 *3 IO I40 19 1 7,466 '5 6i

3 1726 ^93i 8 ii 0 18 4» , 46 8 I I 6,884 O 9*

4 1727 7,432 9 6i 4 4 3i I79 r 1 6* 7.249 3 81

5 1728 7.038 18 3* 4 9 Hi 276 17 6 6.757 IO lOf

€ 1729 6,378 2 io| 0 9 3i l9S 7 si 6,182 6 2

7 1730 6,446 16 9 0 12 7* 84 8 «li 6,361 >5 >i

8 1731 6,782 3 ii O 16 O 54 9 5i 6,726 17 8

9 1732 6,729 9 6i 4 8 ii 44 0 8 6,681 O 9

10 1733 6,677 2 8f 3 5 7i 82 18 9 6,590 l8 3i

11 1734 6,600 3 10, 5 9 8i 5° 12 34 6,544 1 I IO

12 1735 6,230 O 5i I 1 6i 67 13 8i 6,161 O 24

>3 1736 6,158 3 4i 3 12 I S3 0 6 6,101 IO 8 i

>4 1737 5,849 8 0 18 9i ic6 x9 o| 5.741 IO 4

1S >7 33 5»476 5 9* I 18 Si 7i 7 Si 5.4° 3 9 io|

l6 *7 39 5.437 3 3i 7 5 8 56 10 ioi 5,373 6 84

>7 2740 5,287 11 I 6 S 9* 60 *9 Si 5,220 5 ioi

18 1741 4.491 5 ii IO 2 2 22 2 94 4,459 10 2i

19 1742 4.622 7 ai 42 16 1 of 5° 16 >>* 4,528 >3 5

Total. 120,191 16 I I IO4 18 4l 1,712 14 3* 118,374 4 2i

20 >7*3 4,760 2 7 4 I *4 5 68 9 2i 4,689 8 Hi

21 744 5,022 5 I 4 7 61 >33 6 9 4,885 0 9i

22 1745 4.856 5 3* 10 3 IOO 18 ill 4.745 3 ii

23 1746 4.467 7 6 1 3 IOi 253 4 ii| 4.212 18 8

24 747 4,662 4 5* 1 2 9 88 12 5* 4.572 9 3

25 1748 4,856 I 9i 10 6 0 >33 5 3 4.712 10

26 749 4,9H 10 2? 9 x9 10 HO 4 ii 4.7 91 6 24

27 1750 4,911 12 IOj 20 10 ioi >J2 3 3i 4.7 58 18 84

158,639 16 74 164 6 ioi 2.733 9 3i 155.74* 0 6

Deduce Allowances granted to Brewers 5 viz.

To Adam Thomfen - - - - . 43 3 o{

To John Hay, John Bell, and William Bruce - - - - 106 54!

.__________149 8 4i

Remains of net Produce - - r 155»592, 12

State shewing the Amount of the City of Edinburgh's capital Debt, as it flood at the

following Periods viz.

At 1 ft July 1718, when the Act of Parliament was obtained.

The principal Sums then due«by the City, exclusive of^. 834 . 1 . 4!. of Interest, as per Lift thereof laid before the City's Overseers, and by them ordered to be entered in the Books, relative to this Duty, and which was done accordingly, as per Journal, Page ift. amounted to

24,583 19 ir

At ift July 1723 when the Duty commenced.

The principal Sums then due by the City, a* per Lift thereof laid before the said Overseers, entered in said Journal, Page 35, 36, and 37, amounted to - - - - £ 73>4*4 3 7i

From which deducing the above Sum inlisted ift July 1718, being - - 24,583 19 11

Remains of principal Sums borrowed from ift July 1718, to ift July 1723,

for carrying on the several Purposes of the Grant - - 48,830.3 4M30 3 H

Amount of principal Sums due by the City the ift July 1723, as above - 73*414 3 74*

To which adding the following Sums; viz.

The Price of Caltcn Hill and Leith Mills, purchased from Lord Balmerino, for which, in pursuance of the Act of Parliament, the City by Decret Arbitral, was decerned to pay -As also the Sum decerned to be paid by the City to the Proprietors of sundry Breweries, for fub-jesting the said Breweries to the City's Impost on Ale -

Total of the City's Debt at ift July 1723 -

4,083 6 8

666 13 4 78,164 3 n

At

25Gko.IL I7& Jttnudnu

At ift March 17-!-?» to which Time the Accounts relative to this Duty, are cleared and approven of by the said Overseers, the City’s Debt of Principal, Interest, and other Preflations amounted to ——

W hich being deduced from the Amount of the City’s Debt, as it stood the id'July 1723

The Remainder fbews the Decrease of the City’s Debt since the ift July 1723, which, by reason of the low Produce of the Duty, has only been -

The annual Burdens on the City of Edinburgh's Duty on Ale *and 6eer are as under; viz. Interest of principal Sums at the different Rates they bear -

Salaries to Three Professors in the University of Edinburgh; viz. Two of Laws, ind One of History, at £. 100. each -

Ditto to the Profcfabr of Divinity £. 50. and of Anatomy £. 35.

Stipend to the Minister of the New Gray Frier Church Edinburgh - -

Ditto to Two French M millers -

Ditto to the Ministers ot South Leith £.44. 10. and to the Minified of the Cannon-gate

£ 33 6* 8*:

Aid of the Deficiency of the City’s ordinary Revenue -

Annual Equivalents to sundry Heretors in the NTeighbourhcad of Edinburgh, for subjecting the ir

Properties to said Duty *- -

I , Charges of Management; viz.

Salaries to Collector, Accomptant, Clerks, Officer, - - - 110 1 6 7

Incidents from a Medium of lait iO Years, estimated to - - A 19 16

S. d. p<jinburgh.

Two Pennies 71,997 12 11 Scot*.

fi,i66 ICS n

3>°34 II v

306 0 0

85 0 0

13.8 17 9r

iii 2 2*

ll 16 8

452 0 b

138 13 i

129 17 ioi

4>46-7 »9 H

Vol. a#

A GENERAL

D

CQ

N CD Q_ cr

o

o

eg.

FT

4-

.. ° i8

° cr

? 3 5

3 OK?

S'®*

o

n

A GENERAL ACCOUNT, shewing the net Produce of the City of Edinburgh's Duty of Tw’o Pennies Scots, or -j- of a Penny Sterling, on each Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, granted to the City, by Act A0. 30. Geo. ift. for 19 Years, from ift July 1723, and continued to the City by Act A0. 90. of his said Majesty for other 19 Years, which determines the ift July 1761; shewing also the net Sums borrowed by the City since the ift July 17185 with the Purposes to which the said net Produce and Borrowings have been applied, during the Years after mentioned*

00 9

Net Produce of the Duty and Borrowings, &c. viz. To the Amount of the net Produce of the Duty for the First 27 Years; viz. from ift July 1723, to ift: July 1750, as per preceding Page - - - - - £.155,592 12

To Cash proper to the 28th Year of said Duty, commencing

ift July 1750, received preceding the 21st February 17-54 2,203 19 Total arising from the Produce

To the net Amount of principal Sums borrowed by the City, after Deduction of principal Sums paid from ift July 1718, to 1 ft March 17-f® -

From which deducing a Balance due to the £.

City by the Royal Bank, of - - - 1,065 15 io7

£ s. d.

AsalfotheBalancesduetotheCity) 20 8 23 by John Scott and Geo. Inncs - J 35 4 9

35,248 16 6-j

55 12 113

Remains arising from Borrowings

1,121 8

To the Earl of Hopetoun, for Lead furnished by his Lordship to the City’s publick Works, pursuant to Contratt, here charged (though not received in Cash) because placed to the City’s Credit, on Account of the Pipes, esse. -

To Cash received from the T ruftees for Improvements in Scotland at Mart. 17 2 9, as the Price of Five Acres of Land purchased by the City for accommodating their Cambrick Weavers, disponed by the City to the said Trustees 273 o To Ditto recovered out of the Cess of Edinburgh, in Part,

£. 83. 6. 8. Sterling, imposed in July 1735, towards repaying the City’s Advance for building Shades and Inclosures in The CaJlle-bilL, for keeping the Utensils and Materials of the City’s Water-works - - - - 26197

s.

d.

157,796 II 10

34>*7 7

3>699 7

Application thereof to the Purposes after mentioned; viz.

On account of the City’s publick Works; viz.

The Pier, Harbour, and Quay, of Leith -

The Water Pipes, Springs, and Fountains -The Causeways and Highways - -

Building the New Gray Frier Church, and Silver Plate to it The City Walls and Ports -

The General Register in the Laigh Parliament House

Total paid out of this Fund - 38,951 7 Besides which, there has been paid for publick Works out of the City’s proper Revenue, by sundry City Treasurers,from Michaelmas 1737, to Michaelmas 1750, to the Amount of

s. d.

15.462 2

n.571 16 IOi

V. H 00 14 9i

3»°45 5 2

166 '9 Of

88 9

6,025 13 o

£44.977

299 19 7

£ 195,923 6 3!

The Abstract of the gross and net Produce of the City of Edinburgh's Duty on Beer and Ale, for the First Twenty-seven Years thereof; viz. from ift. July 1723, to ift July 1750; the State of the City’s Debt at different Periods, and the prefenc annual Burdens on the said Duty all specified on the preceding Page; the net Cash, t£c. received by the City from ;ft July 1718, to ift March 17-K, arising either from Borrowings or the Produce of die Duty, with the Purposes to which the same has been applied, as above stated; are all taken from the City’s Books in relation to the said Duty, in my Hands; which is humbly certified at Edinburgh, this 27th December 1751, by

By Interest paid to the City’s Creditors -By annual Equivalents paid to sundry Gentlemen for subjecting their Lands and Breweries -

By annual Predations; viz. Salaries to sundry Professors in the College, Stipends to Ministers, Aid of Revenue, and Aid of City Guard, i£c. -By Charge of maintaining and employing the vagrant Poor -By Charges of Management, &c. viz.

Salaries without and within Doors, inclusive of those granted for the Oversight of the City’s publick Works - -7,167 12 83-

Incidents; viz. the Charge of solliciting and procuring the Act of Parliament for the Extension and Prolongation of the Duty,

Coal and Candle, Office Rent, Stationary Ware, Law, and other Charges, and for Decreets and.Poyndings, (sfr. - 3,666 7 24

ioi,749 10

3>592

37>6'7

3>l7°

17

9

ok

7i

10,833 ioi

I-

38.9S1

t. d 7



15*5.97 > 19

£ 195.923

6 3*

Or

Alex. Chalmers, Accomptant,

25 Geo. IL 170

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by Twofeverai Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Ker, Mr. Fletcher, Colonel Haldane, and Sir Henry Erskine, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

petition of A Petition of the distressed Widows of the CommiHlofi Navy officers and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, being Widows. offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

Jt passed in the Negative, pa^uami£ Sir William Tonge reported from the Committee, ap-bioms. pointed to consider of Heads of a Rill for the more easy Con vision of Receivers of stolen Goods, and for the Regulation of Pawnbrokers, within the Bills of Mortality, That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, who shall, after a Time to be limited, exercise the Trade of a Pawnbroker, or Broker, dealing in Second Hand Goods, within the Bills of Mortality, shall take out a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Licences shall be granted, in like manner, as Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors are, by Law, directed to be granted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person be intided to take out such Licence, unleis he is an Housekeeper, and is rated, and pays, to Church or Poor, in the Parish where he carries on his Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, taking out such Licence, shall pay for the same per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Pawnbroker, or Broker, dealing in Second Hand Goods, within the Bills of Mortality as aforesaid, who shall exercise such Trade, without such Licence, shall forfeit the Sum of and, for the Second Offence, the Sum of and for the Space of and, for the Third Offence,

be for the Space of such Forfeitures to

be levied in like manner as the Forfeitures for selling spirituous Liquors, without Licence, are to be levied.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person keeping a Shop or Room for the Loan of Money, or making a Trade of lending Money upon Pawns or Pledges, in any less Sum chan shall be

deemed a Pawnbroker.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person, who makes a Trade of buying and selling Second Hand Goods, shall be deemed a Broker; wich a Proviso, that no Person, who shall take Second Hands Goods in the way of his own Trade only, shall be deemed a Broker.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Pawnbroker and Broker shall put his Christian and Surname, and Trade, in legible Characters, over his Door.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person, pledging or felling Goods to any one acting as a Pawnbroker, or Broker, who has not his Name and Trade so placed over his Door, shall forfeit the Sum of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Pawnbroker, or Broker, shall keep a Book, Vol. 26.

in which he shall enter the Day of the Month on which he shall buy, or take any thing in Pawn; together with a Description of the Thing, the Sum paid or advanced thereon, and the Name of the Person, and the Place of his Abode, from whom such Thing was bought, or taken in Pawn.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Pawnbroker, or Broker, shall buy, or take any thing in Pawn, before Seven of the Clock in the Morning, or after Plight in the Evening, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September; or before Eight in the Morning, or after Six in the Evening, from the Thirtieth Day of September to the Twenty-fourth Day of March inclusive; in every Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Pawnbroker, or Broker, who shall buy, or take any thing in Pawn, which shall have been advertised to have been loft or stolen, and sufficiently described, in some one publick Paper, to be specified for chat Purpose, within the Space of Days preceding, shall be deemed guilty of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar any Pawnbroker, or Broker, who, having bought, or taken any thing in Pawn, which has been loft or stolen, shall not, upon such thing being, within the Space of Days next following, advertised, and sufficienrly described, in such Paper, forthwith give Notice thereof to the Person so advertising, shall be deemed guilty of

and such Pawnbroker, or Broker, so giving Notice as aforesaid, shall be intitled to the Reward of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for encouraging Prosecutions against Pawnbrokers, or Brokers, so offending, it shall be in the Power of the Court to order all or any Part of the Fine, set upon such Offender, to be paid to the Prosecutor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Pawnbroker, or Broker, who shall lufpe&any Person coming to his Shop to fell or pawn any thing, not to have come honeitly thereby, shall and may seize and detain such Person, and the Thing offered to be sold or pawned, in his Custody, till he can procure a Constable, or other Peace Officer, who shall forthwith carry such Person and Thing before a Justice of Peace; and in case, upon Examination, such Justice shall find Reason to suspect such Person of not having come honestly by such thing, he shall and may commit him for safe Custody for the Space of Days, and shall in the mean time order

such Thing to be advertised, and described, in the said Paper; and the Publisher of such Paper shall immediately insert such Advertisement without any Fee or Reward, and without paying any Duty for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, if any Action shall be brought against such Pawnbroker, or Broker, on account of such Seizure or Detainer, he may plead the general Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, and shall be intitled to Costs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, toencourage'Pawnbrokers and Brokers to stop such iufpected Persons, any Pawnbroker, or Broker, so (top* ping such suspected Person, shall, in case such Person be convicted, be intitled to a Licence for the ensuing Year, without paying any Duty for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Pawnbroker shall, upon Pretence of Interest or Warehouse Room, or upon any other Pretence whatsoever, take above the Rate of per Week for every advanced upon any Loan, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, so as such Sum advanced does not exceed and, in case such Sum

advanced does exceed then no more than

after the Rate of per Month for every

and, in case such Sum advanced does exceed

then after the Rate of per Month (always

reckoning Four Weeks to the Month) for every advanced, under the Penalty of and to be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 5 E That

Whitehead's Debt to the {frown.

f re venting Robberies, *c.

African

Company,

382 170 Januarii. . 1752,

That any Pawnbroker, taking Goods in Pawn, where the Sum advanced shall be or upwards, shall give to

the Person pawning them a Receipt, containing the Day of the Month, and a Description of the Thing pawned, the Sum Jent, and the Names of the Borrower and Lender; and shall be intitled to receive for such Receipt, in case the Sum lent does not exceed the Sum of and no more; and, in case the Sum lent

does exceed then the Sum of and

no more.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person pledging, or offering to pledge, any Goods, without telling at the same time to such Pawnbroker his own true Name, and also the true Name of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, to the best of his Knowledge, shall forfeit the Sum of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Pawnbroker, who having taken in Pawn any thing, on which he shall advance any Sum not exceeding shall be enabled to sell the same, in case such Thing shall not be redeemed within the Space of Calendar Months; and, in case the Sum advanced shall not exceed then he shall be intitled to sell the same, in case such Thing shall not be redeemed within the Space of Calendar Months; and, in calc the Sum advanced shall exceed then he shall be intitled to

sell the same, in case such Thing shall not be redeemed within the Space of Calendar Months; Notice

being given to the Owner of such Thing, or the Person pawning the lame, at lead preceding such

Sale.

Ordered, That the said Report, with respect to the Licences to be granted to Pawnbrokers, and Brokers, dealing in Second Hand Goods, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Hoblyn, according Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of George Whitehead., late of the City of Bristol, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and his Sureties, is referred, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George Whitehead, of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John Whitehead and Thomas Whiteheady a Debt due to ^he Crown for Customs on Tobacco.

And Mr. Hoblyn moved tbc House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Geo?ige Whitehead, of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John Whitehead, and Thomas Whitehead, a Debt due ta the Crown for Customs on Tobaccos And that Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Serose, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

hend, intended to be vested, when an Act shall pass for diverting the Petitioners thereof; and that, by the said Act, Commissioners were appointed to examine and ftace the Claims of the Creditors who had Demands upon the Petitioners, who, in pursuance of the said Act, and of a subsequent Act of the last Session of Parliament, have examined into the Claims of the said Creditors, and delivered Reports of their Proceedings into the House; and that the Petitioners, although not diverted by any Act for that Pur* pose, yet, to fbew their Readiness to act up to the Intention of the Legislature, have removed the Governors and Officers abroad, that had been appointed by the Petitioners; and have granted Commissionsto the several Governors and Officers, that have been named and recommended by the said new Company; and are ready to do whatever may be further required or judged necessary, on their Parts, to establish the said new Company, in the full and absolute Possession of all their Forts and Castles, Canoe Men, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Property, on the Coast of Africa (their Goods and Merchandize only excepted) upon having a reasonable Compensation for the fame, to be applied to the Payment of their Creditors, and making Satisfaction to their Proprietors; and that the Time for restraining the Petitioners Creditors from commencing Suits against the Petitioners, will expire the 17th o{March next ensuing; and that the Petitioners are now, and for Two Years last part have been, obliged, for the Purposes of granting Commissions, and other necessary publick Acts, to be and subsist as a Company in their corporate Capacity, which is and hath been attended with an Expence, that the Petitioners have not any Means to support: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellorof the Exchequer acquainted cheHouse, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, as far as it may relate to the Charter, the Possessions in Africa, and the Creditors of the said Company, to do therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered^That the further Report of the Commissioners, for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed the last Session (intituled, An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned; and for the Relief of David Crichton; and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned; and for flaying all Suits for Money due from, or on the Account of, the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned; be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine and state to the House the Matters therein contained, with their Observations thereupon.

Mr. Bathurst presented to the House, according to And it is referred to Mr, Dowdeswell, Mr. Charlton, Order, a Bill for the better preventing Thefts and Rob- Mr. Nugent, Mr, Sandys, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bathurst, beries, and for regulating Places of publick Entertain- Mr. Palmer, Mr. Potter, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. ment, and punishingPersons keeping disorderly Houses: Gore, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Laroche,

And the same was received; and read the First time. Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Burrell, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Torke, Lord Dupplin,

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Williams, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Drake, A Petition of the Royal African Company of England Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fane, Mr. Legge, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Fellowes, Mr. Lyster. Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. That, by an Act, of the 23d Year of the Reign of his pre- Gafhry, Mr. Abercrombie, Lord hillsborough, Mr. Treva-sent Majesty (intituled, An Act for extending and im- nion, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cooke; and all the proving the Trade to Africa) a new Company was efta- Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Af-blished, by the Name of the Company of Merchants ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: trading to Africa, in whom the Forts and Castles be- And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and longing to the Petitioners are, as the Petitioners appre- Records.

A Petition

African

Company.

African

Company*

Guthrie’s Loss of Tobacco*

15 Geo. II. 170 Januarii. 383

A Petition bfjbfeph Phillips, of Ginge, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, the acting Executor and residuary Legatee of the last W ill and Testament of Mary Brookes Widow, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Royal African Company of England, in August 1739, °Pcned a Subscription, for the raising ao,oooo /. by Loan, to be employed in their Trade, and to be repaid the Subscribers, by Four equal Payments, in the Months of August, September, October, and November 1740, with Interest, at the Rate of 5 per Cent.; and that on the 31st of August 1739, the said Mary Brookes subscribed, and actually paid in, upon this Loan, joo /. for which (he took the Receipt of Nix. Richard Spence, the proper Officer of the Company, for that Purpose; and that the said Royal African Company repaid 250/. of the 500l. and also paid thelnterest of the remaining 250/. to the 28th June 1743 $ and there being 59/. 2 s. 6 d. Interest, due on the re main -ing 250/. amounting, with the said 250/. to 309/. 2 s. 6d. they, on the 21st March 1747, issued their Bonds for the said 309/. 2 s. 6 d. bearing Date the 21st Day of March 1747, and numbered 486 for 100l. 487 for 100l. and 488 for 109/. 2 s. 6d.; and that no Part of the Principal or Interest of the said Bonds hath been paid; but the said 309/. 2s. 6d. and all Interest for the fame, is (till due; and that the said Mary Brookes died in the Year 1747, having made her Will, and the Petitioner one of her Executors. and the only acting one, and residuary Legatee, who is intitled to the said Bonds, and the Money due thereon; and that the said Petitioner, living chiefly in the Country, never heard, or was informed, of the A££ for appointing Commissioners to examine and state the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company; and therefore did not apply in due Time, to prove the said Debt; so that the same was not included in the Report of the Commissioners, delivered into the House the last Session of Parliament; and the further Time given by the Act of Jaft Session, to the said Commissioners, being only to enquire and state the Claims particularly mentioned in the said Act, the Petitioner will be now totally deprived of any Satisfaction for his Debr, which was so fairly contracted, and is so justly due to him, unless relieved by the House: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Conficleration; and grant him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the further Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed the last Session (intituled, An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa,) to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company, therein mentioned; and for the Relief of David Crichton; and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned; and for flaying all Suits for Money due from or on the Account of the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned; is referred; and that they do examine and state to the House the Matter contained in the said Petition, with their Observations thereupon.

A Petition of James Guthrie, for himself and Company, Merchants in Dumfries, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners did, in the Month of May 1750, enter for Exportation, at the Port of Kir-kudbright, 253 Hogsheads, containing 231,328 Pounds of Tobacco, for which the Duties had been duly paid and secured by the Petitioners, at Importation, according to Law; and which, after being regularly inspected by the proper Officers of the Customs, were fliipt on board the Ship Neptune, of Dumfries, James Sturgeon Mailer, for France; and that the said Ship, with the said Tobaccoes on board, after being finally cleared at the Custom-house, proceeded on her Voyage; but ijn going down tr.c River

You 26*

of Kirkudbright, and before die got without the Lirflits of the Port, (he (truck on a Rock, by which Accident (he Was overfer, and filled with Water; and that the Matter immediately acquainted the chief Officers at Kirkudbright of the Misfortune, and likewise delivered the Ship and Cargo into their Charge, so that the Tobaccoes might bd taken out in their Sight, and the Ship floated, and brought into a proper Place,where her Damage might be repaired; and that accordingly, wich the Consent of the said Officers/ and under their Inspection, the whole of the saidTobaccoeg were taken out of the Ship, and landed; but, upon Examination, were found to be so greatly damaged, that no more than 7,920 Pounds could be picked out of the whole, that was dry, and fit for Use, which was weighed and packed up by the Officers, and dill remains in their Custody; and that the Remainder of the Cargo, being 2 23,408 Pounds,was burnt at the Sight, and with the Approbation/ of the said Officers, the same being totally damaged, and unmerchantable; and that, notwithstanding the Petitioners proceeded in every Step of this Transaction in Concurrence, and under the Inspection, of the Officers; and also were at a considerable Charge, to prevent any Embezzlement of the damaged Tobaccoes, to the Detriment of the Revenue, by keeping, at their Expence, a Guard of near Twenty Officers, constantly during the landing and burning the said Tobaccoes; yet the Collector of the Customs at Kirkudbright refused to grant the Petitioners a Debenture,whereby they might be intitled to draw back the Duties on such Part of the Tobaccoes as had been burnt, unless he had an Order from the Commissioners of the Customs so to do; and when the Petitioners applied to the Commissioners for such Order, they refused the fame; alleging, That the Law allows of no Drawback, unless. the Goods are exported to foreign Parts, or loft at Sea, without the Limits of the Port where (hipt; so that the Petitioners are Itill unsatisfied for the whole Drawback of the Tobaccoes which were burnt, amounting to 5,878/. i8j. 10id. as well as for the Property of the 7,920 Pounds of found Tobacco, delivered to the Officers; and that, although the Law has made no Provision for this, particular Accident, yet in a similar Cafe, viz. That of Tobaccoes burnt in a Warehouse, by the Statute of the 12th of Queen Anne, the Drawback is allowed; but, in this Cafe, though the Merchant had done all in his Power to have the Tobaccoes exported in the manner prescribed by Law; and though they are certainly, to every Intent and Purpose,with regard to the Revenue, in the same same as if burnt in a Warehouse, or loft at Sea, yet here the Law provides no Relief: And therefore offering the same of the Petitioners to the Consideration of the House; and praying the y will grant such Relief, as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Colleton, Nix. Ellis, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. West, Mr. Torke, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Hay, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Potter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Barrington, Nix. Bathurst, Me*Grenville, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Southwell, Nix. Hampden, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lyster, Mr. JVebb, Colonel Monckton; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within, and for the County of Northumberland, by virtue of an Act passed me last Session of Parliament, for the making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of

Newcastle

Carl i fie v Road.

Carlisle

Road,

Bounty on Sail-Cloth.

384 170 Januarii. ^.1752.

ATewcaJlle-upon-Tyne, being offered to be prefenced to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Con side ration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are, by the said Act, constituted and appointed Commissioners and Trustees for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and for putting in Execution all the Powers and Authorities in and by the said Act granted, so far as the same relates to or concerns that Parc of the said Road which lies in the County of Northumberland; and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities so veiled in them, by the said Act, have, with the urmost Care, caused Part of the said Road, in the Councy of Nor thumb e> land, to be amended and made pafiable; and made great Progress towards executing the other Truffs repoled in them, by the said Act, with the greatrft Caution and Frugality; but that the Petitioners find they cannot finifti the said Road, or completely execute any of the said Powers so veiled in them as aforesaid, unless die House shall bepleased to grant the Petitioners a further Sum of Money, exclusive of what doth remain in the Hands of the Petitioners, for thofePurposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such a further Sum of Money, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Cumberland, by virtue of an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for the making, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the City of Carlfle, to the Town of Newcastle-upcn-Tyne, being also offered to be prefen ted to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of this Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was also brought up, and read, containing the same Allegations and Prayer, with respect to that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Cumberland, as were contained in the former Petition, with respect to that Part which lies in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and several Manufacturers of British Sail Cloth, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That the Fund which was established for the Payment of the Bounties upon the Exportation of British-made Sail-Cloth, having been found insufficient, the Manufacturers applied to the House in the Year 175oforRelief, and aClause was accordingly inserted in an Act of Parliament, in order the more effectually to secure the Payment of the Bounties which had been granted; by which Clause it was enacted, That, from and after the FirftDayofyjM? 1750, the Bounty which is now payable upon Exportation of British Sail Cloth, out of the Duty of One Penny per Ell, on foreign Sail Cloth imported, should, from time to time, for the future, be supplied and paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, after satisfying all Payments already charged thereupon, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf, in manner, and under the Regulations and restrictions, as are directed and prescribed by the several Acts for the Payment of such Bounties; and alleging, That the Words, u after satisfying all Payments " already charged thereupon, by any former Act or Acts <c of Parliament, in that behalf/' being inserted in the said

Clause, the Encouragement formerly granted by the Le-

Sfifiature, and by the said Clause intended to be effectually , ecured, hath been entirely defeated, by reason that several other Bounties are charged upon the said Fund j and the Payment of such Bounties hath, by the said Restriction, a Preference to the Payment of the Bounties upon Britifej-mndc Sail Clothi and as Debentures are continually Handing our, upon Account of such other Bounties, it is impossible to obtain any Allowance upon the Exportation of the said Manufactures; and the Bounties are wholly in Arrear ever since the passing of the said Clause: And therefore praying, That the Payment of the Bounties, granted for the Support and Encouragement of this important and valuable Manufacture, may be secured and paid, in the same manner as the other Bounties, charged upon the said Fund, are secured and paid; or that such other Relief may be granted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Sul thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many ltoa others, Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the Countics of Surry and Kent, and of the City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, an Act was passed, intituled, An Act for amending the Hoads from the City of London, to the Town of East Grinjlcad> in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry, wherein divers Persons were nominated and appointed Trustees for the surveying, ordering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Highways or Roads which are therein described to be leading from the Stones End at Blackman Street, through Croydon and Godstone, to Eafi Grinstead aforesaid, and from the said Stones End, through Clapbam, Tooting, and Mitcham, to Sutton aforesaid, and from the said Stones End, through Wandsworth> to Kingston aforesaid, and from Vauxball Bridge, leading into the said several Roads; and chat by the said Acct the said Truf-tceshad, and have, a Power granted them, to erect, or cause to be erected, a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, cross any Part or Parts of the said Highways or Roads; and to receive and take the several Tolls therein mentioned 5 and that the said Act has, by sundry subsequent Acts, been continued and confirmed, though in some respects varied j but that the Powers granted by them to the severalTrustees therein named have not been extended to any other Roads but those therein, and in the Petition before mentioned and described; and that, since the Building of Westminster Bridge, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for making,widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Pariftics of Lambeth, Newington, St. George Southwark, and Ber-mondjey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent) with an Intention (as set forth in the Preamble thereof) of promoting Intercourse and Commerce between the City of Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and the Counties of Kent, Surry, and Suffix, which will be of publick Utility; and that in and by the said Act several Roads were appointed to be made, widened, and kept in Repair; and Powers were thereby given to the Commissioners and Trustees therein named, for putting the same into Execution, to erect Turnpikes or Toll-gates, or Bars, on the several Roads in the said several Acts before mentioned, and therein particularly described; and that in and by the said last mentioned Act, it is especialiy cnacled/* That, on or before the iftDay of August 1751,

" the Turnpike and Bar in Lambeth Lane, and Toll-bar cc erected near the Alms Houses at Newington, shall be c< taken down; and that no Turnpike or Toll-gate, or c< Bar, for collecting any Tolls or Duties other than such ,c as are made payable by Virtue of that Act only, shall <c thereafter be erected on any Part of the Road thereby <c directed to be widened, laid out, or made as aforesaid, cr or so as to obstruct a free Passage into, or out of, any of the Roads thereby directed to be widened or made/* and that, notwithstanding the Premises, the Trustees for 19 putting

25 Geo. II. 170 — 20 Janu385

putting the first-mentiorfed Act into Execution, have caused a Turnpike or Toil-gate, or Bar, to be erected cross the Road leading from Newington, through Camberwell, into the County of Kent, and Part of the County of Surry, beyond the Bounds prcscribed by Act of Parliament for the said Trustees to act in, not only without any legal Authority, but contrary to the rrue Intent and Meaning of the said Acts of Parliament (as the Petitioners conceive); and that at such Turnpike or Toll-gate, or Bar, all Persons travelling on Horseback,tand all Carriages passing between the City of Westminster, through Newington, Walworth, Camberwell, and Peckham, in the County of Surry, into the County of Kent, are obliged, by the Collectors, to pay a Toll or Duty; by means of which, the several Inhabitants of the County of Kent, and of the said Towns or Villages o('Peckham, Camberwell, Walworth, Newington, and other Places, in that Part of the County of Surry, passingor travelling from thence to the said City of Westminster, are put to an extraordinary Charge of Tolls or Duties, noways warranted by any Act of Parliament (the said Turnpike or Toll-gate, or Bar, being erected on a Road not described in any of the said Acts) to the great Obstruction of a free Passage into, or out of, the said City of Westminster, and the said County of Kent, and several Parts of the County of Surry: And therefore praying the House will take this Matter into their Consideration $ and give such Relief therein to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Denoyer’s A Bill for naturalizing Philip Dencyer was read a Second Nat* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Kynajtcn, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Prowjt, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Torke, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Hampden, Mr Thorn-hagh, Mr. Baynlun Rolt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Harvey, Mr Brake, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hob'yn, Mr. White, Mr. Pofham, Mr. Nortkey, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Guljton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hardtnge, Mr. Lyt-tleton, Mr. Shelley, Lord Barrington, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir Peter Warren, Colonel Bojcawen, Sir John Cu/t Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Dowdejwetl, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hill, Mr. Sandys, Mr* Warburton, Mr. Eliot, Mr Selwyn, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mo rdaunt, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Webb, Adm ral Vernon, Mr. Buller: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hat Ordered, That Mr. Potter, Mr. John Willes, Mr. Ed-

Manufacture. ward Willes, Lord Strange, Mr. Reynolds, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, and other*, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are under written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trade in Great Britain, is referred.

8«cnd Road. Mr. Prowje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence, by Road Church, to Beckingtcn, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mercers Mr. Prowje presented to the House, according to Or-ompany. der, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act paflTed in the 1 lift Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled,

An Act for the Relief* of the Annuitants of the Wardens, VCL. 26.

and Commonalty of the Myftefy of MCrCers of the: City of London) and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lurne, 20° die Januarii j Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

Ames Fremeaux, and Christian Samuel Geledneki, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Manufacturers of Woollen Woollen Cloth, in or near the Town of Stourbridge, in Trade, the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, Matter Weavers, and Ditto. Wool Staplers, of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, in behalf of themselves, and many Thoulands employed by them: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, Serge-makers, and others* Ditto, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, within the Town and Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Clothiers, Ditto, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many more concerned in the Manufacture of Woollen Goods, in the several Towns and Parishes of Rochdale and Bury, in the Forest of P.ojfendale, in the County of Lancajter5

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the Marking or Branding of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool: And praying such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gen- Ditto, tlemen of the Grand Jury, and others. Gentlemen, Clergy, and Wool-growers, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Lancaster, in and for the said County, on Tuesday the 14th Day of January 1752, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Corporation of Lancaster, and of others, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and Wool-growers, in the Hundred of Lonjdale, within the said County, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application is made to Parliament for Redress of some Grievances complained of, relating to Salving of Sheep with Tar, the Branding of the same with hot Pitch and Tar, the false and deceitful Winding of Wool with Dirt, and other Things, in it, to increase the Weight, and the appointing of sworn Wool-winders j and fetcing forth, That considerableQuantities of Wool are grown in the said Hundred, and Parts adjacent; and that some of it is manufactured within the same $ and that, as most Part of the County is very mountainous, it is found, by long Experience, that Salving of Sheep kills the Lice, cures the Scab, and defends them from the Severity of the Cold, upon the snowy Mountains:

And therefore praying, That no Penalty may be inflicted upon Salving of Sheep, at any Time of the Year 5 because the Petitioners apprehend, the greatest Part of them would certainly die without it 5 and alleging. That as to the Brand-

5 F ing

20° Januariu

A tj$i.

ing of Sheep with hot Pitch and Tar, the Petitioners believe it is more in use in some Places than is necessary, to distinguish Property; and that5 it may occasion Waste of Wool, artd do Damage in manufactureiftg the fame; and that brand Marks rnay, with Ease, be made, todistinguish Sheep, vsiihout making life of mudi Pitch or Tar, and clipped off with greater Ease, before the Sheep are (born, thah after,* and that the false Winding of Wool is a mer& Fraud, and ought to be restrained as much as possible: But further praying, That the Petitioners may haV£ Liberty to wind up in One Fleece all fair and clean Wool, that Kis grown and has been clipped off one and the same Sheep, at the same Time, without the Growers thereof being made subject to Penalties, through other subtle Distinctions of the Manufacturer, as to the Parts of the Wool unknown, and not understood by the Growers of Wool j and further alleging, That sworn Wool winders have never been appointed in that Country; and that the Petitioners think they would not redress the Grievance complained of, as is found by Experience, in Places where there have been such.Officers; and that such Officers would, with great Inconvenience, be procured by many great Growers of Wool, who live at a great Dillance from Neighbours, upon the high barren Mountains: And further praying, That all Wool that is growing, or already clipped, and which has been branded, may be excepted from all Penalties to be inflicted, a proper Certificate being produced, and sworn to, before some J office of the Peace, that such Wool had been 1 branded or clipped before the 15th Day of January 17523 and that the Petitioners may have loch Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Anri the said Petitions were feverafly ordered to be referred to the Confirieration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubferihed, on the behalf of themselves, and other Ma chahts, Wool Staplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worded Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblcts, Calamancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the

Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of tht County of York \ and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool Staplers, and others. Manufacturers and Dealers iri Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York-, are referred: And they are to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Hdiifc being informed. That Mr, JVtlford> from Account! of

the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the publick Debts, at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas 1751, with the annual Interest, or other Charges, paid fur the fame: And also.

An Account of the Deficiency at Christmas 1751, of the Half Subsidies of Tonriage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne% and the 6th of King George the First: And also,

An Account of the Deficiency at Christmas 1751, of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors granted to his Majesty, from the 25th Day of March 1743, to satisfy and pay the Annuities, and other Charges thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Deficiency at Christmas 1751, of the additional Duties on Wines granted to his Majesty, from the 25th Day of March 1745, to satisfy and pay the Annuities, and other Charges thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Deficiency at Christmas 1751, of the Duties on Glass, and Spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty, from the 25th Day of March 17463 to satisfy and pay the Annuities and other Charges thereupon. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The (kid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Public Dcbw; and Deficiencies in Daiies.

t

To

DiQitized byG00orI

5 Geo. II. ib° Januariu 387

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens* and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all the publick Debts, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due of (landing out at Christmas 1751, with the annual IntcrCft, or other Charge, paid for the fame.

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original . Sum, contributed and unsubscribed to the South Sea

Company -

Ditto - - for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed - Ditto - - for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths - Ditto - - on the Plate Act, 6° Georgii Primi Regis, at 'per Cent.

Ditto - - for Nevis and St. Christopher's Debentures* at 3/. per Cent, per Annum -

Ditto - - at 3/. 10s.per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1731 Ditto - - at 3/. per Cent, per Annum% Anno 1736, charged on the Sinking Fund ' - -

Ditto - - at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1738, charged on Ditto -

Duties on Salt further continued. Anno 1745 -

Exchequer Bills made out, for Interest of old Bills -

Note, The Land Taxes, and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the 1,000,000l. charged on the Deductions of 6 d.per £. on Pensions, <Ac.

East India Company.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 90 Willi. 3tU Regis, and Two other Acts, 6* et 90 Anna Regina, at 3! per Cent.

Annuities at 3 I. per Cent. per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duty on Low Wines, Spirits, and strong Waters t-

Bank of England.

On their original Fund, at 3 /. per Cent, per Ann. from the ill of August \743 -

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii Primi Regis Purchased of the South Sea Company - -

Exchequer Bills, at 31, per Cent. per Ann. charged on the Duty on Sweets, Anno 1737 -

Annuities at 3- per Cent, per Annum> charged on the Duties on Goals, Csfr. since Lady-day 171-9 Ditto - - at 3I per Cent. per Annumy charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714. - -

Ditto — at 31, per Cent. per Ann. for Lottery Anno 1731 Ditto - - at 3/. per Cent. per Ann. Anno 1742, charged on the Sinking Fund

Ditto — at ^l. per Cent per Ann. Amo 1743, charged on additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and strong Waters - -

Ditto — at 3/. per Cent, per Ann; Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus of Ditto - -

Ditto - - at 3/. per Cent, per Ann. Anno 17451 charged on additional Duties on all Wines imported since Lady-day

1745 . - - - - - - _ -

Ditto — at 3f per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1746, charged on Duties on Glass, and additional Duties on Spirituous Liquors, since Lady-day 1746 - Ditto - - at 3 \ per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1746, charged on Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Ditto -

Ditto - - at 3f per Cent, per Amt. for Lottery Anno 1747, charged on Duties on Coaches, &V. - -

Ditto - - at 31 per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1747, charged on the Duties on Houses, -

Ditto - - at 3 f per Cent, per Ann. for Lottery' and Annuities, Anno 1748, charged on additional Subsidy on Poundage, since lit March 1747.

Principal Debt.

Annual Interest; or other Charges paid for the fame.

£ s. d. X s. d.

1.836,275 17 10J 136.453: 12 8

108,100 0 0 0 7.567 O 0

93,080 14 ioi 11,218 12 0

129.750 0 0 4,54i 5 0

37.821 5 ii L134 12 9

400,000 0 Q 14,000 0 0

600,000 0 0 18,000 0 0

300,000 0 0 9,000 0 0

879,150 0 6 3°>77° S 0

2,200 0 0

3,2QO,000 0 0 113,28514 4

1,000,000 0 0 30,401 15 3

3,200,000 0 0 100,000, 0 0

500,000 0 0 17,500 6 0

4,000,000 0 0 141,898 3 Si

499,600 0 0 14,988 0 0

1,750,000 0 0 61,250 0- 0

1,250,000 0 0 43 >7 5° 0 0

800,coo 0 0 24,288 0 0

800,000 0 0 24,450 0 0

i,8oo,coo 0 O S5>oi2 10 0

1,800,000 0 0 55,012 10 0

2,000,000 0 0 61,125 0 0

2,824,428 II 100,443 14 11

986,800 0 0 34.538 0 0

929,276 10 6 33.047 7 20

4*189,365 5 0 148,984 6 0

6,660,006 18 3 236,846 9 11

VOL. 46.

Annuities

388

io" Januarii.

4- 1752.

Annuities at j| per Cent. per Ann. Anno 17491 charged on the Sinking Fund -

Ditto - - at 3 per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1750, charged on Ditto -Exchequer Bills, at Ditto, Amo 1751, charged on Ditto -Memorandum: The Subscribers of 100l. to the Lottery 1745 were allowed an Annuity for One Life, of 9 s. a Ticket, which amounted to 22,500l. but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 21,655 /. 10 s. o d.\ and the Subscribers of 100l. to the Lottery 1746 were allowed an Annuity for One Life, of i8j. a Ticket, which amounted to 45,000l.$ but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 42,615/.; which Annuities are an Increase of the national Debt; but cannot be added thereto, as no Money was advanced for the same -

South Sea Company.

£ s. d.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Georg Regis i viz. at

Annuities at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, Amo 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund

tock and 1 'git Prim:

Principal Debt.

£ s. d.

2,968,496 8 8

1,000,000 639,901 0 0

2

25.025,309 13 Hi

a, 100,000 O O

Annual lnccreft; or other Charges paid for the fame.

£ d.

105,567 2 uf

30,562 10 o 19^97 o O

64,270 10 o

908,766 12 6f

64,181 5 0

Exchequer, the 20th Day of January 1752.

74>3°9>562 10 3 2,722,052 o of

Edward fVilford.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

AN ACCOUNT of the Deficiency at Christmas 1751, of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities, by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne> and the 6th of King George the First.

Deficiency at Christmas 1751, of the Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for paying the £. s. d.

Annuity, and Charges of Management, to the South Sea Company, for Subscriptions into their Capital, of the Annuities granted by the 2d Ad 1708 - - - 89,925 10 7

Exchequer, the 20th Day of January 1752.

Edward JVilford.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

AN ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of the Income of the additional Duty on British Spirits, since Lady-day 1743, for paying all and every the Annuities, at the Bank of England, after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Ann. on the Sum of 1,800,000l. raised for the Service of the Year 1743, and the Deficiency of the Income of the additional Duty on Low Wines, since Lady-day 1743; Surplus of the additional Duty on Spirituous Liquors, since Ditto, For paying all and every the Annuities to the said Bank, after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent. per Amumy on the like Sum of 1,800,000l.; and also for paying the Annuity to the East India Company, after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent. per Annum, on the Sum of 1,000,000l. at Christmas 1751 j amounting to the Sum of 17,119/. 14*. 4viz.

T0 Annuities for the Bank of England For the East India Company -

In Calli at Christmas 1751; viz.

Additional Duty on British Spirits, since Lady-day 1743 Additional Duty on Low Wines, since D°.

Addidonal Duty on British Spirits, since ill July 1751 -Additional Duty on Low Wines, since D*.

Deficiency at Christmas 1751 Exchequer; the 20th Day of January 1752.

£. s. d. 55,012 10 o 7,500 o o

62,512 10

o

23,337 2 4}

17,805 XO 4t 2,680 *6 1

1,569 6 9

----- -----45>39* x5 7i

- 17,119 14 41

Edward Wilford.

To


15 Geo. IL ao° Januarii.

To the Honourable the Knights* Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament aiTembied.

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of the Income of the additional Impost on all Wines imported, for paying th Life Annuities at the Exchequer; as also the Interest on the Sum of Two Millions raised by Annuities and

For Annuities for Lives

To the Bank for Annuities, at 3/. per Cent, per Annum To D° for Charges of Management

In Cash, at Christmas 1751

Exchequer, the 20th Day of January 1752.

£ S. d.

10,827 15 O

30,000 O O

562 IO O

4L39° 5

34^96 7

o

8

Deficiency at D°

£.6,693 17 4

Edward Wilford.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of the several Rates and Duties upon Glass, fAc. for paying the Life Annuities at the Exchequer; as also the interest on the Sum of Three Millions raised by Annuities and a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1746, at Christmas 1751, amounting to the Sum of 24,968/. 12 s. 10\d. viz.

For Annuities for Lives -

To the Bank for Annuities subscribed at 3 /. 10 j. per Cent. on the principal Sum of 2,824,428 /. 13/. 11 d. -To D° for Charges of Management -

In Cash at Christmas 1751; viz.

Additional Duty on Low Wines since Lady-day 1746 D°. on British Spirits since D°

Duty on Glass since D® -

Deficiency at Christmas 1751

Exchequer,the 20th Day of January 1752.

L s.

21,307 10

49,427 10 794 7

d.

o

o

5

7,885 9 iof

14,157 6 6

24,517 18 2

Edward Wilford.

s.

7J>529 7 5

46,560 14 6

24,968 12 iof

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for naturalizing Christian Samuel Geledneki was Gcl^clcis read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Mr. ‘Tracy, Mr- Brookjbank, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Southwell, Sir Brands Poole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bat bur ft, Mr. Potter, Mr. Morton, Mr. White, General Oglethorpe, Mr, Bristow, Colonel Leighton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Henley, Mr. Fanshaw, Sir . Duncan Campbell, Mr. Townshend', Sir Robert Long, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gore, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Kent, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Thornton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Brand, Mr. Conyers: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

« An ingrossed Bill to continue and make more effectual

Shord*&c. an in the Second Year of the Reign of his

Road«’. ' present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Shephards Sbord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and make more effectual an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Shephards Sherd and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 26.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom shrewfoury the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land- through El-holders, and others, reftding in and near the Towns of lefmereRoadk Shrewsbury and Ellejmere, in the County of Salop, Overton, in the County of Flint, and Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Francis Chambre and Mr. Hill Wicker ley feve rally said.

That they know the Road in the Petition mentioned:

That it is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in Winter, so extremely bad, that it is almost impassable; and thar, from the great Number of heavy Carriages frequently passing thereon, the same cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roadsfrom the Town of Shrewsbury, through Ellejmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh:

And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Middleton, and Mr. Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That Mr. Spence, from Afrjcan the Royal African Company of England, attended at the company. Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Names and Descriptions of such of the Proprietors of African transferable Stock, as were possessed of the same on the 3 ill of December 1748, together with the Quantity of such Stock belonging to each Person, agreeable to an Account which was delivered by

5 G the

390

20° Januarii.

1752.

the said Company to a Committee appointed by the Honourable House of Commons, in the last Session of Parliament, to examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fad: contained in the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And also.

An Account of the Names, and Descriptions of such of the Proprietors of African transferrable Stock, as have become possessed of the same since the 31st December 1748, together with the Quantity of such Stock belonging to each Person; agreeable to an Account which was delivered by the said Company to a Committee appointed by the Honourable House of Commons, in the last Session of Parliament, to examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Market Har- Ordered, That Lord Cobh am, Mr. Laroche, Lord Harry

borough Beau clerk, Mr. Vane, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sandy 5, Lord Ancram,

0J ’ Colonel Pow/ett, General Campbell, Mr. Elliott, Sir Tho-

mas Hales, Mr. Treva?iion, Mr. Hodgkinjon, Mr. Mackay, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Potter, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-owners, and others, in the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Norfolk, and Suffolk, living in or near, or having Communication with, the Roads leading from Market Harborough, in the said County of Leicester, through Dejborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Tbrapfton, in the said County of Northampton, and Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, in the said County of Huntingdon, to a Place called The Pound, in the Parish of Brampton, in the said County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

foreign Trade hath much declined: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Confuieration j and to grant such Relief and Encouragement to the said Manufacture, as the Credit and Importance thereof deserves, and as to the House shall appear needful to preserve the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are underwritten, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, in Great Britain, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fadt contained in this Petition.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manor of Crow land, in the County of Lincoln, to Trustees, in Trust, for Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colleton, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Townshend, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Newnham, Sir Win. Tonge, Sir John Mor-dauntf Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hume, Mr. West, Mr. Bey chier, Mr. Salujhury, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Brookfbank, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Shelly, Mr. Gore, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Gy boon, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bodviile, General Campbell, Mr. Fazakerley, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Ker, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Conolley, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Cranford, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Abraham Hume, Admiral Knowles, Mr. South* well, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Kent, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Morton, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Palmer, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Williams, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Thornton, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Bland, Sir Wm, Co-drington, Mr. Clcvland, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gild art; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cropland

Manor.

A Bill to enable the Parilbioners of the Parish of Greenwich Fremeaux’s A Bill for naturalizing James Fremeaux, Merchant, in the County of ,to deposit Corps in Burial Vault!. Nat. was read ia Second time. the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said P.irish,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brooks- and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame, bank, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Hunter, Sir was read a Second time.

John Cujl, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellis, Sa/usbury, Mr. Southwell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Core, Mr. Mr. Sir John , Sir IVm.

Mr. Hay, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Bayntun Rolt,

Rushout, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Mr Burrell, Mr Sandys, General Oglethorpe, Lord Strange, Mr. Saunders, Lord Strange, Lord Hillsborough,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Legge, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Glanville, Mr. Morton, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Kent, Lord Bathurst, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fan ft aim, Mr. Mr.

Hillsborough, Mr. Butler, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Philiipfon, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Gybbon,

Walpole, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Pinney: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. General Campbell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Mr. Henley, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Nejbitt, Sir Hat Manu- A Petition of the Manufacturers and others concerned Roger Sir Henry Erskine; and all the Members

fasture. in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, Middlesex, and made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester,in the the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

County of Lancaster, whose Names are underwritten, on

behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in A Bill to extinguish the Right of the Lord of the OmWriky Great Britain, mas presented to the House, and read; Manor of in the County of of keep- Inclosu*.

setting forth. That the Art and Mystery of making Hats, ing a Warren for Conies on Linall Common, the Bircbin in Great Britain, hath arrived to great Perfection; and Valley, and the Lytb, and for curing to the said Lord that considerable Quantities of Hats, manufactured in this the Rent now paid for the fame, and for annexing and Kingdom, have heretofore been exported into foreign uniting the said Valley to several ancient Copy-

Coiintries, all Europe having formerly been supplied with holds or customary Tenements, within the said Manor, Beaver-Hats from, England-, but that, of late Years, the was read a Second time.

Resolved,

25 Geo. IL

*20° janu

391

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rush-out, Mr. Townjend, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wilkin/on, Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Gray, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Hale, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. West, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Lee, Mr. Brijlow, Mr. Mart on, Mr. Batburjl, Mr. .$alusbury, Mr. Legge, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. £*//>, Mr. Bacon, Mr. lTardinge, Mr. Leighton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Dowdjwell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Phil-lipjon, Mr. Hume, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Cerfo, Mr. Kent, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Stanwix, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Campbell, Dr. Lee, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Hunter, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Gildart, Lord Strange, Mr. Buller, Mr Sergijcn, Sir H. Erskine, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Conyers, Admiral Veition, Mr. Jenyns; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Snaith, &c. lndofare.

A Bill fur establlfliing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing the Commons and wade Grounds, in the Townships of Snaith, Cowick, and Rawcliffe, in the County of Yorke, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Lord Downe, Sir Walter Blacket, Lord George Cavendish, Captain Edgcumbe, Lord Fred. Cavendish, Mr. Hill, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mojlyn, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Digby, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Duntcmbe, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Wation, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Potter, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Sergijon, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Lee, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bathes, Mr. Hodgjkinfon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore, Sir Duncan Campbell, Colonel Bcjcawen, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Kent, Mr. Richards, Mr. Warbur-ton, Mr. Hampden, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gajbry, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Phillipjon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Turner, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Townfitnd’, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Whitehead’s Mr. Hoblyn presented to the House, according to Or-Debtto the der, a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Crown. Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George Whitehead, of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John Whitehead and Thomas Whitehead, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco': And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Westminster Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to Court House. whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, w hole Names ape thereunto subscribed, in behalf of chemselves, and the rest of the Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of V/eJlminJltr, on behalf of chemselves, / and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty;

were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Wation was examined, and said, That the Justices VoL. 26.

of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster have not of Right any Place to assemble in; and that they have, by the Permission of the Witness, who is Deputy Steward of Westminster, held their Sessions for several Years in the Town Court House, which belongs to the Burgesses and Courts Leet:

That the said Court House is very close, dark, and inconvenient, and is extremely damp and unwholesome; and that there is not sufficient Room for die Suitors, nor the great Number of Prisoners which are frequently brought to be tried at the Sessions:

That he has heard many of the Justices complain of the offensive Stench, and express their Apprehension of their Healths being greatly endangered by their Attendance in the said Place:

That a great many Persons are summoned to serve upon Juries, who are very much incommoded in their Attendance; and that there is not any proper Place for the Juries to retire to consider of their Verdicts, and other Matters:

That it would be for the Benefit and Advantage, not only of the Justices, but of the Inhabitants in general, if a proper and convenient Court House was erected; and that, in his Opinion, a Rate of 2d. in the Pound for One Year,upon the Inhabitants, would defray the Expence thereof.

Mr. Stephen Popham was also examined, with regard to the Expence of erecting the said Court House; and concurred in Opinion with Mr. Wation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the purchasing or hiring a convenient Piece of Ground within the City of Westminster, and for erecting and fitting up a proper Court House for the Use of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty thereof: And that Sir Peter Warren and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Justices of the Peace, and other Persons, living in and near the Road leading from the Top of Togghill, in the Parish of Doynton, in the County of Gloucester, to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, principal Inhabitants of the Town of Chipping Sodbury, and other Persons, living in and near the Road leading from Chippenham, in the County of Wills, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the County of Gloucester; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the lad Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First Petition, Christopher Coddrington Esquire was examined; who said, That he is well acquainted with the Road mentioned in the First Petition, having travelled through it within this Month: That he thinks it impafiable for any Wheel Carriages, except Waggons; and that he met One Wagr-gon upon it, which was with Difficulty drawn by Tea Horses:

That this is the nearest Road from Bristol to London, the other Road, through Bath, being, as the Witness was informed at the Post House, Seven Miles about:

That he apprehends the Stature Labour is insufficient to repair the Road; for that One Parish, in which there are but Five Teams, and but few Inhabitants, is obliged by Law to repair Two Miles of the woift Part of the Road. As to the Road mentioned in the Second Petition,

He informed your Committee, That it was worse than the other-; and that he passed it with great Difficulty about a Month ago on Horseback; and in some Parts of it Two Carriages cannot pass each other.

Mr. Thomas Porter said, he was with Mr. Coddrington at the time he travelled the said Roads, and he confirmed his Evidence in every Particular; and added, That he had 10 often

Chippenham, &c. Road.

1


392 2o° — 210 Jan

often travelled with a Coach through the Road mentioned celles, of London, Merchant, with

in the First Petition, which they were always obliged to his now Wife, and to enable him

hold up on each Side; but that lately they had been for other Purposes therein mentioned, forced to pass through the Duke of Beaufort's Grounds. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mr. Clevland took the Chair of the Committee,

repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippen- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

bam, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togghill, in Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, That they

the County of Gloucester, and from Chippenham aforesaid had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no to the Top of Sodbury Hill, in the said County of Glou- Counsel or Party appeared against it; and that the Com-

tester: And that Sir William Codrington and Sir Robert mittee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. to report the same to the House, without any Amend-

ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A. 1752,

E li zaheth Sc it ti wide to marry again, and

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Tittenfor

Road.

Lafcclles*

Divorce.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on 31 & December 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 12th and 13th Year of heT late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tuterfor and the most northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Datiiel Laf*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 210 die Jaiuiarii;

Anno 250 Georgii H‘u Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Woollen thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, Trade* and other Merchants, Wool ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Cottons, Lindfeys, Worded Hose,

Worded Yarn, and ocher Woollen Goods, in the Town of Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the Marking of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the’Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of feve-ralPersons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worded Yarn,

Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others. Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. Crumpe, Clerk Accounts to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door, puny.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Paper, intituled, The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the 29th September 1750, to the 29th September 1751, directed to be laid before each House of Parliament by an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardensand Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

The House being informed, That Mr. Lambe, from Westminster the Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St. James, within the Scavenger* Liberty of Westminster, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Paper, intituled, The Amount of the Scavenger’s Rates, as afiefled in the several Wards of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, for the Year 1750.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered,

Tower Hamlets Small Debts.

2^ Geo. II.

2 V Januari

393

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cccke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of the Court of Requests of the Tower Hamlets, and of sundry other Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the. Rcloltnions of the Committee thereupon, to the Hduft; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards-delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Tower Hamlets, was read: And,

Matthew Dove Esquire, and Mr. James Savage, being severally examined, said, That they were Commissioners of the said Court; and that the said Act has been found very beneficial to the Publick.

Mr. Alexander Whitechurch, being examined, said, That the Commissioners doubt whether they have Autho- ' Tity to compel the Appearance of Defendants, and therefore have not caused them to be taken up on Attachments; but have ordered the Beadles of the Court to take their Engagement to appear; which has occasioned great Delay in their Proceedings.

Matthew Dove Esquire, being further examined, confirmed Mr. lVhitechurchys Evidence; and added, That Doubts have arisen whether the said Court has a Power to try an Action for Rent, or for Goods detained, and like-wife as to the Time of the Commencement of the Forty Days, for which Defendants are to be committed; and also whether Attorneys are liable to the Process of the said Court.

In order to shew the Inconvenience arising from want of the Proceedings of this Court being declared Evidence in other Courts,

Mr. Richard Venables said, That Edward Hadder sued his Wife, Bridget Venables (then Mrs. Greenacre) in the Court of Conscience, and recovered Five Shillings; for which an Execution was taken out, and the Money paid into Court; and that the said Hadder afterwards sued her in White Chcppel Court, and obtained a Judgment there for Four Shillings Damage and Costs, which he (the Witness) paid; and that his Wife offered Evidence there, that it was recovered in the Court of Conscience; but the Evidence was refused.

And he produced to your Commutee the Bill and Receipt for the Money pgid in the said Suit.

Mr. Robert Low, who receives the Money paid into the Court of Conscience, and pays it out, said, a Summons was issued out of the said Court against Bridget Venables, alias Greenacre, at the Suit of Richard Hadder; on which an Order was made 16th October 1750, for the Payment of 5 s. Debt, and Eight Pence Costs; that, the said Money not being paid into* Court, an Execution was taken out the 18th November following for 5 s. 8 d. Debt, and is. lid. Costs; in consequence whereof he the Witness received the said Debt and Costs; and that Three or Four Months afterwards he was subpoena’d to White Chappel Court, to prove that the said Debt was paid; but the Court refused to admit his Evidence, because the Court of Conscience was not a Court of Record.

Mr. John Joyce, being examined, said, That he was sued in the Court of Conscience by Matthew Lamb, for 1 /. i6i. 5 d. for Bread; and, on Hearing, he was ordered to pay the same at is. 6 d. per Month: That he made the First Payment on the 10th of May, and Three

him for 3 /. and upwards in White Chappel Court, the said Debt of 1 /. 16 s. 5 d. being Part of the Sum he was arrested for, to which the Plaintiff7 added Two Guineas which he pretended to have lent him; and that he (the Witness) would have produced Evidence upon the Trial, to prove the Recovery of the said Debt of 1 /. 16 j. 5 d. in the Court of Conscience; but was not admitted to do it; in consequence whereof, a Judgment was recovered against him for the whole 3 /. 1S s. 5 d. and Costs; which he has since paid.

Mr. Low, being examined as to the last mentioned Fast, said. That he was the Evidence called by Mr. Joyce, and accordingly attended with the Book of Orders, Ledger, and Cash Book, of the Court of Conscience, and was ready to prove, that the said Debt was recovered; but the Court were of Opinion, that the Court of Conscience not being a Court of Record, he could not be admitted an Evidence to prove the said Books, or himself to give any Evidence relating to the Transactions of that Court.

Mr. Alexander Whitechurch produced to your Committee an Account of the Number of Fees received for the First 18 Months, by which it appeared that there were 16,918 Summonses, 9,310 Hearings, 2,312 Calls, 879 Attachments, 1,045 Nonluics, 632 Executions, 4,920 Payments into Court, 2,345 Payments out in Part, 2,16S

Payments afterwards, amounting to Ten Shillings; and on the 13th of the same Month, the Plaintiff arrested Vol. 2b.

rayme

Fitments out in full, and 6,531 Searches.

4 find he also produced an Account of their Receipts and Disbursements, which he said has been delivered in to the Commissioners upon Oath, and is hereunto annexed in the Appendix; whereby it appears. That the clear Profits to the Clerks have amounted only to 49/. 11 s. 6{d. each, and to the Beadles 30/. 16 s. 9 d. each, for a whole Year.

Then, in order to thew that the Fees in the said Court are much smaller than in other Courts of the same Nature, Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 22d Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rotherhitb, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame; and the other, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and for making the said Act more effectual; were severally read: Then,

Matthew Dove Esquire, One of the Commissioners, informed the Committee, That, in his Opinion, Two Clerks would be sufficient to do the Business of the said Court; which was likewise confirmed by the Testimony of Captain Cartwright.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Refclvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, hath been found very beneficial to the Publick; but is defective in some Parts thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Method of compelling the Defendants to appear upon the Summons, has proved very inconvenient, and in many Respects insuffici^nt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the enlarging the Powers given by the said Act, so as to include Actions of Detinue, and Debt for Rent, under Forty Shillings, where the Freehold does not come in Question, will be of Service to the Owners of Lands and Houses in particular, and to the Inhabitants in general within the Tower Hamlets.

5 H Resolved,

Tover Hamlets Small Debts.

394

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person ought to be privileged from being sued in the said Court, in respect of his being an Attorney at Law or Solicitor.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Payment of any Money into Court for the Use of the Plainciff, pursuant to the Order of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, ought to be deemed a good and sufficient Discharge of so much of the Defendant’s Debt, although the Plaintiff shall neglect,or refuse, to take or accept the fame.

Re/clved> That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in Consideration of the large Expences the Officers of the Court are put to, in hiring or providing a Court

j. 1752.

House, Payments to the Counsel of the Marshalsea Court, Under-clerks, and other necessary Expences, some small Addition be made to the Fees already granted, and more especially as the same are at present much less than in any of the Courts of the like Kind.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That on the Death, Rdignation, or Removal, of any of the Four Clerks elected in pursuance of the said Act, no new Clerk shall be elected until there shall be less than and that the Number of Clerks to the said Commissioners shall not afterwards exceed

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Act should be further explained and amended, in order to render the same more effectual.

210 Januarii.

V;

Court

VOL. 26,

Court of Requests for the") Am AC COUNT of Money received for Fees by the Clerks and Beadles of the said Court, for the First Twelve Months j viz. to ift 1751 j and of their Expences; tower Hamlets. j ' and Out-goings.

Cj~l

o

w

o

RECEIPTS.

Clerks Fees. Beadles Fees. Total.

I- s. d. £ s. d. £ J. d.

May - - 9 l9 O s 5 3 15 4 3

June - - 30 6 7 12 7 2 4a *3 9

July - - 46 7 4 17 13 4 64 0 8

August - 45 *3 7 15 4 0 60 17 7

September 38 6 0 13 5 IO 55 II 10

October - 3 8 11 16 5 50 0 1

November 35 12 5 I I 9 3 47 I 8

December - 25 5 3 6 9 IO 31 >5 I

January - 3i 11 6 10 2 3 41 »3 9

February - 27 18 IO 10 0 8 37 >9 6

March - 3 6 I 3 13 10 8 49 12 4

Afril - - 38 8 3 «3 *9 1 52 7 4 jC.

288 8 2

260

8

548 17 10

PAYMENTS.

1750 By Disbursements for Printers and Stationers Bills, Expences of fitting up the Office, Advertisements, Rent, Coals, Candles, &c. amounting to 77/. 4s. 7 d. paid and borne between the Clerks and Beadles in the Proportions following; viz. £. s, d.

-{-Jths by the Clerks - - - - 59 8 11

T^ths by the Beadles - - - - 17 16

By {rs Annuity paid the Marshalsea Counsel to Lady-day 1751 - - 67 10 o

By paid a Year’s Salary to R. Reynolds, the Clerk constantly attending at the publick

Office - - - - -60 00

By paid irs Salary to R. Lowe, Accomptant Clerk - - 22 10 d

By Caffi divided between the Clerks of the Court for their clear Profits of the Year,

amounting to 49/. 11s, 6id. each - - - - 198 6 3

By Cash divided between the Beadles for their clear Profits of the Year, amounting to 30/. 16^. $d. each -

£ s

77 4 7

o

348 6 3 §

7 o §

548 17 10

Lk>

VO

Cn

39*5

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,'pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hardinge, and Sir William Beauchamp Pro ft or, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Warminster Mr. Prowje reported from the Committee, to whom tec. Roads, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington, in the same County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Woollen Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Formereau, Mr.

Trade. Affleck, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Bold, Mr. Harvey of Essex, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Felton Harvey, Mr. Tempejl, Mr. Bury, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lane, Lord Hobart, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers, and Manufactureers of Worsted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; are referred.

Warminster, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the &c. Roads. Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington, in the same Countyj was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,impowering the Clerk to adjourn the Meeting of the Trustees.

And the same was twice read; and being amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Drayton Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun be addded to the Gentlemen

inclosure. w|10 are app0*mtC(j to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Lands, in the open and common Fields of the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the'whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

A. 1752.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to pay off and discharge the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, charged by an Act of the Fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign on the additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, pursuant to the Notice given by the Speaker of the House of Commons, in Obedience to an Order of the House on the 13 th Day of June 1751.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, to defray the Expences incurred by them.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the 29th Day of September 1752, the Sum of Forty Shillings yearly shall be paid to his Majesty for a Licence, to be taken out yearly by every Person exercising the Trade of a Pawnbroker within the Bills of Mortality.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the 29th Day of September 1752, the Sum of Ten Shillings yearly shall be paid to his Majesty for a Licence, to be taken out yearly by every Person exercising the Trade of a Broker, dealing in Second Hand Goods, within the Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions, and also to the Resolutions which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to consider of Heads of a Bill for the more easy Conviction of Receivers of stolen Goods, and for the Regulation of Pawnbrokers within the Bills of Mortality, and were then agreed to by the House: And that Sir William Yonge, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Charlton, and Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the 24th Mercers Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Company. Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Syden- ham, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Lyster, "

Sir John Cujl, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. West, Mr. Ockenden, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Earle, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Powney, Colonel Haldane, Mr.

Stuart, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardingc, Mr. Gray, Mr. Conyers,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kent, Mr. Townshend, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Shelley,

Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wation, Mr. Southwell, M r. Nor they,

Mr. Walpole \ and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

210 Januarii.

25 Geo. II. ii* —

Mercurit, 22°;

Anno 250 Georgii lldl Regis, 1752* Prayers.

Bradford,&c. OIR Robert Long reported from the Committee, to Road. C3 whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Freeholders, Clothiers, and Other Persons, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, living in and near the Road leading from a Place called Rozvafs Gate, in the Tything of Winjley, and Parish of Bradford\ in the County of Wilts, to and through the great Cloathing Town of Bradford, and from thence, over For wood's Gommon and Mucbell Mead, to St aver ton Bridge, and from Staverton Bridge aforesaid to and through Hilpcrton, down Guy's Lane, and so far over Ashton Common as to join the Road that leads from Steeple Ashton to 'Trowbridge, all in the said County of Wilts (being the High Road leading from the Cities of Bristol and Bath to Salisbury, Andover, Winch ester, Chichester, and several other considerable trading Towns); and also the Road leading from the Bridge in the said Town of Bradford\ to a Place called Stallards, being the High Road leading to Westbury and Warminster, in the said County of Wilts, in all Eleven Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bradford, and of several Persons who travel from the Cities of Bristol, Bath, and other Places, through Bradford, to Salisbury, Andover, and Winchester, and other Towns and Places, in the Counties of Wilts and Southampton; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same as they appeared to them to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the widening, amending, and repairing, the Road from the End of Combe Bridge, which joins the Bath Road, in the County of Somerset, to and through Winjley and Bradford, and from thence, over For wood's Common and Mucbell Mead, to Staverton Bridge, through Hilperton, down Guy's Lane, and so far over Ashton Common as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford Bridge to a Place called Cockill Gate in the County of Wilts: And that Sir Robert Long and Mr. Popham do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Comme- Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the Kat!*&C' Bill for naturalizing Frederick William Commerell, John AnthonyToepkin, and Christian Gottlieb Moser, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

D^oyer’s Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Philip Denoyervsas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Wantage, A Bill for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the &c. Roads. County of Berks, through Wrantage, to Farringdon, in the said County was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powney, Mr.. Mundy, Mr. Pye, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ker, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Garth, Lord Parker, Mr. Vol. 26.

0 farm arii. 397

Bury, Lord Strange, Mr. Salisbury, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Nor they, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cooke, Mi*. Burrell, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Morton, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Beckford Mr. Bodville, Mr. Compton, Mr. Colleton, iVlr. Palmer,

Mr, Nugent, Mr. Piowney, Admiral Vernon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Wilies, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Duncan Campbell, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Finch, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Ihornbagh, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Banfas, Mr. Henley, Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks Oxford, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr Comptroller reported to the House, That their ad- Fnntifig dress of Thursday lad (that his Majesty would be graciously Journals pleased to order the further Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House; and to assure his Majesty,that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from The Green geen(J Roa(^ Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in cne County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge. in the same County, and from thence, by Road Church to Bcckington, in the Councy of Somerset, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Popham,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Powncy, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Yorke, vlr.

Fellowes, Mr. Pye, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Ptoivfe, Lord Strange, Mr. West, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Southwell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Lyster, Lord HiAJlorough, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cooke, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Mundy, Sir Richard Wrottefley-, Mr Beckjord, Mr. Haramge, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Hay, Mr Colleton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Charles Gore,

Mr. Shelley, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hi/I, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte,

Colonel Acourt, Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Bayntun Roll,

Mr. Bury, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Norlbey, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Wm Yonge, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Newnbam,

Mr. Wilkinjon Vlr. Lord Downe; and all the Mem-

bers who ierve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

M r. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to whorrt the Petition of the Trustees appointed to pur in Execution Hailifax so much of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re* Road, pairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Hallifax, in the same Riding, as relates to the surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair that Part of the said Road which lieth between the said Towns of Leeds and Hallifax aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, principal Tradesmen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Towns of Leeds, Bradford, and Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto respediv.ely subscribed; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Part of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was read; whereby several lolls are granted for the repairing the said Roads, from the 12th of May 1741, for the T erm of 21 Years.

51

Then

398 21° — 23* 1752.

Then Mr. George Green, Clerk to the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, informed your Comhnit-tec, That 1,300 . had been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act at 5 per Cent.; which Sum, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road, had been duly applied in the Repair thereof; and that a great Progreis had been made therein; yet from the great Difficulty in procuring proper Materials, it will be impossible to complete the whole, and also pay off the Debt contrafted by the Trustees, unless the Tolls are augmented, and the Term for collecting the same enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Hallifax, in the same Hiding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Hallifax: And that Mr. Comptroller and the Lord Downe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wantage, Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, to whom the &c. Road. Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of that Part of the County of Berks in and near the Vale of White Horse, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Abraham Atkins Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the said Vale; and that the Road between Wantage and Idson is so very bad, that Carriages, when loaded, cannot pass but with great Difficulty; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; but if the same was thoroughly repaired ic would be a general Advantage to that Parc of the Vale.

William Blackstone Esquire, said. That he knows Part of the said Road, which is in a very ruinous Condition; and if the same was repaired it would be great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Vale.

Ordered, That it be aninstruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, through Wantage, to Farr'tngdon, in the said County, is committed, That they have Power . to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wantage aforesaid to a Place called Idson, in the said County of Berks.

and pay the Annuities and other Charges thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christ1 mas 1751, of the Duties on Glassand spirituous Liquors, granftd to his Majesty, from the 25th Day of March 1746, to satisfy and pay the Annuities and other Charges thereupon, be referftd to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hcffe Cajfel, signed Westminster, 9 May 1740, and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 5th Day of December 1740) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish, Lord Frederick Woollm Cavendish, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Ingram, Colonel Trade*. Townshend, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Lord Harry Beauclerk. Colonel Mojlyn, Mr. Wilfcn, Sir John Saville, Mr.

Dalfton, Lord Petersham, Mr. Affleck, Sir Thomas Robin-Son, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Armdell\ Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr.

Meyrick Burrell, Mr. Delme, Sir John Turner, Sir Win. Beauchamp P roll or, Mr. Hay, Lord Duncannon, Lord Gdlway, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on th6 Behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers, and Manufacturers , of Worsted-Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Cailimancoes,

Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County o {York-, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; are referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Parc; and his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, on the other Part; concluded at Dresden, September 13th 1751; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1751, of the Half-subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities, by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne and the 6th of King George the First, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1751, of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty, from the 25th Day of March 1743, to satisfy and pay the Annuities and other Charges thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1751, of the additional Duties on Wines, granted to his Majesty from the 25th Day of March 1745, to satisfy

JoviSy. 2 30 die Januarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Spranger, We ft Vestry Clerk of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Scav Garden, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Paper, intituled, St.

Paul Covent Garden, — A State of the Amount of the Scavenger’s Rate in the said Pariflb, for the Year 1750.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper fio lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to Or- G der, a Bill to enable John Cave, now called John Browne, N and his lfluc, to take and ule the surname of Browne:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved,

Ce!cdncki’s

Nat.

Fremeaux’s

Nat.

Edinburgh

City.

Srciring Black Lead Mines.

Leeds by Harrowgate, lc. Roads.

25 Geo. II.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hay reporred from the Committee, to’ whom the Bill for naturalizing Christian Samuel Geledneki was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill i and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing James Fremeaux Merchant, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Ker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by Two several Acts of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold within the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for ditcontmuing Payment of the petty Port Customs there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJUved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

That a Rate of Sixpence in the Pound has been applied, together with the Six Days Labour, in repairing the said several Roads, and have been found ihsufficient for that Purpose.

In Confirmation of the above Evidence,

Thomas Oajller said, He knows the several Roads mentioned in the Petitions; that moll of them are very bad; that of late the Witnels had seen several Carriages sass, till they have been dug out, particularly in a'Lane which leads from Harrowgate to Knarefoorough; which Lane is not passable above Three Months in a'Year;

That there is a Causeway from Knaresborough to Boroughbridge; but the same is very narrow, and greatly out of Repair; and is, by frequent Floods, rendered impaffable.

And the Vv itnesses both agreed, That if the said several Roads were repaired, it would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country, through which the same lead.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Road from Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-weft Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water-course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs on the said Moor. And that Mr. Comptroller, Mr . Aijlabie, Mr. Wilkinjon, and Mr. Arundel, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

2 30 Januarii.

' The House being informed, That the Governor, and BankPropo-Depury Governor, of the Company of the Bank of Eng- ^al so.rad‘ land, attended at the Door; i^oo"oooo/.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That they were ordered by the said Company to lay before this House a proposal for the publick Service.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Propolal was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

A Bill, for the more effectual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Common Council, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Corporation of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and also of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Common Council, Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough and Corporation of Ripon, in the said Riding, and County of York; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Landholders, of the several Towns of Bradford and Hallifax, and other Places within the West and Notth Ridings of the said County of York -, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Boroughs of Knaresborough and Boroughbridge, in the said County $ were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. William Thompson said, That he knows the several Roads mentioned in the Petitions; that in general they are extremely bad, and particularly in some Places, owing to the Rottenness of the Soil, and also to the frequent Ovei flowings of Water; ’tis very often,with great Danger, as well as Difficulty, that Carriages do pass:

That at the Town o( Ripon there was formerly a great Market, for the Sale of Wool; but of late very little has been carried thither, which the Witness said he attributed to the very great Difficulty of the Carriage; and that there is also a very confideiable Trade for Lead and Butter at York, which is brought thither from Boroughbridge; but that Trade has met with great Interruption, chiefly owing to the Badness of the Roads;

Vol. 26.

The Governor and Co. of the Bank of England, humbly propose.

To advance the Sum of One Million, for Payment of Part of the Debt of the Navy, and other publick Services; and also the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, charged on the additional Duties on Stamps, now carrying an interest at 3/. ioj. per Cent, per Annum; which, pursuant to Notice given the last Session of Parliament, are to be redeemed and paid off on the 24th Day of October 1752.

That Exchequer Bills be issued to them on or before the Times, at which the said Sums of One Million and Four hundred thousand Pounds respectively, shall be wanted, to be advanced, carrying an interest at 3/. per Cent. per Annum, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

And they further humbly propose, That the said principal Sums of One Million, and Four hundred thousand Pounds, shall be repaid to them out of the First Excdles or Surplusses of the Sinking Fund, that shall be applied to the Payment of the Principal of the national Debt, next after the Remainder of the Sum of One Million One hundred and Ninety thousand and Forty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny, which has been advanced by the said Governor and Company, pursuant to an Act of last Session of Parliament, shall be discharged and paid off.

By Order of the Court of Directors,

Robert Lewin, Secretary.

22d January ij$2. K

Ordered, That the said Proposal be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Qualifying fcr Offices*

Preventing

Robberies,

&c.

Supply.

400

if- — 2 40

I75

is

A Bill to indemnify Per Tons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House^ upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Qbarltoriy according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee haddirefted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Pounds, Jpe granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Polandy Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand One hundred Nineteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency at Christmas last, of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty from the 25th Day of March 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Six hundred Ninety-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency at Christmas last, of the additional Duty on Wines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Nine hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency at Christmas last, of the Duties on Glass, and Spirituous Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-nine thousand Nine hundred Twenty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for making good thd Deficiency at Christmas 1751, of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the Sixth of'Queen Anney and the Sixth of King George the First.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time.

A Motion ‘was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed.

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vzneris, 24° die Januarii

Anno 250 Georgii IT1 Regis, 1752.

Pit AVERS.

QRDEREDy That all Committees be revived. Coamittee*.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of imposing the M after Printers of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Caili- Gum Senega coes, Linens, and Scuffs, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Mailer Printers of Great Britaint of the Trade aforesaid, is referred, do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Punishmenf who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to give of f elony. Power to change the Punishmene of Felony, in certain Cafes, to Confinement and hard Labour, in his Majesty’s Dock Yards, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, to give Power for punishing, in like manner, such other Offences (not being Felony) as are now punishable by Transportation to his Majesty’s Colonies in America.

Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee, to whom Wrotham the Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Hwth, &c. Oak on Wrotham Heathy in the County of Kent, to the VII- B"oad* lage of Foots Crayt in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Second Amendment, n Foi. 22.

L. 23. being severally read a Second time, One of them was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed; a: d the rest were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, in Fol. 22. L. 23. (relating to the Commencement he Act) being read a Second tme;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower presented to the House (ac- Tittenfor cording toOrder) a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road. granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and the most Northern Part of Falk on the Hilly in Butt Laney in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the whitehead’* Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Debt to the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound Crown-with George Whitebeady of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John Whitehead and Thomas Whitebeady a Debt due to the Crown, for Customs on Tobacco, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

oft

m

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- pOTiihnient ing to Order, a Bill to give Power to change the Punish- offclooy. ment of Felony, in certain Cafes, and of certain other Offences, to Confinement, and hard Labour, in his Majesty’s Dock Yards: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved,

45 Geo. II.

146 jfani

401

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

foor Sir Richard Lloyd presented to the House, according t6

Children Order, a Bill for the better Maintenance and Employment Employment, of poor Children, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ways and The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Means* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr- Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have teave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

African Mr. Dcvdefivell reported from the Committee, to whom

Company the further Report of the Commissioners, for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company ox England, made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed the iaft Session, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton, and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Eftefts as are therein mentioned, and for flaying all Suits far Money due from, or on the Account of, the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned; and also the Petition of Joseph Philips, of Ginge, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, the acting Executor, and Residuary Legatee of the last Will and Testament of Mary Brookes Widow, deceased, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fast contained in the Taid Report ancf Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof, with the Observations of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

First, Your Committee caused the Report of the Com-xnifiioners to be read; and having examined Mr. James Poflethwaite, Accomptant to the said Commissioners, found that the Allowances made under N01. of their said Report, were the only true Sums in which the Company flood indebted to the several Claimants therein mentioned, the Enquiry and Examinations having been made in the same manner, upon these Claims, as upon the Claims of other Creditors by the said Commissioners enquired into, and reported to the House, in the last Session; but that there being very (lender Materials to support the Claims of Mef-sieur* Stockwell, Husbands, and Boteler, the Commissioners examined the Expence of maintaining the Forts for the preceding Year, and settled the Sums allowed to these Claimants, in proportion to that Expence; and that the said Commissioners were of Opinion, that the Claims contained under N° 2. of their Report, ought to be disallowed; and your Committee observe, that ttys Opinion

Vol. 26.

of the Commissioners was founded upon a want of Evidence to support the several Claims therein mentioned, or upon Account of Over-charges made by the several Clainv ants, or upon Account of the Deduction of 51, per Centum, which the Company usually made when any Money was paid in England, to the Officers and Servants of the Company, who had been employed in their Factories abroad.

Your Committee then proceeded upon the Petition of Joseph Philips, to them referred; and Mr. James Postlethwaite informed your Committee, That the Commissioners had Notice of the Three Bonds mentioned in the said Petition, which appeared to be outstanding; but were not claimed before the said Commissioners: Then the last W ill and Testament of Mary Brookes Widow, deceased, bearing Date the 26th Day of March 1747, together with the Probate thereunto annexed, were produced to your Committee, and read; and it appeared to your Committee, That the Petitioner, Joseph Philips, and one Job Jones,. were made, ordained, and appointed, joint Executors of the said Will; but that Letters of Adminifuation were granted only to the said Petitioner; and it appeared like-wife, that the said Petitioner was, by the said Will, constituted Residuary Legatee: Then Mr. Spence, Secretary to the Royal African Company, produced the original Subscription Book, N° 6. dated August the 27th 1739; whereby it appeared, That a Subscription was then opened by the said Company, for railing, by Loan, 20,000 /. to be employed in carrying on their Trade, with several Conditions therein mentioned; and to be repaid to the Subscribers at Four several Times, and by Four several Payments; that is to say, 25 per Centum on the 29th Day of August 1740, and 25 per Centum on the 29th Day of September 1740, and 25 per Centum on the 29th Day of October 1740, and the remaining 25 per Centum on the 29th Day of November 1740, with Incereft on each of the said Payments, after the Rate of 5 /. per Centum per Annum; and it appeared on the said Subscription Book, that Mary Brookes subscribed thereto the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; then a Receipt was produced, signed Richard Spence, and dated the 31st of August 1739; whereby it appeared, That Mrs. Mary Brookes paid to the said Richard Spence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, in full of her said Subscription: Then a Receipt, signed by the said Petitioner, and bearing Date the 21st Day of March 1747 was produced, and read; whereby it appeared, That at that Time there remained due, on the said Subscription Receipt, the principal Sum of 250/. and 59/. 2s. 6 d. for interest thereon; and that new Bonds, N° 486, 487, and 488, were issued to the Petitioner for the said Sums, making in the whole, 309/. is. 6d.; and the said Bonds were produced, and read; and Mr. Spence informed your Committee, That no Part of the Money, due upon these Bonds, had been paid by the Company; and it appeared.

That the Petitioner lived chiefly in Berkshire; and that Mr. Spence acquainted him in JuJy last, and not before, with the Transactions relating to the Creditors of the Company; upost this your Committee observe, That 250/.

Part of the Sum claimed by the said Petitioner, is Principal Money due to him from the Royal African Company, and stands on the same Footing with several other Sums claimed by other Creditors, and stated by the Commissioners, under N° 2. of their Report by them made to Parliament, in the last Session; and that the Remainder, amounting to 59/. 2 s. 6 d. is interest Money, allowed to the said Petitioner by the Company, and turned into Principal; and therefore stands on the same Footing with the several Sums claimed before the Commissioners, and by them stated, under N° 7. of their said Report.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyfier have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing Frederick fVII- Comnierell’s, Ham Commerell, John Anthony Tccpkin, and Christian Gott- c*1 lieb Moser, was read the Third time.

5 K Resolved,

L

402 2 4° — 2 70 A. 1752.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass 1 And that the Title be* raise a Sixpenny Levy, besides the Days Works appointed An Act for naturalizing Frederick William Commereil, John by Law.

Anthony Tcepkin, arid Christian Gottlieb MJer. Mr. Philip lluftwit laid, That I:e knows the remaining

Ordered, That Mr. lyj'ter do carry the Bill to the Lords, Part of the Road, leading from Thrapftcn to Brampton and defue their Concurrence. Pound, which is all, except about a Mile of it, in as bad

a Condition as poffiblej for that Carriages cannot paf>; and

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster have Leave to make another Persons with Tingle Horses are forced to have Guides; Motion; That there are Plenty of Materials a!ong the Side of

And he moved the House accordingly. the said Road, except from Titchmarsh Lane to Bythorne

Denoyer’s And an ingroded Bill, for naturalizing Philip Denoyer, Lordship, which is about Two Miles.

Nac.

Market

Harhoroigh to whom the ir'etition of the Justices of the Peace, jn Length, and in a very bad Condition.

Road. Gentlemen, Land-owners, and others, in the Counties of Mr ^Thomas Sawyer Paris said, That he has known the

Northampton, Leicester, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Aorfoik, Road from Market Harborcupb to Brampton Pound, for and Suffolk, living in or near, or having Communication several Years, which is very bad for about Eight Months with, the koads leading from Market Her borough, in the jn Year; and, unless the Winter is very fine, Vis im-said County of Leicester, through Dejhcrough, Rowell, p2iT.ble for Carriages;

Kettering, Barton Sengrave, and Tbrapston, in the said That the several Parishes are unable to repair the Road County of Aurthampton, and Bythorne, Spaldwick, and by the Methods prescribed by Law j but that if a Turn-Ellington, in the said County or Huntingdon, to a Place- pjJ<e were erected, the Money raised thereby would called *7 be Pound, in the Parish of Brampton, in the said besufficient for the lame; for that there is a great Trade County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto sub- from Ea(heard to Westward, of Hops, Wool, and Iron; feribed, was referred; That the Committee had exa- that Wool is carried through this Road, from Norfolk mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed and Suffolk, to Tcrkshire; and that Deals and Coals, in him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the a great Quantity, are carried from Huntingdon, into House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Norihamptonjhi> e \

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the That from the Westward to the F.aftward, Wool,

fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. Cheese, and Lead, are brought; and Iron-ware, from

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Birmingham and Sheffield;

Mr. Jonathan Stephens being examined, said, That he That the Price of the Water-carriage from Lynn and knows that Part of the Road which leads from Market Wisbech, to Thrapston, is so high, that when they can have Harborough to Thrapston, which he measured, and it is a back Carriage, they can carry Coals cheaper by Land Twenty Miles and Two Furlongs in Length; and that to Northamptonshire than by Water;

Part of it which leads through Little Bowden, Braylrook, That much Corn comes out of the midland Country and Part of Desborough Lordship, is so bad in Winter, to Huntingdon; and more would be fair, if the Road were thar kis impossible for Carriages to pass it, it being Work better;

enough for Six Horses to draw an empty Waggon Tha’c if the Road were repaired, it would be a great through it; and that the Road is generally in this Con- Advantage to the Trade of the Eastern and Western Parts xlition for about Six Months in the \ear; of this Kingdom; and that he was told, by two Gentic-

That from Desborough Town, to Barton Seagrave, the rnen of Leicester shire, that they had Wool to fend down Road is tolerable good, the word Part of it being up to Essex and Suffolk, but that the Roads were so bad, no-RowellHill; but thar Desborough Bridge is^onfy for Horses; body would undertake the Carriage; and that a Turnpike and that it is with Difficulty Carriages get over; when the on tjle said Road is greatly desired by all the Merchants ac Waters are high; and the Road from Barton Seagrave, Cambridge and Huntingdon.

to Thrapston, is impafiable for loaded Carriages in the Mr. cIhnng being examined, confirmed the Evidence Winter; of the aforesaid Witness, in regard to the Badness of the

That great Quantities of Wool and Cheese are brought Roads, the Inability of the several Parishes to repair them, along this Road to Sturbridge Fair; and to the Westward anj t]le Practicability of repairing them, by a Turnpike; are carried Deals, Iron, Coals, Hops, Salt, and other and added, That it is impossible to repair Ellington Lane, Commodities, which come either by Water Carriage without buying Lands to make a new Road, from Lynn or Wisbech, to Huntingdon, or from the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Fair, for Replying the Country Markets; which often repairing and widening the Hoad leading from Market fall lhort from the Badness of the Road; IJarborough, in the County of Leicester, through Desborough,

That Materiajs, proper for the Repair thereof, are to Rozvell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, Thrapston, in the be found, within a Mile, or a Mile and a Half, at County of Northampton, and through Bythorne, Spa ’divick, furthest, of every Part of the Road, from Harbor ough to an(j Ellington, to The Pound in the Parish of Brampton, Thrapston. in the County of Huntingdon: And that the Lord Duv*

That if the Road was repaired, he thinks it would be p/i,9 Mr. Felton Harvey, Mr. Montagu of Huntingdon, sufficiently frequented, to defray the Charge of repairing, Mr. Thomas Townjbcnd, Mr. Edward Finch, Lord Henry and keeping it in Repair; but the Pariftics, through which Beauclerk, and Mr. Cadogan, do prepare, and bdng in, the said Road leads, could not mend it, if they were to the lame.

Mr.

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Philip Denoyer.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 70 die Januarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIH1 Regis, 1752. Prayers.

H E Lord Dup/lift reported from the Committee,

And he confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Stephens, as to the Trade carried on to and from Sturbridge Fair, and other Places, to the Westward; and as to the Trade carried on by the said Road, being fuTcient to amend, and keep the same in Repair; and the Inabiliry of the feveVal Parishes to repair the same; and added, That a wet Autumn was a very great Disappointment to the Manu-fadurers and Traders, in carrying their Goods to Sturbridge, and other Fairs; for that last Sturbridge Fair a Waggon could get no further than from Ellington to God-martchester, in one Day, though Half of the Road was very good Turnpike Road; but that on the other Part of the Road the Waggon, though drawn by Eighteen Horse?, stuck fall two or three Times.

Mr. Thomas Cooper informed your Committee, That he had measured that Part of the Road, mentioned by the last Witness, which was fifteen Miles and two Furlongs

25 GEO.II. if Jamari 40

St. Albans Mr. West reported from the Committee, to whom the That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Small Debts, petition of the Mayor and Aldermen, and several of the Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it

principal Inhabitants of the Borough of 67. Albans, in the appeared to them, to the Bouse; and he read the Report

County of Hertford, and also of several of his Majesty’s in his Place; and afterwards delivered ic in at the Clerk's

Justices of the Peace for the Liberty of 67. Albans, in the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

laid County of Hertford* on behalf of themselves, and the viz.

rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Liberty, To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Mr. Thomas Oaftler, being examined, said, That h£

Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to knows the Road mentioned in the said Petitions, which report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with is very bad, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary the Refutations of the Committee thereupon, to the Cr.urfe of Law; and that the Horse Road from Knares-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- borough, by Long Flat Lane, Goldsborough Fields, Flaxbf,

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Alerton Mauliverer, and Sc ate Me or, to Green Hammer-

lame wa: read; and is as followeth; viz- ton, is nearer by Two Miles than the High Road, anrf

To prove the Allegations of tht? laid Petition, would be repaired at a left E:< pence; but it cannot bt

Letters Patent, of his late Majesty King Charles the made a common High Road without the Aid of an Act Second, dated the 27th Day o(July 1664, was produced to of Parliament.

your Committee, and read; whereby it appeared, That his Mr. James Collins confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Oast-laid Majesty did grant to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur- ler, and added. That he had applied to the Gentlemen, gestes, of the said Borough, and their Successors, to hold through whose Ground the said Horse Roads passed; and a Court weekly, in the mannerdirected by the said Letters that they, were willing the same should be converted into Patenr, for Trial of all Pleas, Plaints, and Actions, peifonal a High Road.

or mix< d, ordained by the common or Stature Law, arising Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-

within the said Borough, and the Limits, Bounds, and Li- pairing the Road from Kna esborough, in the County of berties, of the same not exceeding Fifty Pounds. Then, York, by Long Flat Lane, Goldsborough Fields, Flaxby,

Mr. William Ken! ft being examined, laid, That the Alerton Mauliverer, and Sc ate Moor, to Green Hammer-said Court continues to be heki in the Town Hall of St. ton, in the same County, and for making the same a Albans', and produced to your Committee a’Lift of Fees High Carriage Road: And that Mr. Thornton, Mr. WiL taken by the Officers of the said Court. Then, kinfon, and Mr. Lane, do prepare, and bring in, the

Mr Jeremiah Potter produced Two Bills of Costs, for fame.

Recovery of Two several Debts in the said Court; the

First whereof was for a Debt of One Pound; the Rrco- Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Or- South Sea

very whereof cost 3/. 4 s. 8 d.; and in the other, the der, a Bill for reducing the Number of Dire^ors of the Directors;

original Debt amounted to Live Pounds, and the Costs Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants to 6 L 16 s. 9d. of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts

He further said, That the usual Time taken to deter- of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and for remine a Cause in this Court is Three Months; and that he golaring the Election of the Governors and Directors of knows People, within the said Liberties, who have con- the said Company: And the same was received; and read traded small Debts, and set their Creditors at Defiance, the First time.

knowing that the Expence of recovering them is so great, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, that the Creditors must be considerable Losers, if they

attempt it by the present Method. The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Scarborough

Upon die whole Matter, the Committee came to the whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders; Roads-

following Resolutions. Occupiers of Lands, and others, living in and near the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Road leading from the City of York to the Town and That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations Borough of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the of their Perition. County of York', and also the Road leading from a Place

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, called Spittle House, in the Fast Riding of the said County,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to the Town of Scarborough aforesaid; was referred; That for the more easy and ipeedy Recovery of small Debts the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-within the Borough of 67. Albans, in the County of Hert~ tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap-ferd, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, plated to them, to the House; and he read the Report irt rand Places, wirhin the Liberty of 67. Albans. his Place; and afterwards delivered ic in at the Clerk's

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fer the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; more easy and sperdy Recovery of small Debts within the VIZ-

Borough of St. Albans. in the County of Hertford, and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Mr. John Conyers, being examined; said, That the said

Places, within the Liberty of St. Albans: And that Mr. Roads are irf a ruinous Condition, and, in many Parts,-West, Mr. Hardirge. Sir Peter Thompson, and Sir William vcrY narrow and incommodious for Carriages, and dan-Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. gerous for Persons travelling on Horseback; and that the fame cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Co’urfe Taunton Mr. Webb presented to the House, according to Order, o( Law i but, if they were in good Repair, it would be of

oa<*s- a Bill for amending the several Roads leading from the §reat Benefit to the I rade of the said County.

Town of ‘Taunton,in the County of Somrjet: And the Mr. William Conyers, being examined* confirmed the same was received; and read the First time. Evidence given by the said Mr. John

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Knares- Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom Monkbridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to

borough the pet}tion of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York;

others, of the City of York, and County of the same City; 2nd also frGm sPttle Hotlfe» in‘ ^e Riding of the and also of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Freeholders, and said County, to Scarborough aforesaid: And that the Bailiff and Burgesses, of the Borough of Knaresborough, Lord Downe, and Mr. Comptroller, do prepare; and bring in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto tab- *n> fame* feribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Freeholders, and others, of Knaves- An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Warmmfter,

borough, and other Parts of the County of York, whose from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, &c. Road. Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; and also Vol. 26. ... the

L

r.

404 27° Januarii . 1752,

the Road from the Town of*Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckingtcn, in the same County 5 was read the Third time.

An ingrossed CJaule was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for impowering the Trustees to Jeffen the Tolls.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Some Jet-, and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the 7own of Beckington, in the same County; and for repairing the Road from Heytesbury to Anftrow Hilly in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowje do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leeds to Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to

Halifax Order, a Bill for explaining and amending so much of an

Roads. Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibjey, to the Town of Hallijax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Hallijax: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cave’s Name. A Bill to enable John Cave, now called John Browne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Browne, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gore, Sir Richard Warwick Bampjylde, Colonel Leighton, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Hill, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Reger New digate, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Northey, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Brake, Mr. Mackwonh, Mr. Vyner, Lord Barrington, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Wilson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Newn-ham, Mr. Fazakerley, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Powney, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Henry Erskine, Lord Dupplin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties cf Leicester, Derby, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Debtors A Petition of the poor unhappy Prisoners confined for

Petition. Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol at Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distrest: And praying Relief. t -

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Alien and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Shephards The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Shord, &c. to continue and make more effectual an Act, passed in the

Roads. Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repairing the Highways between Shephards Shord and Hcrjlcy Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, without any Amendment: And also,

Degcn’sNat. The Lqrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Bcgen, without any Amendment: And also,

Robelon’s s The Lords havfe passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Jane Magdalen Robe Ion: To’ which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Offietl; qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law', and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the allowing of further Time to make and file such Affidavits as have been omitted to be made and filed of the Execution of Contracts, in Writing, to serve as Clerks to Atcornies, or Solicitors, within the Time limited by Law.

A Bill for enlarging the Term granted by Two several Edinburgh Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty’s City Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon cnme,

every Pint of Ale and Beer sold within the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Ker, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Francis Dafhwood, Mr. Colleton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hill, Mr. Powney, Mr. T horn ton, Mr.

Prowje, Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. West, Mr, Salusbmy, Mr. Sandxs, Mr.

Webb, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Barbor, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wiljcn, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Barne, Mr. Warburton,

Sir John Saville, Mr. BiOoksbank, Mr. Owen, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Neale, Mr, Earle, Mr. Myddslton, Mr. Charlton,

General Oglethorpe, Sir John Turner; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LafcelJei to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Lascelles, of London, DlV0rce* Merchant, with Elizabeth Southwicke, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved. That an Act, macje in the Aliens Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Kin g William ChM*#. the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors* either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens:

And that Mr. Charles Townshend and Mr. Hardinge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Turnpike into the Management and Application of all such Sums R°a<h; . of Money as have been collected, within Ten Years last ^pPj^l0a pad, by virtue of any Act of Parliament for repairing any ° °°ey*

particular Highways: And chat they do report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their, Observations thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Potter, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Robin

Jon, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Walpole, Lord Barrington, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Munday, Lord Hilljlorough, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Wiikinjon, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Drake,

Sir Wm. Bp. Proctor, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cocke, Mr. West,

Mr. Gray, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Comptroller,

6 Mr.

5 Geo. II. 270 Jama405

Mr. Thornton, Sir. Richard Lloyd, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sergifon, Lord Parker, Mr. Drax, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Salujbwry, Mr. Ellis, Sir IValter Placket, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Colleton, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Butler, Mr. Barrow, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Willes, Lord Strange, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Williams; and they are to meet this Afsernoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That an Account of the Receipts and Application of all Monies received and paid, for Three Years last pad, by the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the one, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesexi and the other, made in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former A ft, and for repairing some ocher Roads in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea; with an Abstract of each Year, commencing the 26th December 1748, ending 23d December 1751, and also the present Bond Debt of the Trust; be referred to the said Committee.

Stint Mar- Mr. Sdufbury reported from the Committee, to whom gam and the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, St. John's Surveyors of the Highways, Scavengers, and other In-ParSh RatM habitants, of the United Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne was read; whereby it appeared, that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Vestry or principal Inhabitants of the said Parishes, are directed to meet annually, upon Tuesday in Easter Week, or ofeener, if Occasion require, and agree upon or ascertain the Monies or Rates to be afiefled within the Limits of the said Parishes for the Relief of the Poor, Repair of the Highways, and other Parish Rates, to be levied and collected by the proper Officers of the respective Parishes: Then,

Mr. John Feary, Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St. Margaret, being examined, said, That the Rate for repairing the Highway seldom exceeds One Penny in the Pound; which Persons who rent low-priced Houses, frequently refuse to pay; and that it cannot be recovered, without first summoning the Person, so refilling, to shew Cause for such Refusal; which if they neglect, or are unable to shew, and continue to refuse the Payment, the Method of Recovery of the said Rates is by Dvftrefs of the Offender’s Goods, the Expence whereof frequently amounts to Four Times as much as the Rate when recovered, and requires the Attendance of Three or Four Officers to make it: That, as to the cleansing the Streets, the Rate usually made for that Purpose is Four Pence in the Pound, which amounts to Five or Six hundred Pounds; but as this is collected by the Scavengers, which is an Office imposed on the Persons who serve it, it is seldom half collected; that the Assessment last Year amounted to 550/. ns.+d. and the Collection only to 280/. 10 s. 11 d. so that the Raker cannot half clean the Streets for the Money raised: That the Money collected for the Poor, the Scavengers, and the Highways, arc collected in Three different Rates; which enhances the Expence in making and collecting the fame; which would be considerably diminished if the same were reduced into One Rate.

Vol. 26.

In order to shew the Necessity of some Regulations, in regard to the Poor, the Witriefs produced to your Committee an Account of the Expence of the Poor, whereby it appeared, that the Expence of maintaining 344 Poor* in the Year 1742, amounted to 2,102/. 7s. 4! d and that, in the Year 1750, the Expence of 350 Poor amounted to 2,726/. 7s. 3id. fb that there is an additional Expence of 624/. 19/. 10Id. for maintaining an additional Number of Six Poor.

* Ellis Esquire, being examined, said, That he apprehended the Increase of Expence, incurred on account of the Poor, was occasioned by the Overseers having an unlimited Power of disposing of the Money collected, without being subject to any Check or Controul; and he said this was the general Opinion of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in tht Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes:

And that Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Barber, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, the Lord Trentham, and Sir Peter Warren, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Militia, make the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, more useful: And that Mr. Thornton and Sir Walter Blacket, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are woollei thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others. Trade. Wool-ftaplers, Wool-combers, Worsted Weavers, and Woollen Manufacturers, in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised by the Growers of Wool in the Winding of their Fleeces: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers,

Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted Yarn,

Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in die West Riding of the County of York-, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; are referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways an* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Mean* ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report <0 the House; which he read in his Place; and a*awards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Whey the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, be accepted.

5 L The

Preventing

Robberies,

Xrc,

Supply*,.

405 ii° Januarii; A. 1752*

The; said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Thomas Rojoman, and Anne Houghs Widow of Peter Houghs deceased, the Lessees and Proprietors of Sadler s Wells, in the Parish of St. James Clerkenwell, near Jjlington, relating to the Bill now depending in this House, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses, being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African Company of England be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the House, of the 24th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly, and are as followeth; viz.

"Refolved, That the Sum of 77,874/. 15J. 9d. " may be a reasonable Compensation to be applied to the " Payment of such of the Creditors of the Royal African " Company of England, whole Claims are reported under " the resptdive Numbers 2, 3, 4, j, and 6, of a Report laid before this House by the Co mm i (Turners for " examining into the Claims of the said Creditors, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, " passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for excend-cc ing and improving the Trade to Africa.

"Refolved, That the Sum of 1,119/. 18s. %d. may " be a reasonable Compensation to be applied in Satis-<c faction of the Claim of John and Anthony Allut, " other Creditors of the said Company.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 175/. os. od. may be a ,<c reasonable Compensation to be applied in Satisfaction cc of the Claim of Mr. William New land, another Cre-4£ ditor of the said Company.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 179/. or. 6 d. may be a <c reasonable Compensation to William Steady on behalf tc of Henry Collins, for all Interest due on the 20th Day :" of May 1748 upon the principal Sum of 1,400l. which <c Sum of 1,400l. was due on a Bill of Exchange ct drawn by David Crichton and others, payable to the " said William Stead, for a Parcel of Rum bought for " the Use of the Royal African Company on the Gold " Coast\ and which Sum of 179/. or. 6 d. is reported u under N° 7. of the Report laid before this House by " the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of " the Creditors of the said Company.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 695 /. 3 r. od. may be a <c reasonable Compensation to be allowed on account of " the Expences of executing the Commission forexamin-

ing into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal ." African Company of England, and of the Allowances

the Commissioners have thought reasonable to be made " to the Officers and Servants employed by them.

Resolved, That the Sum of 900l. may be a reasonable c< Compensation to be allowed to the Commissioners, for " their Trouble in executing the said Commission.

Resolved, That the Sum of 100l. may be a reasonable Compensation to be further allowed to the Secretaryand Accomptant of the said Cofrimissioners.

"Refolved, That the Sum of 23,688/. 15 r. 5 d. " may be a reasonable Compensation to such of the Pro-c< prietors of African transferrable Stock, as were pof-tc fefied of the same on the 31st Day of December 17481 ' " being Ten per Cent. on the Stock so poflTefTed by them.

" Resolved, That the Sum of 2,103/. 1.2 r. 3*/. may €t be a reasonable Compensation to such of the Pro-" prietors of African transferrable Stock, as have Become

0 " - -

" possessed of the same ’Ante the said 31st Day of Decernher 1748, being Fiwt per Cent, on the Stock so possessfed by them.

" Resolved, That phe Commissioners for examining into " the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African u Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance " of, an Act:,.passed last Session, intituled, An Act for " extending and improving the Trade to Africa, be impowered to examine into the Claims of the several Per-. c< Tons whose Claims are contained under N° 9. of the fC Report by them made.to this House, and into the " Claim of Jonathan Bracebridge, as Executor of the " last Will and Testament of Henry Turner, late Gover-<c nor of Williams Fort, at l¥hy dab, deceased, in like " manner as by the said Act is directed, with respect to " the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company; and " to report their Proceedings thereon to the Parliament, <c with all convenient Speed.

" Resolved, That the several Sums before-mentioned c< of 77,874/. 15J. 9d. — 1,119/. i8j. 3*/. — 175/. " — 179/. os. 6 d. — 69$/. 3 j. — 900l. — 100l. — " 23,688/. 15J. 5d. — and 2,105/. 12J. $d. together " with such Sums as shall be found due upon the Claims cc mentioned in the preceding Resolution, may be a rea-cc sonable and full Compensation to be given to the Royal c< Af ican Company for their Charter, Lands, Forts, " Castles, Slaves, and all other Effects, thereunto be-c< longing.

cc Resolved, That the Time allowed by the said Act " to David Crichton to be at large, with Stay of Execu-4C tion on the Judgment given by him to William Stead, pursuant to the said Act, be further enlarged for the ‘f Space of One Year, to be computed from the ift Day " of May 1751, he giving the like Security for his Forthcoming as by the said Act was before directed.*

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom were referred the further Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton, and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned, and for flaying all Suits for Money due from, or on the Account of, the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned; and also the Petition of Joseph Philips, of Ginge, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, the acting Executor and residuary Legatee of the last Will and Testament of Mary Brookes Widow, deceased; be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Account of the Names and Descriptions of such of the Proprietors of African transferrable Stock, as were podefied of the same on the 31st of December 174.$, together with the Quantity of such Stock belonging to each Person, agreeable to an Account which was delivered by the said Company to a Committee appointed by the Honourable House of Commons, in the last Session of Parliament, to examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Account of the Names and De-fcripcions of such of the Proprietors of African transferable Stock, as have become possessed of the same lince the 31st December 1748, together with the Quantity of such Stock belonging to ..each Person, agreeable to aji

Account

Googh

Greenwich

Hospital.

Woollen

Trade.

Wrotham Heath, &c. Road.

25 Geo. II. ‘X'f — 28° Januarii.

407

Account which was delivered by the said Company to a Committee appointed by the Honourable House of Commons, in the last Session of Parliament, to examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddireded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render all Contracts and Agreements, which shall be made by the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich for the Purchase of a House, and certain Parcels of Land, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 28° d Januarii.

Anno 2j° Georgii II'’ Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Wool-ftaplers, and other Dealers in Wool, in the Town of Bedford, and in Potion and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the Marking of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from The Royal Oaky on IVrolbam Heathy in the County of Kent, to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County, was re-committed, with respect to one of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, That the Committee had made another Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the said Amendment, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the said Amendment was twice read* and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee, to whom the said Bill had been committed, being, Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 26.

A

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy and Mr. Harvey be added Narborough to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring Inclosure. in, a Bill according to the Prayer of the Peticion of William Wollaston Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Narborow, ocher-wife Narborough, in the County of Leicester, and Patron of the Advowson of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Narborow aforesaid, Thomas Metcalf Rector of the said Church, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the common Fields and common Meadows of and belonging to the Parish of Narborow aforesaid.

A Petition of the several Journey men Taylors and Jour- Taylors and neymen Stay-makers, residing within the Cities of London Slay-makers. and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality,whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other industrious Journeymen working in the same Trades, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of a Petition presented to the House, and referred to a Committee, complaining, that these Petitioners, and others, under their Circumstances, have offended against an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the weekly Bills of Mortality j and representing to the House, That neither the Petitioners, nor any other Persons, with their Privity, Kriowlege, or Consent, have threatened, terrified, or abused, the Master Taylors and Stay-makers, in a riotous or tumultuous Manner, nor have acted in any ways as represented by the said last mentioned Petition; but that thele Petitioners hope to prove, that they are, in general, honest and industrious.

Men, who desire to get their Bread in an honest Way; and that the Petitioners think it will be a great Oppression upon them, that the Master Taylors and Master Stay-makers should get an exorbitant Profit out of the honest Labour of the Petitioners: And therefore praying; That they may have Leave to be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, to whom the said Petition of the Master Taylors and Master Stay-makers, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master Taylors and Stay-makers, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other the Master Taylors and Stay-makers, within the same, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard upon the Petition of the Master Taylors and Stay-makers, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves,’ and other the Master Taylors and Stay-makers, within the same.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act RobeWa for naturalizing Jane Magdalen Robelon9 was read the First ^at* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Prifopers confined for Debt in his ^ebtor5 Majesty’s Gaol upon Ouze Bridge, kno\yn by the Name of Fccitl0iv

408 28° — 2 90 Januarii. 1752.

The Kidd Cents* in the City of York, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt, within the federal other Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining* of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Gdcdncki’g An ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing Christian Samuel Nat* Gelednekiy was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Christian Samuel Geledneki.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cirencester, Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, to whom

&c. Road, the Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Ciren-cefier, to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also the Road leading from Cireticester towards Bifley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fremcaux’s An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing James Frcmeaux,

Nat. Merchant, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing James Fremeaux, Merchant.

Ordered, That Mr. Brookjbank do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

5apply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ir was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to, report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Support of the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, to be applied in such manner as his Majesty shall think proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twelve thousand One hundred and Forty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for a full Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Cattles, Slaves, military Stores, Books, Papers, and all other their Effects whatever, to be applied as follows; that is to say, Eighty-four thousand Six hundred Fifty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, Part thereof, in Satisfaction to the several Creditors of the said Company; One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five Pounds Three Shillings, other Part thereof, to the Commissioners appointed to examine and state the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for their Trouble, and in Satisfaction of the Expences of executing the said Commission; Twenty-three thousand Six hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, other Part thereof, in full Compensation and Satisfaction to such of the Proprietors of African transferable Stock as were possessed of the same on the Thirty-first Day of December 1748, being Ten per Cent, on the Stock so possessed by them; and Two thousand One hun*

dred Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence, Residue of the said Sum of One hundred Twelve thousand One hundred and Forty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence, in full Compensation and Satisfaction to such of the Proprietors of African transferable Stock as have become possessed of the same since the said Thirty-first Day of December 1748, being Five perCent. on the Stock so possessed by them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages between the City of CarUJle and the Town of NewcaJile-upon-Tyne.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir William Yonge, and the Lord Dup-plin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That General Oglethorpet Mr. Fazdkerley, Militia, and Mr. Yownjhend, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to make the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England,more , useful

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whiteheid,i whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners Q^nt0 the for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Ex- rown* chequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George Whitehead, of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John Whitehead and Thomae Whitehead, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercur/V, 290 die j

Anno 250 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752.

Praters.

MR. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom Mercers the Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in Company, the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London) and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true*; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Nelme, Ac- Briufh comptant to the Society of the Free British Fiftiery, filbery. attended at the Door;

He was called in y and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

1 Account

X

Pomshment of Felony.

Account pretexted.

Ridley Inclo-iure.

Whitehead's Debt to the Crown.

Greenwich

Hofpkal.

25 Geo. II.

2 90 Jattuarii.

409

Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of Admiral Rowley, Mr. Tracy, Colonel Bbfcawen, Mr. the Free British Fiffiery, from 13th April 1750,10 19th Bacon, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr.

December 1751. Bayntun, Mr. Saunders, Colonel Fairfax, Mr. MitcbelU

And then he withdrew. Sir Francis Poole, Admiral KnowlesMr. Colleton, Mr.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Mr. //ay, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, Barbor, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Sir 7^6# Cufl% Mr. Fa-

to be perused by the Members of the House. zakerley, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Mr. Yorke, Mr.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Pa- Willes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Banker, Mr. pers of this Session. Lowndes, Mr. Robinson, Lord Parker, Mr. Vaugbani Mr,.

Sydenham, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Townshend A Bill to give Power to change the Punishment of Mr. Compton, Mr. Powney, Sir jW# Turner, Mr. Lyster,

Felony, in certain Cafes, and of certain other Offences, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. to Confinement and hard Labour, in his Majesty’s Dock Laroche, Sir Walter Blacket, Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Yards, was read a Second time. Sir /ffa. Calvert, Mr. Williams, Mr. Prowse, Mr. /far-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. burton, Mr. Gar*; and all the Members who serve for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the Counties of Kent, Surry, Essex, and the Cinque Ports: of the whole House. Ancjthey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se- in the Speaker’s Chamber, vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the said Bill. Ordered, That Mr. Cooke, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bowes, Scarborough

Sir Walter Blacket, be added to the Committee, to whom Pier.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, Agent the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships employed . for the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, in in the Coal Trade, and also the Freemen, Land-owners*

Scotland, attended at the Door; and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Scarborough, in the

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the County of York, is referred.

House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament. An Account of the Quantities of British and Irish Ordered, That Mr. Laroche, Mr. Oswald, be added importing coarse Linens, exported from Scotland, with the Bounties to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter Gum Senega paid thereon, to the 25th December 1751, inclusive, out Printers of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes, Linensi of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the and Stuffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be-Payment of Incidents to be replaced by Parliament, pur- half of themselves, and the rest of the Matter Printers of suant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of Great Britain, of the Trade aforesaid, is referred, an Act of the 22d of his present Majesty.

And then he withdrew. Mr. Colleton reported from the Committee, to whom Crowiand

And the Title of the said Account was read. the Bill, to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of Manor.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, the Manor of Crowiand, in the County of Lincoln, to to be perused by the Members of the House. Trustees, in Trust for Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, and

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Pa- his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be pers of this Session. paid for the fame, was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Sir Walter Blacket presented to the House, according to same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,* an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Wades and which they had directed him to report to the House;

Commons, in the Manor of Ridley, in the County of and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Northumberland: And the same was received; and read delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the First time. Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time. throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and,

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed Mr. Hoblyn, according to Order, reported from the to by the House.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ena- OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ble the Commissioners for executing the Office of Trea- ingrossed. surer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Titusnfor Whitehead, of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Road. Whitehead, and Thomas Whitehead,* Debt due to the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and Crown, for Customs on Tobacco, was committed, the the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; in the County of Stafford, was read a Second time, and which they had directed him to report to the House 5 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baptist and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- Lev. Gower, Mr.-Lyttelton, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Gybbon, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Ky-Table: Where the Amendments were once read through- nafton. Lord Parker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon Sloper, Mr. Hay, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Lyster, Mr.' the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Potter, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Poole, the Hqufe. Mr. Lev. Gower, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Alder-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- man Baker, Mr. Charlton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hardinge, grossed. Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Hume, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

A Bill to render all Contrafts and Agreements, which Hoblyn, Colonel Madan, Mi. Warburton, Mr. Kent, Mr.

shall be made by the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital Thornton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Powney, Mr. Shelley, Mr. for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of a House, Aldworth, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Earle, Mr. and cei tain Parcels of Land, for the linishing and com- Moncktcn, Mr. Robinson, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. La-pleting the said Hospital, valid and effectual, and for roebe. Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. attertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the Vaughan, Mr. Finch, Mr. Morten; and all the Members fame, was read a Second time. who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, Lancaster,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clevland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, and North Bri-Lord Barrington, Mr. Legge, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Camp- tain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of ebc bell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Burrell, Mr. VUliers, Lord Dupplin, Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 26. 5 M Mr.

4io 19° Januarii. 1752.

Aliens Mr. CXwrfer fownjhend presented to the Hoti&> ac- so weighed; and that the Weigher of such Wool, wto* is Children, cording to Order, a Bill ro obviate Doubts that may afife the Buyer, cfr his Ag*nf, examines every finglfc Fleece, at upon an Act made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth the same comes to the Scale to be weighed, m order to ftfc Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King IVilli&t* the whether it be or be not a Cot; and in case he has RtfaWn ro Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural- suspect that any Fraud or ill Practices have been conwfiitted born Subject* to inherit the Estate of their AnCeftorS, in chi Winding of any Fleece, he may mlift open and either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding the if Father examine it; and if such Liberty is denied him, the PfiL r Mother were Aliens: And the same was received} iritioners apprehend he may lawfully refofe such Fleece or and read the First time. Fleeces; and that in the said County, and, as the Petitioners

Resolved, That the Bill be rfead a Second time. are informed, in some of the neighbouring Counties, it has

not, within the Memory of Man,been tiloal forrhe GtorWers Morpeth, Sec. Sir William Middleton presented to the House, accord- of Wool to wind their own W ool; but the same is wooml Road, ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from or tapped up by Persons profcffingthat Business,whdarfc Long Horsley Stir, or Gate, on the Post Road, hear the called Wool-winders; many of whom are appointed to ToWh of MotpOtb, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon that Office, purfoant to the ancient Statute of the Staple, Bridge, and iVbtttingham, to the River Breamish, in the set forth in the 27th Year of King EdwOrd the Third; County of Northumberland: And the same wafc received; and that, ac the Time of the Appointment, such W00U and read the First time. winders are sworn to the due Execution of their Office,

Rejohed\ That the Bill be read a Second time. before the Mayor of the Staple, at dVeflmnjler \ and the Petitioners apprehend, it is for the Benefit of the Woofc-'Woollen A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Graziers, and growers in general, that the Wool should be waffied and Trade. Farmers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, beitig "woumi of clear of ail Dire, Soil, or Frith, and, as forhs is -Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the Parrsof Holland, irt possible^withoutcuttingOrclipping) from the Tar-mirks* the County of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and the since it is well known, thac the First Buyers of Wool, rest of the Owners and Occupiers of L&ftds in that Chtohty, der Colour of a Loft by such Marks, do generally expect was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, «nd make greater Abatements in the Price of Wod,diiui *That Application has been lately made to Parliament; in the Weight of such Parcof the said Marks, as remains after order to obtain feme new Law, to enforce the ObferVation washing, does, upon a Medium,amount to,; and that ite of the ancient Laws relating to the Winding of Wool, and Petitioners are so truly sensible, that all Frauds and Mifr to make the said Laws more effectual, by restraining the managements in the Washing and Winding of Wool Marking of Sheep with Tiar and Pitch, and for prevchting to the Discredit and Disadvantage of the boneft and filial! Deceit and Fraud in the Winding of Wool, for the dealing Wool-growers, that they should be glad some eft future; and setting forth. That the County of Lincoln is feftual Method could, by Parliament, toe found out, to Of very great Extent, and hath, lying within it, largeQufan- prevent the like Practices for the future, without fubjoghing tities of rich Pasture Lands, whereon are depastured and the innocent and honest Wool-growers in general to kept great Numbers of Sheep; and che Graziefs, Farmers, heavy Penalties, and frequent vexatious andexpenfivePro-and Occupiers of Land, in that County, do make some the fecutions; that all Difficulties, Hardfhtps, or Penalty Whole, and others the grea'test Part of the Rent and Pro- -laid upon the Growers of Wool, Will, as the Petitioners ‘fits of the Lands they occupy, by breeding and fattening apprehend, naturally tend to discourage *be Growth of of Sheep, and growing of Wool; and that the Occu- Wool, and lessen the Quantity, which, in the End, will piers of Lands, within the said County,;have of late Years 'hurt the Manufacturer and Trade in general, And sower been at great Expence and Trouble in improving the the Rents and Value of Lands throughout the Kingdoiw; Breed of Sheep; fothat ’tis well known, that the Wool df and exp re fling the Hope of the Petitioners, that, at the the said County is esteemed the finest large Wool, and the same time that proper Laws are established'to prevent all properest Wool for making the finest Crapes, Camblets, Abuses, Mi (management, and Fraud, being practised by Damasks, and other fine Woollen Goods of the like Na- the Growers and First Sellers of Wool, like Provisioa lure; and alleging, That in order to distinguish Property, will be -made by the Legislature, to prevent all Freuds-and ‘the Petitioners apprehend themselves under a Necessity to ill Practices in the First Buyers of Wool, and particularly use Pitch, Tar, and such-like Ingredients, in marking of toenforce the ancient Laws relating to the due weighing, :their Sheep, no others having been found able to withstand and the Refuse or Refusals of Wool, and other Difficulties the Injuries of the Weather, especially upon the large and Impofuions to which the Growers of Wool are often Commons and Fens, in the said County; which, in the -subjected, in felling and disposing of their Wool, and in -North Part of the Division of Holland alone, aiiiouric to receiving and recovering the Money agreed to be paid for more than 50,000 Acres of Land; and that the Petitioners the same; because, as the Laws now Hand, the First Wool-are greatly apprehensive, that, should the Growers df buyers, by themselves or Factors, do often come to a Wool be obliged to cut out all the Marks, it will expose verbal Agreement with the Grower, for a Parcel of Wool, them,.in the highest Degree, to suffer, from the Practice which, by the Agreement, is to be weighed up, and paid of Sheep-dealing, as depriving them of the belt, and almost Torat a particular Time, which the Buyer generally exceeds; only, Means oftDiscovery; and that the Petitioners also and whether he does or does not,instead of paying for the apprehend, the First Buyer may, from thence, frequently Wool, when it is weighed and delivered, generally gives take occasion to object, that such Fleece was not a whole -the Seller Bills, payable at a future Day; which are often Fleece, and would refusevthe Fame; which would greatly very irregularly paid, and sometimes not paid at all; depreciate the Value of such Wool, and pux the Growers whereby the Seller is put to great Trouble and Difficulty under great Difficulty to prove such Fleece was not a to recover the Value, as the Wool-buyers, for the 1110ft broken Fleece; and that the Petitioners apprehend the parr, live in very remote Parts from the Seller; and fur-Buyers of Wool can easily discover whether any Frauds ther alleging, That when Wool-buyers have bargained for or ill Practices have been committed in the Washing and a Parcel of Wool, at a certain Price, to be weighed, deli-Winding of Wool, as all Wool boiight by them before it vered, and paid for, at a future Day, and ic has hap-is delivered is weighed in Parcels, not exceeding a Tod, or pened, that, in the mean time, the Price of Wool has 28 Pounds, at One Weight, it being the Buyer's Advan- fallen, the Buyer, in such Case, has refused to perform his tage to weigh in small Parcels, whereby they get the Turn Agreement, which being usually verbal, the Grower has of the Scale in every Parcel; and that, although by the not any Method to compel him foLto do, except by en-Laws relating to the weighing of Wool, it ought to be tering into a long and expensive Law-lbit; and, at the weighed by an even Balance, by Avoirdupoize Weight; same time, dares not dispose of his Property to another, yet the Buyers of Wool do, for the most part, infill to have ’left the Firff Buyer ihoukl afterwards demand a Perform-an additional Weight of Half a Pound, and in some Places ance of his Bargain, and insist it was not to be vacated or a Pound, over and above the legal Weight, in every Parcel set afidc, but by due Course of La\v; by which means

25 Geo. II. 290- — jj°

411

the industrious and honest; Wod^grower is kept oyr of his Money, to his great Disappointmept and Lpfs, and often to that of his Landlord 5 and that it frequently happens, that Part of the best Fleeces are broken,torn or cut, from the Sheeps Backs, before the general Clipping; in which Cafe, it is necessary such Part of the Fleece as remains, should be put into, and wrapped up with, a Fleece of equal Quality 5 for were such broken Fleeces to be deemed Refuse, a much greater Loss woijld attend the Grower than the Manufacturer, by accepting it; and that the Petitioners apprehend this Matter may be put under proper Regulations, by enjoining all Wool-growers not to wind their own Wool, and obliging them to employ publick licensed and sworn Wool-winders to Vind the feme (at least in the County of Lincoln, and such Places where Wool-winders have been usually employed) and by providing proper Laws and Rules for licensing, swearing, and regulating of Wool-winders: And therefore praying, that the House will take the same of the Petitioners into their Consideration; and provide such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall fectn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bernikt, aijid Mr. Elde.

Mr. Speaker,

Attestation of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Willi, &c. avoiding and putting an End to certain Doubts and, Questions, relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils, concerning real Estates, in . that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Mfflei’sNat. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An 4£t for naturalizing John Matthias Miller: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Revived, That this House will, upon Aijonday Morning next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by L*iw; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Perfops keeping disorderly Houses.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ijiqufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 31° die Januarii;

Anno 250 Georgii Ifdl Regis, 1752. Prayers.

MR. Comptroller presented-to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from Leeds, through Harwood, to the Squrh West Corner of the Indofures of ffarrowgate, and from thence, in Two Branches (One through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knar^/borough and Boroughbridge) to Ripen, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Wacer-course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs on the said Moor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second rime.

ties.

Motion for A Motiop being made, and the Question being pro-Address, re- posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Ma-fpoliag Sub- jcftyrbeseeching him, in the most dutiful manner. That, {diary Trea- jn our present distressed Condition, and during this Time of publick Tranquillity, his Majesty will be graciously pleased not to enter into any subsidiary Treaties with foreign Princes, which are so burthensome to this Nation;

The following Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out, <c in our present distressed Condition, €i and"; and after i€ any" to insert <c farther"; and after " Princes," to insert c< with a View to secure the w Election of a King of the Romans."

And the Question being put, That the Words ".in our present distressed Condition, and" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word "ferther" belnferted after the Word " any ;"

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " with a View to secure the Election of a King of the " Romans" be inserted after the Word " Princes;"

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, as amended, being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, beseeching him, in the most dutiful manner, that, during this Time of public Tranquillity, his Majesty will be graciously pleased not to enter into any subsidiary Treaties with foreign Princes, which are so burthensome to this Nation; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T*sforth.re,,[s"^;

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

52*

182.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

VOL. 26.

The House being informed. That Mr. Croft, >Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of Monies assessed for cleansing the Streets in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, for One Year, ending the 3d Day of December 1751.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prelcrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the WooHen Manufacturer* of the Town of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, and jPJaces adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Frauds and Abuses practised in the Marking of Sheep, and in the Winding of Wool: And praying such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, inTwoseveral Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibjey, to the Town of Hnllifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Hallifax, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Colonel Stanwix, Lord Downe, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Saltijfmy, Mr. IVebh, Mr. Hay, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Golleton, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Carmichael,

Qualifying for Offices.

Preventing

Robberies,

&c.

Ways and Means.

Leeds by Harrowgate, See. Roads.

Westminster

Scavengers

Rates.

Woollen

Trade.

Leeds to Hallifax Road.

Woollen

Trade.

Ditto.

412 31 0 Januarii.175 2.

S\vCharles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston^ SxrJohnCuft, Mr. Lyft-cr> Mr. Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Gyhbon, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Sir Ramsden, Mr. yVvary, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Newnbam, Colonel Leighton, Lord Strange, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mundy, Colonel Acourty Mr. GVo. Town-Jhendy Mr. Popham> Mr. Buller, Mr. Powney, Mr. £/Zw, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Williams, Sir JPi*. Calvert, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Walpole, Mr. £>;?/, Mr. Thorntony Mr. Glanville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Cumberland\ Northumberland, West-tnorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Graziers* and Farmers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, in the Parts of Kefteven, in the County of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in that County: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Graziers, and Farmers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, in the Parts of Lind/ey, in the County of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in that County:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally taking Notice, That Application has lately been made to Parliament, in order to obtain fomenew Law to enforce the Observation of the ancient Laws relating to the Winding of Wool, and to make the said Laws more efteftyal, by restraining the Marking of Sheep with Tar and Pitch, and for preventing all Deceit and Fraud in the Winding of Wool, for the future; and setting forth, That the County of Lincoln is of very great Extent, and hath lying within it large Quantities of rich Pasture Lands, whereon are de-pallured and kept great Numbers of Sheep; and that the Graziers, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, in that County, do make some the whole, and others the greatest Part of the Rents and Profits of the Lands they occupy, by breeding and fattening of Sheep, and growing of Wool 5 and that the Occupiers of Lands, within the said County, have of late Years been at great Expence and Trouble in improving the Breed of Sheep 5 so that it is well known, that the Wool of that County is eLleemed the finest large Wool, and the properest Wool for making of the finest Crapes, Camblets, Damalks, and other fine Woollen Goods, of the like Nature or Kind; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend it is absolutely necessary, that Sheep should be marked with Tar Marks, in order to distinguish Property; and that, be Gdes this, where Sheep are depastured or fed on large Commons, or open Fields, it is usual, and, as the Petitipners apprehend, absolutely necessary, to mark such Sheep in like manner with a publick Mark of each Town; all which Marks are in a great measure washed out before the Sheep are clipped, though it is impossible intirely to clear the Fleecefrom such Marks,by walh-ing or rivering of them; and that, should the Mark or Marks be cut or clipped effectually from the Fleece, by the Grower, the Petitioners apprehend the First Buyer would, from thence, frequently take Occasion to object, that such Fleece was not a whole Fleece, and would refuse the fame; which would greatly depreciate the Value of such Wool, and put the Grower under great Difficulty to prove such Fleece was not a broken Fleece; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Buyers of Wool can easily discover whether any Frauds or ill Practices have been committed in the Washing and Winding of Wool, as all Wool bought by them, before it is delivered, is weighed in Parcels, not exceeding a Tod, or q8 Pounds, at One Weight 5 it being the Advantage of the Buyers to weigh in small Parcels, whereby

they get the Turn%f die Scale in every Parcel; and that, although by the Laws relating to the Weighing of Wool, it ought to be weighed by an even Balance, by Avoirdupoize Weight, yet the Buyers of Wool do, for the most part, insist to have an additional Weight of Half a Pound, and, in some Places, a Pound, over and above the legal Weight, in every Parcel so weighed; and that the Weigher of furst Wool, who is the Buyer, or his Agent, examines* very single Fleece, as the same comes to the Scale to be weighed, in order to fee whether it be or be nor a Cot; and in case he has Reason to fufpc& that any Fraud or ill Practices have been committed in the Winding of any Fleece, he may insist to open aiii examine it; and if such Liberty is denied him, the Petitioners apprehend he may lawfully refuse such Fleece or Fleeces* and that in the said County, and, as the Petitioners are informed, in some of the neighbouring Counties, it has ndt, within the Memory of Man, been usual for the Growers of Wool to wind their own Wool; but the same is wound or wrapped up by Persons profefting that Business, who are called Wool-winders; many of whom are appointed to that Office, pursuant to the ancient Statuce of the Staple, set forth in the 27th Year of King Edward the Third; and that, at the Time of the Appointment, such Wool-winders are sworn to the doe Exe--cucion of their Office, before the Mayor of the Staple, at Westminster-, and that the Petitioners apprehend it is for the Benefit of the Wool-growers in general, that the Wool should be washed and wound up clear of all Dirt, Soil, or Filth, and, as far as is possible (without cutting or clipping) from the Tar-mark*; since it is well known, that the First Buyers of Wool, under Colour of a Loss by such Marks, do generally expcCt and make greater Abatements in the Price of Wool, than the Weight of such Part of the said Marks, as remains after washing, does, upon a Medium, amount unto; and that the Petitioners are so truly sensible, that all Frauds and Mismanagemerics in the Washing and Winding of Wool, turn ^6 the Discredit and Disad vantage of the honest and fair-dealing Wool-growers, that theyfhould be glad some effectual Method could be found our, to prevent the like Practices for the future, withouc subjecting the innocent and honest Wool-growers in general to heavy Penalties, and frequent vexatious and expert-five Profecurions; and that all Difficulties, Hard-ships, or Penalties, laid upon the Growers of Wool, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, naturally tend to discourage the Growth of Wool, and lessen the Quantity; which, in the End, will hurt the Manufacturer, and Trade in general, and lower the Rents and Value of Lands throughout the Kingdom; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, at the same Time that proper Laws are established, to prevent all AbufeSjMismanagement, and Fraud, being praCfifed by the Growers and First Srllers of Wool, like Provision will be m^de by the Legislature to prevent all Frauds and ill Practices in the First Buyers of Wool; and particularly to enforce the ancient Laws relating to the due weighing, and the Refafe or Re-fufals of Wools, and other Difficulties and Impo-ficions to which the Growers of Wool are often fuh-jected, in felling and disposing of their Wool, and in receiving and recovering the Money agreed ro be paid for the fame; for that, as the Laws now stand, the First Wool-buyers, by themselves, or Factors, do often come to a verbal Agreement with the Grower, for a Parcel of Wool, which, by the Agreement, is to be weighed up, and paid for at a particular Time, which the Buyer generally exceeds; and whether he does or does nor,instead of paying for the Wool, when it is weighed and delivered, generally gives the Seller Bills, payable at a future Day, which are often very irregularly paid, and sometimes not paid at all; whereby the Seller is put to great Trouble and Dif- ficulcy

25 Geo. II.

31® Jamdrii.

413

Morpeth to Sting Cross Road.

Glenwelt

Road.

faulty to recover the Value, as the Wool-buyers, for the qaoft part, live in remote Parts from the Seller; and further alleging, That where Wool-buyers have bargained lor a Parcel of Wool, at a certain Price, to be weighed,.delivered, and paid for, at a future Day, and it has happened, that, in the mean time, the Price of Wool has fallen, the Buyer, in such Case, has refuted to perform his Agreement; which, being usually verbal, the Grower has not any Method to compel him so to do, except by entering into a long andexpenfive Law-suit; and, at the same time, dares not dispose of his Property to another, left the First Buyer should afterwards demand a Performance of his Bargain, and infill it was not to be vacated or set aside, but by due Course of Law; by which means the industrious and honest Wool-grower is kept out of his Money, to his great Disappointment and Loss, and often to that of the Landlord; and that it frequently happens, that Part of the bell Fleeces are bruken, torn, or cut, from the Sheeps Backs, before the general Clipping in which Cale, it is necessary such Part of the Fleece as remains should be put into, and wrapped up wiih, a Fleece of equal Quality; for were such broken Fleeces to be deemed Refuse, a much greater Lois would attend the Grower than the Manufacturer, by accepting it; and that the Petitioners apprehend this Mai ter may be put under proper Regulations, by enjoining all Wool-growers not to Wind their own Wool, and obliging them to employ publick, licensed, and sworn Wool-winders, to wind the same (at least in the County of Lincoln, and such Places where Wool-winders have been usually employed) and by providing proper Laws and Rules for Licensing, Swearing, and Regulating, of Wool-winders: And theretore praying, That the House will take the same of the Petitioners inro Consideration; and provide such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Milford, Tbropple, Long Wit ton, and by the North Side o( Roth.ey Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elf don, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Walter Blacket reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edward Lowes, and Mr. Henry Ridley, were severally examined; and said, Thai the Road leading from a Parc of the Road, now making from Carlisle to Newcastle, near Glenwelt, to Haltwijlle, and through Haydon Bridge, Hexham, and Cor bridge, to a Place upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland\ is in a very ruinous Condition; and is in several Places very narrow and incommodious;

And that the said Road cannot, by the Laws in being, be widened, and effectually amended, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwelt, to another Part of the Road (so mak-' ing from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in Vol. 26,

the County of Northumberland: And that Sir Walter Blackett, Sir William Middleton, and Mr. Allgood, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Office of posed. That Leave be given to bring rn a Bill, forgiving Coroncf* a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Execution of their Office; and for amoving Coroners from their Office, for Misbehaviour, or Incapacity;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words M and for amoving Coro-c< ners from their Office, for Misbehaviour, or lncapa-" city."

And the Question being put. That those Words (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for giving a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Execution of their Office: And that Mr tiardinge, Mr. Potter\ and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An AClfor AttcflttionoC avoiding, and putting an End to certain Doubts and Questions relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils concerning real Eftaces, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, was read the First time.

Refohed\ That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Cnufock the Reverend DoClor Cradock, for the Sermon by him thanked for preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's Preachbg* Westminster; &nd that he be desired to print the fame:

And chat the Lord Carysfort, and the Lord Burghley, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Poll Chaise reducing and asceriaining the Rates for travelling in hired Rate#* Post-chaises: And that Colonel Haldane, Lieutenant General Oglethorpe, and the Lord Strange, do prepare, arid bring in, the lame.

A Bill for the better Maintenance and Employment of poor poor Children, within that Part of Great Britain called Children England, was read a Second time. Employment*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the p^ Relief more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor: And and Employ-that the Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Secretary ment* at War, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pctter, and Sir Roger New-digatel do prepare and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses, dated at Lady-day 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1751, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton cook the Chair *of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Ch:tr.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

5 n

Ways and Means.

it*

Mr.

31° Januarii — 30

J. 1752.

Dover Writ.

Narborough

Inclosure.

414

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was of Sheep with hot Pitch and Tar, ofcener than at Clipping directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Time, or branding them in more Parcs than One, mutt Leave to fit again. greatly damage the Wool; therefore praying, on behalf

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- of the Petitioners in general. That the House will take the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Premi fes into Consideration; and do as may be thought to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the most likely, to prevent the Waste of Wool, occasioned Supply granted to his Majesty. thereby, and the Damage done the Manufactory; and

further observing, That the Sheep in the said County go Ordered, That Mr. Speakerdo issue his Warrant to the and feed mostly in common upon very high and exten-Clerk of the Crown, to make otic a new Writ, for the five Mountains; and that there is an absolute Necessity Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament, not only of falving their Sheep with Tar and Butter, to for the Port of Dover, in the room of Thomas Revell prevent the Scab, but likewi/e to have some conspicuous Esquire, deceased. Mark let upon them, that they may be distinguished at a

Distance; and therefore further praying, That the Owners Mr. //ny presented to the House, according to Order, of Sheep may not be restrained from marking or branding a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and their Sheep with unboiled Tar, at Clipping Time, yearly,

by pucting on some One Letter or Mark only, nor from falving their Sheep with a Mixture of Tar and Butter, as heretofore; nor from putting upon them the Red and Wad Marks; and that they may not have any sworn Wool-winders in the said Counry.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Jie upon the Table.

Common Meadows, of Narborow, otherwise Narborough, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

irurefbo- Mr. Thornton presented to the House, according to Or-lough Road, der, a Bill, for lepairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauliverer, and Scale Moor, to Green Hammerton, in the same County; and for making the same a high Carriage Road: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Andrew Mitchell, and Mr.

AUgood, be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, and others, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Cockermouth, in and for the County of Ctmberland, on Wednesday, the Fifteenth Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1752, and of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Manufacturers, in and for the said Borough of Cockermouth, and of other Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders, and Wool-growers, within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; observing. That Application is made to Parliament, for the Redress of some bad Practices complained of, reJating to the deceitful Fleecing of Wool with Dirt and other Things therein, to increase the Weight thereof; the Branding of Sheep with hoc Pitch and Tar; and other Matters relating to Wool; and setting forth. That great Flocks of Sheep are kept in the said County, and some final] Quantities of Wool manufactured therein; and that the Winding of Dirt, or any other Thing, wkhin the Fleeces of Wool, to increase its Weight, is a fraudulent Practice, which ought to be restrained as muchaspoffible; but as it may be difficult to judge what Wool is properly called Tail Wool, and Shank Locks, therefore praying, on behalf of the Wool-growers, they may be at Liberty to wind up all the clean and dry Wool, growing upon One Sheep, in one and the same Fleece; and as the Branding

Poor

Relief and Employ men\

WooUen

Trade.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha- Sahafh Water bitants, of the County of Cornwall, adjoining to, and bor- Cuitorn^ dering on, the River Thamar, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners 2nd their Ancestors, have immemorially enjoyed the Freedom of Water Carriage, for their Goods, Corn, and Merchandizes, up and down the said River Thamar, or from or out of the said River to any Port whatsoever, without any Demand or Dues paid to the Mayor, Aldermen, and free Burgesses, of the Borough of Saltash, for the fame; and expressing the Desire of the Petitioners,

That so much of the Petition of the said Borough of Sal-tash to this House, as relates to an Impofl or Duty of Two Pence per Ton for all Goods loaded and unloaded in the said River Ibamar, may not be carried into a Law* as it will unavoidably Jeffen the Petitioners Properties, clog the Freedom of Commerce, deprive the Petitioners of thdt hitherto uninterrupted Use of the said River, fink the neighbouring Lands in Value, and heighten the Price of every Commodity to the Buyer, without any proposed Benefit to Trade or Navigation: And therefore praying the House to rake the Premises into their Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, of the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according to Scsrboroug Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Roads-the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to Scarborough, in thcNorth Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Raiding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid 2 And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Traders and Manufacturers, residing in the Town of Birmingham ,\n the County of Warwick, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and:had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee* thereupon* to the Hpufe; and he read the Report in hisPJace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as foJloweth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Rushton, and Mr. James Webb, were examined; and said. That there are above Twenty thousand 13 working

Binringha Small Dct

25 Geo. If.

3° Februar

4*5

working Manufacturers in the Town of Birmingham; and thatfmall Debts, in the Course of their Trade, are daily contrafted, the Recovery whereof is attended with great Difficulty and Expence; and that they have known Four Pounds expended by the Plaintiff, and Three Pounds by the Defendant, upon account of a Debt which did not amount to Ten Shillings; and that it is the Voice and Desire of the whole Town to obtain an Act of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Archer, Sir Charles M or daunt, Mr. Hardinge, and the Lord Hillsborough y do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Harry Powlett presented to the House, according TinheadHill to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from the &c. R*acts; South East End of the Hedge on the Top of Pinhead Hilly in the Parish of Edingtcn, in the County of Wilts, through Tin head, and from thence, by Raydoivn, through Steeple Aftoton, and over Steeple Ashtcn Common, to a Place called The Round Stone, in Trowbridge, in the said County of Wilts; and also from a Place called Flinty Nap, in the Parish of Coulfton, to the Entrance of Western Down, in the said Parish of Edington, and from a House, now in the Occupation of Robert Godby, situate in a Lane called Trowlebridge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through Westwood\ to Midford, in the County of Somerset; and also from Freshford, in the said County oF Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Wilts, and through the same to the Foot of Combe Hill, leading to the City of Bath: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

fjuthris’sLof* of Tobacco.

Greenwich

BorialVaults

Mr. Andrew Mitchell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Guthrie, for himftlfand Company of Merchants in Dumfries, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in h s Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to deposit Corps in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tru; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That ingrossed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

South, &c. Iodofure.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Townships of Snaith, Cowick, and Rawcliffe, in the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Wilkinson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thac the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Fifteen Persons, who have but a small Interest in the said Commons and waste Ground, and who, having been applied to, said They would not oppose the fame; and that all the Parties (except Two who could not be found) had been apprized of the said intended Inclosure, and none of them had appeared before the said Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his.Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by Vol. 26.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the In- Crowland heritance of the Manor of Crowland, in the County of Lin- Manor; coin, to Trustees, in Trust, for Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, and his Heirs; upon a full and valuable Con-fiieration to be paid for the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manor of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, to Trustees, in Trust, for Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the fame.

Ordered, That S\x John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for exe* whiteheadV cuting the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, Debt to the or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to com- Crown, pound with George Whitehead of Br'tftol, Merchant, and his Sureties Joim Whitehead and Thomas Whitehead, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George WhiUbead, of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties* John Whitehead and Thomas Whitehead, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill ffir naturalizing James Fremeaux, Merchant; and desire their Concurrence.

Fremeaux

Nat.

Ordered, That Mr. H. Walpole senior, Lord Strange, Sir Importing Thomas Robinson, be added to the Committee, to whom Gum Senega, the Petition of the Master Printers of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Master Printers of Great Britain, of the Trade aforesaid, is referred.

A Bill for amending the several Roads leading from the Taunton Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was read a Roads. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Webb, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Glan~ ville, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. West, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Mitchell, Lord ’ Galway,

1

416 3 ° Februar 1752.

Galway, Mr. Page, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hay, Mr. Potter, *Mr. Hardinge, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir £'#/?, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Turner, Mr. Hill, Mr. Py//J, Colonel Madan,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Py<?, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Crawfurd, Mr. Laroche, Lord Strange, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Robinson, Mr Powney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Aflabie, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Earle, Mr. Clayton, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Lewis, Lord Parker, Mr. Morton j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wrothara An *ngro^ Bill, for repairing the Road leading from

Heath, &c. The Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, in the County of

Road. Kent, to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County,

was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. L. jS. To fill the Blank there left in the Bill with " Four. ’

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road leading from The Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Miller's Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing. John Matthias Miller, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bradford, See. Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to

Road. Order, a Bill for the widening, amending, and repairing, the Road from that End of Combe Bridge, which joins the Bath Road, in the County of Somerset, to and through Winjley and Bradford, and from thence, over Forwoods Common, and Mucbell Mead, to St aver ton Bridge, through Hilperton, down Guys Lane, and so far over Ashton Common as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford Bridge to a Place called Cockhill Gate, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received \ and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolution of the House, of the 27th Day of January last, for accepting the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for advancing the Sum of Fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, upon such Terms and Conditions as arc therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Two last mentioned Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Lyttleton,

Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane, and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Chandkrt impower Richard Chandler Esquire, and Elizabeth, his Name# Wife, and their Issue, to rake and use the Surname of Cavendish: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Wrolleti whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Trade, thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and Other Merchants, Wool-flaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of Yorkand also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York j and also the several other Petitions relating to the Marking of Sheep and Winding of Wool; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of such of the said Petitions, upon which any Person appeared to support the Allegations thereof; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read\ the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is prefcrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Shrewsbury, Mr. Kynafon presented to the House, according to Or-through der, a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of

Roads*1* Shrewsbury, through Ellejmere, in the County of Salop,

03 s* and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

and Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read* and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds out of such Monies as haves arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fuwk

Colonel Haldane reported from the Committee, to whom u»bur gfe. the Petition of the Heretors of the Shires of Linlithgow &c* Roa<L and Sterling, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appeared to your Committee, That the Post Road leading from Kirkltston Water, by Linlithgow and Falkirk, towards Stirling, and from Falkirk towards Glasgow, to inchbellie Bridge, are become very deep and ruinous, and, in many Places, impallable for Carriages, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Post Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boat-house Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the'Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; as also from Falkirk to Kelfytb, and to Inchbdlie bridge, on the Post Road to the City of Glasgow; And that Colonel Haldane,

boo? ie

.25 Geo. II. 3°- — 4° Februarii.

417

Mr. Carmichaeland the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

W*ntage,&c. Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, to whom Road*. the gin for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, through Wantage, to Farringdon, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were, wirh Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

kobelon’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nm. for naturalizing Jane Magdalane Robelon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Powney, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Page, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Bury, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Affleck, Mr* Townshend, Mr. Dowdejwell\ Mr. Hay, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sandys. Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Pye, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Oswald, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Richards, Lord Parker, Lord Strange, Mr. Mojlyn, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Kent, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Colleton> Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hor. Walpole junior. Lord Down*, Mr. Salusbury, Lord Bury, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Willes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Hill, Mr. Webb: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

j Securing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-Mtck Lead solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Iltas. the Bill for the more effectual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Qualifying Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Monitor Offices, ing next, refclve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing; further Time for that Purpose.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Securing Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Black Lead resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mmes. the gm for the more cffc&ua] securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MarttSj q-° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii Hdl Regis, 1752. Praykrs.

Westminster rT> H E House being informed, That Mr. Chimmow, Scavenger’. ± Vestry Clerk of the Parish Qf St. Clement Danes, ate* attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Paper, intituled, The Amount of the Scavenger's Rate in that Part of the Parish Vol. 26.

of St. Clement Danes which is within the Liberty of Westminster, for One Year, ending at Lady-day 17^1, taken from the several Assessment Books.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Powney be added to the Gentlemeii, Office of who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill foV Coroner, giving a proper Reward to Coroners for the due Execution of their Office.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in Knaref-the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldjborough borough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauliverer, and Scale Moor, to Roa<l%

Green Harnmerton, in the same County; and for making the same a High Carriage Road; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thornton,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hay, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Cocks, Colonei Acourt, Mr. Glanville, Lord Strange, Mr. Budgen, Mr.

Fazakerley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Richards, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Pinney, Colonel Leighton, Mr.

Robinson, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Burrell, Sit Thomas Robinson, Colonel Bofcawen, Sir Wm. B. Pro ft or, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kent, Mr. Ker, Sir Roger Twifden, Mr. Wilson,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Page, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Walpole, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Saunders,

Mr. Monckton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Obrien, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Morton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Anjon, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Salujburf, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Hardinge,

General Oglethorpe, Lord Parker, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr.

Fellowes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Westmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and Narborough common Meadows of Narborow, other wise Narborcugb, inclosure-in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Glanville,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Roger Twifden, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Fanfbaw, Mr. Salusbury,

Mr. Shelley, Mr. Allgood, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Funereau, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barbor,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Lane, Mv. Sandys, Mr. William's,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Richards, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Farrington, Mr- Bankes, Mr. Lyster, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Sydenham^ Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Budgen, Lord Downe,

Mr. Saunders, Mr. Monckton\ Sir Robert de Cornwall, Mr.

Anjon, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Barrington, Sir Wm. B.

Pro ft or, Mr. Pinney, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Cox, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Webb,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Newnham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester,

Derby, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dowdejwell reported from the Committee, td whom Upton the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-holders, of the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, and Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hertford, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them; to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Werner and Mr. John Lewis, being severally j O examined.

4i8 4° Februarii. A. 1752.

examined, said, That they know the Roads in the Petition was committed; That the Committee had examined the mentioned; which, from the Badness of the Soil, and the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true;

Number of heavy Carriages passing the fame, are become so ruinous and bad, that many Parts thereof are impafiable for Travellers, and the whole exceeding dangerous; by means whereof the Carriage of Butter, Corn, and other Commodities, to the Market of Upton, and the River Severn, is greatly obstructed j and also the Carriage of Cycler, Perry, Hops, and Coopers Ware, of which great Quantities were formerly brought from Herefordshire to Upton, to be shipped on board Vessels down the River Severn for Bristol and other Places.

And they further said, That the said Roads cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of . Law; for although the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads lead, have constantly performed their Statute-work thereon as by Law required, and have frequently collected Six Pence in the Pound, which hath been applied to the Repair thereof; yet the same hath proved infus-ficienr.

And they added to their Evidence, That the said Roads cannot be sufficiendy amended, and kept in Repair, fit for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwell, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Roberts End Street to Malvern Chace, in the said County of Worcester: And that Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Pytts, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leeds, by A Bill for repairing the Roads from Leeds, through

Harrogate, Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of

&c. Roads. Harrogate,. and from thence, in Two Branches, one

through Ripley, oyer Bur age Green, and the other, through Kna>esborough and Boroughbridge, to Rip on, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water-course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs oq the said Moor; was read a Second time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Ailgccd, Mr. Hay, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Page, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gore, Mr. Locke, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Carmichael, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Richards, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Farrington, Mr. A)Jon, Mr. Sergijon, Colont\Leighton, Mr. War bur ton, M r. Waller, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Duncumbe, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Earle, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Charles Howard, Lord Dupplin, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Lyster, Sir Richard Wrottcjley, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Colleton, Comrr\odore Mitchell, Mr. Kent, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham, Sir William Calvert, Lord Downe, Mr'. Willes, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Poore, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Digby, Mr. Whiclcote; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Fork, Durham, Northumberland, West -mor land, Cumberland, Lane after, Chester, and Derby: And they -are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ombersley Sir John Ruftjout reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. whom the Bill to exunguifti the Right of the Lord of the Manor of Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, of keeping a Warren for Conies on Linall Common, The Birchin Valley, and The Lyth; and for securing to the said Lord the Rent now paid for the same; and for annexing and uniting the said Birchin Valley, to several ancient Copy-holds, or customary Tenements, within the said Manor,

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Aqd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Ker reported from the Committee, to whom the Edinburgh Bill for enlarging the Term granted by two several Acts, Two Ramie* of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, Sc<ws* for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold within the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing Payment of the- Petty Port Custqms there; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the fame.to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ui his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Afr, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of CMdre#. the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was read a Second time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Bejolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an RiHtar Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Commons, in the Manor of Ridley, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Rlacket, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Felcwes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Ro-binjon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Ccx, Mr. Kent,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Thorn ten, Sir Wm.

Yonge, Sir Edmund Jsham, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bulery Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Co He ton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. launders, Mr. Yorkt, Mr.

Montagu, Lord Dupplin, Mr, Hardinge, Sir Roger Nezv-digate, Mr. Hume, Mr. DowdeJwt.il, Lord Harley, Mr.

Alderman Baker, Mr. Allgood, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Ord, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Popkam, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hay, Mr. Delme, Mr. Jennifon, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fdzaker-ley. Sir Richard Wrotteflry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York,

Lancaster, We)l mor land, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Harley reported from the Committee, to Bromyai whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and Inhabitants, Hoads, and other Persons, living in the Town and Parish of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and also of several of his Majesty’s Justkes of the Peace of and for the said County, and other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes, lying near to the said Town and Parish of Bromyard, and many other Persons who frequently travel through the Roads to and from the said Town of Bromyard, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him

*25 Geo. II. 4 — 50 Februarii. 419

him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edward Drew, being examined, said. That he knows the several Roads mentioned in the Petition, and has seen them lately; and that the same are in a very ruinous and bad Condition, and impassable for Carriages, and cannot by the Statute-work be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair.

Mr. Samuel Reeve, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by the said Mr. Drew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to several Places called Half-way Ash, in the Parish of Docklow, Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Whitburney Perry Bridge, Sapey Wood, Bishops Froome, Wooferwood Gate, and Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Bromyardy in the same County: And that the Lord Harley, Mr. Westy the Lord Bateman, and Mr. Northey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Insurance* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re-

on foreign strain the making Insurances on foreign Ships bound to £ Ships.* or ^rom t^e ^ie5 1 And that Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Alexander Hume, and Mr. Charles Torke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stewart, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. fVbde-house, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lowndes, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter Taylors and Stay-makers residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, Liberties thereof, and the Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other the Matter Taylors and Stay-makers, within the same, is referred.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Seend the Bill for repairing the Road leading from The Green Road. Many in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County o{"lVilts% through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence, by Road Church, to Eedington, in the County of Somerset, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Attestation of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wills, &c. for avoiding and putting an End to certain Doubts and Questions, relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils concerning real Estates in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed\ That this House will, upon Thursday next, r.t Twelve of the Clock, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

S.’curing The House refulved itself into a Committee of the Lead whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual securing lncs* Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 25° Georgii II,n Regis, 1752. Prayers.

Cave’sNamc. ."|i /T R. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom LvX the Bill to enable John Cave, now called John Browne, and his IHue, to take and use the Surname of Browne, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Gray, according to Order, reported from thq Securing Committee of the whole House,-to whom the Bill for the Black Lead more effectual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft Mines, and Robbery was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second time m,

The House was moved, That the Preamble of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the Repeal of certain Statutes concerning Treasons and Felonies, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,; be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Parsons, Comp- Account of troller of the Customs, attended at the Door; Linen

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Bountlcs* House, pursuant to the Directions of Two Acts of Parliament, An Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid in England out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from Chrifmas 1750, to Christmas 1751, Together with the Quantities for which the same were paid, pursuant to an Act of the 20th, and an Act of the 22d, of his present Majesty.

And then he withdrew

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upori the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Taylors and Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Vyner, Sir An ingrossed Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Greenwich uy-makers. Richard W. Bampfylde, Mr. P$wney% Mr. Nor they y Mr. Parish of Eaf Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to Burial Vault?. Vol. 26. deposit

420

5° — 6° Februarii. A. 1752*

deposit Corps in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Farilhioners of the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to deposit Corps in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sappy Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Fund. Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking F und;

and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, therein also to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1752: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confiaer further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rr<b^t,ing The ^ou^c ref°lved itself into a Committee of the nes, wf10jc House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. v

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 6° die Ftbruarii\

Anno 2j° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

Corn Bounty. A PETITION of the Merchants and Exporters of jtV Corn from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed, was prefenced to the House, and read 5 reciting the several Provisions in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the Duty on Malt, and by the several Malt Acts since, relating to the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Malt and Corn; and setting forth. That the Petitioners have in and since the Month of October 1750, at divers times, bought, put on Ship-board, and exported from the Pore of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, great Quantities of Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Malt, the said several Sorts of Corn being, at the Time of such shipping at the said Port, bought and sold under the several Prices mentioned in the said Acts; and, in consideration of the said Bounty, gave greater Prices to the Farmers for the said Corn, than the Petitioners otherwise should have done; and that the Petitioners, in shipping and exporting such Corn, have strictly observed and obeyed the Directions and Intentions of the said several Acts, and have procured Certificates, from time to time, from the Collector of the Customs in the said Port, of his

not having Money in his Hands, chargeable with the Payment of the said Bounty, sufficient to pay the fame; and have caused such Certificates, after being affixed to the Debenture of such Corn, to be produced to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at London, who have thereupon given Orders to the General Receiver, or Cashierv of the Customs, to pay the said Bounry-money, within Three Months, out of Monies in his Hands chargeable with the Payments of Money for the Exportation of Corn; and that the Petitioners, after the Debentures have become due, have applied divers times to the General Receiver, or Cashier, aforesaid, for the said Money; but have never been able to procure Payment of any Part thereof, the said General Receiver alleging.

That he had not, nor has, any Money in his Hands, chargeable with the Payment of the said Bounty-money, sufficient to pay the fame; so that there now remains unpaid to the Petitioners all the said Bounty-money for the said Corn exported by them as aforesaid, for upwards of a Year last past, amounting in the whole to a very large Sum of Money, great Parc whereof has been due these Twelve Months, and other Parts Eight or Six Months; whereby the Petitioners are greatly distressed in their Trade: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and make such Provision for the Payment of the Petitioners Bounty-money now due to them as aforesaid, and also for the better and more effectual Payment of such Bounty-money as hereafter shall become due by virtue of the said Act^ as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according Market to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead- Harboroagh ing from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, k0*-through Dejborough, Row ell, Kettering, Barton Sea graze, and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythome, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to The Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to extinguish the Right of the Lord Omberfl^ of the Manor of Ombersley, in the County of IVouefter, inclosure. of keeping a Warren for Conies on Linall Common, the Bii'chin Valley, and the Lyib; and for securing to the said Loid the Rent now paid for the fame; and for annexing and uniting the said Birchin Valley to several ancient Copy-holds, or customary Tenements, within the said Manor; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And rhat the Title be,

An Act to extinguish the Right of the Lord of the Manor of Omheijley, in the County of Worcester, of keeping a Warren for Conies on Linall Common, the Birchin Valley, and the Lyth; and for securing to the said Lord the Rene, now paid for the fame; and for annexing and uniting the said Birchin Valley to several ancient Copyholds, or customary Tenements, within the said Manor.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term granted by Edinbargh Two several Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beef fold within the City of Edinburgh Sox the Purposes therein mentioned; and fordiscontinuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by Two several Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh , for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for di£ continuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there.

Ordered, That Mr. Ker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

or

C.

j

25 Geo. II. 6° F42

Mercers An ingrotted Bill to reflify a Mistake in an Act, pafi*ed Mr. Lade, being examined, said, That the inhabitants ‘

Company. in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of the said City, in the Comic of their Dealings, give

intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, Credit to many of the labouring poor Artificers nn^dManu-"pafTcd in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Ma- fadlurers, who would otherwise often be subject to great jetty (intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants Distresses; and that they oftentimes evade the Payment

of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of of the Debts they contract, presuming on the Kxperfce

Mercers of the City o (London) and for other Purposes and Delay which attends the Recovery thereof in a Court' therein mentioned, was read the Third time. of Law; and that he had frequently been a Sufferer for

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, want of a more easy'and expeditious Manner of recover-An Act to rectify a:Mistake in an Act, passed in the 24th ing the fame:

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An That they have a Court in the said City, called the Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Mayor’s Court; but that they can’t hold the Defendants Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to Bail; and will cod Six or Se’frVn Pounds before Judg-(intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the ment can be obtained:

Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of That, if a Court was erected:for the Recovery of Debts

the City of London) and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Provfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Snaith, &c. An ingrotted Bill for establishing and rendering effectual ladofure. certain Articles of Agreement for the inclohng and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Townships , of Snaith, Cowick, and Rawcliffe, in the County of York, Was read the T hird time.

ResolvedfiShni the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Townships-of Snaith, Cowick, and Rawcliffe, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkirfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cirencester, An ingrotted Bill for repairing the Road from the

&c. Roads. Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Parc of Rodborcugh Hill which leads to Dudbridge \ and also the Road leading from Cirenccfier towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester; was read the Third time, v Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repaying the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough ' Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of; Gulpb Hill; all in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Taylors and Ordered, That Lord Luxborough, Lord Middlesex, Sir Stay-makers. Lud. Grant, St Dan. OJbcrne, Mr. Thomas Howard\ General ylnjlruther, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. IVi If on y Mr. Alder-rrtan Jansen, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. Thomas Newnham, Mr. Selwyn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter Taylors and Stay-makers reftding within the Cities of London and IVeJImir.Jler, Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly ca led the Bills of Mortattty> whose Nanhes are* thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other the Matter Taylors and Stay-makers within the same is referred.

Ordered, That all who come co the said Committee have Voices.

Canterbury Mr.'Matthew Rcbirfon reported from the Committee, Small Debt;, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders inhabiting within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the same City, was referred, Thar the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had<3ire£led him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, -. VOL'. 26.

under Forty Shillings, in a summary Wav, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City.

Mr. Noble and Mr. Greedy being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Lade; and Mr.

Noble added to his Evidence, That he never knew a Debt under Forty Shillings recovered in the Mayor’s Court; the Reason of which, he apprehended, was the great Expence attendi.ag Prosecutions in the said Court.

And all the Witnesses severally said, That if a Court was erected for the Recovery of Small Debts in an expeditious Manner, and at little Expence, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City, as well Debtors as Creditors.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came'to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pefkiohers have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the same: And that Mr. Matthew Rcbirfon, Sir John Cufi, and Mr. Hrrdirge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Samuel Walker of Bur/efcombe, in the T?, Jrtn County of Devon, and of several other Persons, w’hofc pvCUds, Names are thereunto subscribed, Land-owners, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands, in several Parts of the Counties of Devon and Somerset, and Carriers of Culm and Abbey Coal for Burning of Lime inthofe Parts, on behalf of themselves and ethers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That not only in the Neighbourhood of Burkfcombe (which lies about Eleven Miles West from Taunton,' in Somersetflme) but for an Extent of many Miles from thence, and especially towards the South and West, the^Lands are chiefly manured with Lime; and that large Tracts of that Country will receive no Bencfic from any other Manure; and that the Occupiers arc, for the most part, supplied therewith from certain Kilns in Burlefcombe, and the neighbouring Pari foes, belonging to the Petitioner Samuel Walker, where there is a vast Rock of Limestone; and that the Fuel used in burning the Lime is a Species of Coal, or Mineral, called Culm, alone, or in Mixture with other Coal, and then called Abby Coal, both imported from Wales to Bridgewater, in Somefct-ftme, and from thence conveyed up the River 7one to a Place called Ham Mills; but the greatest Part is carried on to Taunton; from which Places, but principally from Taunton, ic is brought on single Horses to the Kilns; and that the Consumption of Culm, in burning the Lime at those Kilns, is so extraordinary, that it fumifhes continual Employment for more than an Hundred Farmers, keeping Drifts of HoriVs, and ’renting Estates of different Values in rhat Neighbourhood; fblely for that Purpose; who, being thus conllantly employed, bring k from Taunton, at so 5 P low

jytrZ-

low Prices as g\d. and \o{d. according to the Distance of the several Kilns, for each Horseload, with a small Addition for what is brought from which He

beyond Taunton, and by such Means only are enabled to pay their Rents; and that these Kilns are situate at the Distance of between Two and Three Miles from the great Road leading from Taunton to Exeter, through which Read the Horses bringing the said Culm pafsj and that

6° — 70 Februarii.

A. 1752,

Colonel Haldane presented to the House, according to P;(f-Chaise Order, a Bill for reducing and ascertaining the Rates for travelling in hired Poll Chailes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Militia.

Mr. Thornton, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make the Militia in that Pa/t of Great the Way from that Road to the said Kilns is so extremely Britain called , more useful: And the same was

craggy, that it is incapable of any other Conveyance; and received; and read the First time, representing to the House, That, in case by. the Bill de- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, pending in the House, for erecting Turnpikes on the

Roads leading from Taunton (wherein the Road above The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Atteffation of mentioned is included) any Toll or Duty should be pay- Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill Willi, &c. able for Horses or Beasts carrying Culm and Abby Coal from the Lords, intituled, An Adlfor avoiding and putting for the aforesaid Purposes, it will be impossible for the an End to certain Doubts and Questions relating to the

Attestation of Wills, and Codicils, concerning real Estates, in that Part of Britain called England, and in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bathurst took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report, the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he.-delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Warminster, See. Road.

Whitehead’s Debt to the Crown*

Coromereirs, &c. Nat.

Geledneki’s

Nat.

Denover’s

Nar.

Carriers to continue bringing it at the present Prices; and if they should be raised (which the Nature of the Business will icarcely admit) of consequence the Price of Lime mull be enhanced, and a great Discouragement ensue to the Improvement of Lands in those Parts; and alleging, That any Increase of the great Expence, which the Occupiers in that Country are at present obliged to be at for this Manure, mud necessarily be very prejudicial to it: And therefore praying for such Relief on this Occafionas to the House Ihalli&em meet; and also that the Petitioners maybe heard, by their Counsel, if the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Pecition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee upon their said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mount ague and

Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts* to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset', and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington, in the same County; and for repairing the Road from Heytesbury to Anjlrow Hilly in the County of Wilts* without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George Whitehead, of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John Whitehead and Thomas Whitehead, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick William Commerelly John Anthony Toepken, and Christian Gottlieb Mojery without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Samuel Geledneki, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Philip Denoyer, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a p0nf(hm«t Committee of the whole House, upon che Bill to give of Felony. Power to change the Punishment of Felony in certain Cafes, and of certain other Offences, ro Confinement and hard Labour in his Majesty’s Dock.-Yards.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, That they had made some ProgreL in the Bill; and that he wa* di-rested by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Qualifying resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon for Offices. the Bill to indemnify PerJbns who haveomicted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within cheTime limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for chat Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

South Sea Directors.

A Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Scas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Veneris, 7° die. Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

A B ILL for repairing the Roads leading from the South TinhcadHill, East End of the Hedge on the Top of Tinbead Hill\ Sec. Koads, in the Parish of Edington, in the County of Wilts, through Tinbead, and from thence, by Raydown, through Steeple Ashton, and over Steeple Ashton Common, to a Place called The Round Stone, in Trowbridge, in the said County of Wilts; and also from a Place called Flinty Nap, in the Parish of Coulston, to the Entrance of WeJtern Down, in the said Parish of Edington, and from a House, now in the Occupation of Robert Godby, situate in a Lane called Trowlebridge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through Westwood, to Midford, in the County of Somerset % and also from Frejhford, in the said County of Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Wilts, and through the fame, to the Foot of Combe Hill, leading to the City of

Bath,was read a Second time.

Resolved,

2 5 Geo. IL

Februarii.

425

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Allgoody Colonel Leighton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ker, Mr. Collet on, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Williams, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Affleck, Sir Joi/i C#y?, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tracy, Mr. White, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gybbcn, Dr. Lee, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Montagu, Sir Peter Warren, Sir Robert Long, Colonel Acourt, Admiral Vernon, Mr. //aw*, Colonel Haldane, Colonel Clayton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Moncktcn, Sir Ibomas Bootle, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Morton, Lord Parker, Mr. Richards, Mr. Cox, Mr. Willy, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Povmty, Mr. Garth, Mr. Finch, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Southampton* and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shrewsbury Mr. Lyster presented to the House, according to Or-

Koad.dgnOIlh ^er> a for rcPa‘r*ng high Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morvill, to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bradford, See. A Bill for the widening, amending, and repairing, the Koad. Road from that End of Combe Bridge, which joins the Bath Road, in the County of Somerset, to and through Winfley and Bradford, and from thence over Forwood's Common, and Mucbell Mead, to St aver ton Bridge, through Hilperton, down Guys Lane, and so far over Ashton Common, as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton, to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford Bridge, to a Place called Cockhill Gate, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Compton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Treiawney, Sir John Cust, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vyner, Colonel Leighton, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Piit, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Londonderry, Sir Peter Warren, Lord Harley, Lord Strange, Mr. Hay, Mr. Potter, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Wm. Ccdrington, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Bold, Mr. Tempest, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr Lane, Mr. Carmichael, Mr Bayntun, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Locke, Sir Thomas Bootle, Admiral Rowley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Rlletmere

Roads.

Shrewsbury A Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewf-ir.rougti bury, through Ellesmere, in the County of Salop, and Over-ton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Popham, Mr Affleck, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Williams, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Hill, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thornbagb, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Compton, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Gray, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Bany, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bury, Mr. Lane, Mr. Garth, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Lord Strange, Lord Parker, Mr. Gil-dart, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pelham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Chester, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 26.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from Long Morpeth, Sect Horseley Bar, or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of &oaA. Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allgood.,

Mr. Salusbury, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Ker, Mr. Harvey, Lord Duppin, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Southwell, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hume, Mr. Popham, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Drake, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Tracy, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Garth, Sir Roger Twifden, Sir Walter Blackct, Mr.

Ord, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Colonel Acourt, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Barry, Mr. Williams, Mr. Sibthorpe,

Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bury, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Harry Powlett,

Mr. Powney, Mr. Morton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Colleton,

Admiral Vernon, Mr. Saunders; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, Westmorland, York, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen vVoolleA of the Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, Clergy, Wool- Trade, growers, and Manufacturers, at the General Quarter Sef-(ions of the Peace, at Kendall\ assembled, on Friday, the Seventeenth Day of January 1752, in and for the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application is made to Parliament, complaining of some bad Practices relating to the Salving of Sheep with Tar, and other Ingredients mixed therewith, the marking and branding the same with Pitch and

Tar, and the deceitful Fleecing of Wool with Dirt, and other Things therein, to advance the Weight, and for ap- pointing sworn Wool-winders, or Fleecers, to prevent the fame; and setting forth, That the Petitioners Country

is very cold and mountainous; and there are kept

great Flocks of Sheep; and that it is found, by Experience, that if the Sheep in those Parts were not salved with Tar, Butter, and Tallow, mixed, the Owners would, every Winter, lose the greatest Part of their Stocks; and, besides that, the Salving adds greatly to the Growth and Staple of the Wool; and that the usual Method of marking of Sheep is with Tar, and other Ingredients, as soon as the Fieece is taken off; which can do no Injury to the next Fleece, as it has a whole Year’s Time to spend itself, and no ways affects the Staple of the Wool; and the Sheep always, about a Month ’before Sheering, are well rivered or washed; and observing. That the Sheep in those Parts are generally very small; and, should it pals into a Law, that no Tail or Shank Wool should be wound up or fleeced, but to be cut off by the Owner of such.

Wool, the Grower would lose at least a Sixth Part thereof, besides the great Difficulty and Disputes which would, of course, arise between the Sellers and Buyers, about the aflbrtingand dividing the Tail and Shank Wool from the Fleece Wool; nor can the Buyers or Manufacturers of Wool, in those Parts, be hurt by the present Method of fleecing Wool, without a Wool-winder; the having'of which would also, in those Parts, not only be very expen-fiv«f, but troublesome, to the Growers of Wool: And therefore, as the Manner of Winding of Wool, now, and the Staple thereof, in every respect, is so well known, and which is chiefly manufactured into Coarse Goods, praying,

That no Restraint may be laid upon the Growers of Wool in those Parts, which may prevent them from falving or marking their Sheep as above-mentioned, or winding or fleecing their Wool as usual, nor any Profccurion against the Growers of Wool, for unfair fleecing thereof, after the Wool is delivered (as it afterwards is in the Power of the Wool-ftapler, or Carriers, to make use of unfair Means, in otaer to incur a Penalty upon the Seller, and as the Wool goes, in a general Way> upwards of Sixty Miles, by Land-

carriage,

424

A. 175-2.

carriage, and-through a-great many 'Hands, whereby/the hondt Wopl-grower may innocently suffer, from mali* cions and designing Persons) provided that no.Filth or pirt be wilfully wound therewith, to defraud the Buyers in Weight; and that no marking or branding with Pitch or Tar only be used above once in the Year; and that to be ifnmediately used after taking off the Fleece.

Ordered, That the said Petition dp lie upon the Table.

Scarborough ~ -A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the

Roads. East End of Monk Bridge, near ^.Suburbs of the City of York) tp Scarborough, in the Jfrarrh Riding of the County of York; and’ also from Spittle House, in the East Kiding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid, was read a Second.time.'

Rejohed, That the Sill be committed to Lord Dowrte, Mr. Townfljend, - Mr. Hill, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Gore, Mr.. Brooks bank, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Wilson, Sir Francis Pcole, Sir, John Ramjden, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Moflyn, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Barne, Mr. Earle, Mr. Neale, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Dun-combe, Mr.. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ker, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Campbell, Sir. John Savil/e, Mr. Fletcher, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lane, Mr. Gybbcn, Mr. Fazakerleyf Mr, Sandy*, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Kynaft'on, Mr. Lyfler, Si tjcbn Cust, Mr. Go dolphin, M r. Lowndes, M v I Compton, M rlFellowes; and-all the Members who feVve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancafltr: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Robelon’s ' Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. tire ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jane Magdalen Robelon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Taunton Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Pereg.

Roads. Powleit, Mr. Bayr.tun, Sir Edmund Thomas. Mr. Cooke,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, is committed.

African Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

Company, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Seco nd Refolucion, which, upon Tuesday the 28th Day of January last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for veiling, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, the Lands, Forts, Cadies, Settlements, Slaves, Military Stores, Books, Papers, and all other the Efforts of the Royal African Company of England; and for impowering the said Cocnpany of Merchants, or their Committee, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners for Trade and-Plantations, to raise Forces, and make Regulations, for Defence of the said Forts and Settlements, and for the Punishment of Offences therein committed; and to establisha Court of Judicature, for determining Difjputesj the Matter whereof shall arise among the Peripns icfident on the said Coad.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

on-dory.1 re^0,ve idelf into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Bill, to give Power to change the Puiv.shment of Felony, in certain Cafes, and of certain other Offences, to Confinement and hard Labour, in his' Majesty *s Dock Yards, be now read.

And the said Order be ng read accordingly '1 he House refoived itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to reporr, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Woollen further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Trade, whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,on the Behalfof themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Calamancoes, Stuffs, and other WooHen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West.

Riding of the County of York; and also the several other Petitions relating to the Marking of Sheep, and Winding of Wool; were referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ... for avoiding, and putting an End to, certain Doubrs and y/ills &c.° Questions relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils, concerning real Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, was read the Third time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ways and

Cleans.

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup ply granted to his Majesty;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were 7 Aliens;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Supply, fider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the vr. whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have omitted to qualify themseves for Offices and £m-ployments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of t;ie Commitee.

Mr. Speaker reformed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Commits e That they had gone through the Bill, and made levelal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

10 Ordered,

25 Geo. II.

7° — 16° Febftiarii.

4*5

Debts.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Tower Ham- Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order,

lets Small a Bill* to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Tower Hamlets: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Chippenham, Sir William Codrington presented to the House, accord-&c. Road, fog to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togghil/, in the County of Gloucester, and from Chippenham aforesaid, to the Top of Sodbury Hill, in the said County of Gloucester: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mornin°> next. Nine of the Clock.

Lurne^ 1 o° die Februarit;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752. Prayers.

Saltish A PETITION of the Portreeves, Burgesses, and Water Jt\_ Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Borough of Cnllomt. cTaviJlocky in the County of Devon, and the Inhabitants of the Parish of Tavistock, in behalf of themselves, and the neighbouring Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That the Corporation of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, have petitioned for an Act of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Pence per Ton on all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, &?c. carried inVesselsup and down the River Tamar, which is navigable upwards of Twenty Miles from Plymouth 5 and representing to the House, That the said Town and Borough of Tavistock is a Place of very considerable and extensive Trade, and lies about Fifteen Miles North from Plymouth, which is the nearest Sea-port Town; but that the said River Tamar being navigable to within Three Miles of the said Town and Borough of Tavistock, most of their heavy and bulky Goods are brought up, and sent down, by the said River; andthatas the saidTownand Borough arc largely concerned in the Woollen Trade, and have likewise one of the best Markets in the County for Corn, Grain, and other Commodities, very large Quantities of which (especially Oats) are weekly bought in the said Market and Neighbourhood for Exportation, and sent down by the said River, the Petitioners conceive, if the said Petition should pass into a Law, it would greatly distress and clog the Trade of the said Borough and Parish, by considerably advancing the Freight of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as well exported and imported, as the Price of Carriage by Land, from the said Town and Borough, to Plymouth, is Twenty Shillings per Ton; whereas the Freight by Water, to within Three Miles of the said Town and Borough, is but Eighteen Pence per Ton; and the Land Carriage, for the said Three Miles, Three Shillings and Six PenceperTom making in all 5*. per Ton; and further representing to the House, That the chief Manure used in Improvement of Lands, in the said Parish of Tavistock, and the neighbouring Parishes, is Lime and Sea Sand; of whfch several Thousands of Tons are annually brought up the said R iver of Tamar, for the Use of the Farmers inhabiting within Ten Miles of the Banks of the said River; so that the Vot. 26. '

said Duty will greatly affect the Landed Interest, by enhancing the Price of Manure, as well as the Price of Corn and Grain, exported as aforesaid; to the Discouragement of good Husbandry, and the Prejudice of the poor Farmers; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Corporation of Saltash have drawn up their Petition in a specious and artful manner, in order to mislead the House, and bring a very large Revenue to themselves, at the Expence of the industrious Tradesmen and Farmers: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleated, out of Regard to the Landed Interest and Trade of this Nation (both which will be considerably affected, should the Petition of the Corporation of Saltash be passed into a Law) to reject the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, of the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Exporters of4 Corn, Com from the Port of Ip/wich, in the County of Suffolk, whose Bounty. Names are subscribrd, was presented to the House, and read 5 reciting the several Provisions in an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in an Act made in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in an Act made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the Duty on Malt, and in the several Malt Acts since, relating to the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Malt and Corn; and alleging, That the Petitioners have, in and since the Month of October 1750, at divers Times bought, put on Shipboard, and exported from the Port of Ip/wich aforesaid, great Quantities of Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Malt; and that the Petitioners, in shipping and in exporting the fame, have strictly observed the Directions and Intention of the said Acts; but that the Petitioners have not been able to obtain any Part of the Bounty due to them for the said Corn and Malt, the Receiver General of the Customs alleging that he had not, nor has, any Money in his Hands, chargeable with the Payment of the said Bounty-money, sufficient to pay the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and make such Provision for the Payment of the Bounty-money, now due to the Petitioners; and also for the better and more effectijal Payment of such Bounty-money, as hereafter shall become due, by virtue of the said Acts, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Gybbon presented to the House, according to Order, Draytoa a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosu,c# CommonPaftures, CommonMeadows, CommonGrounds, and Waste Ground, in the Hamlet of Drayton, within the Parish of DaveiHry, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

M r. Allgood presented to the House, according to Order, Alemoutfc, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth &c‘ oa<1-to the Town of Alnwick, and by Lemington Coal Houses, and along Edlingham Dikes, to the Town of Rotbbury, and from thence to Coldrife, and by Ewejley Gate, to Cambo, and WaUington, and by Kirkharle, and Little Bavington, to Colwell, Chollerton, and Wall, to the Town of Hexham j and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rotbbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, to whom Liverpool* the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Com- Small Debt*, mon Council* of the Borough and Corporation of Liver-poole, in Council assembled, was referred. That the Com-

5 Q^ miiccc

1a&A

Tittenfar

Road.

42 6

10° Februdrii.

j. 1732.

mitree had examined the Matter oft'he said Petition* and had directed him to reprt the fame* as it appeared to them, together "with the Refolucions of the Committee thereupon, to the House 5 and he read the Report m.j>w Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Francis Gildarty being examined, said, That a great Number of the Inhabitants of the Town of Uverfoole are Traders, Artificers, Handicraft-men, and Seamen, amongst whom small useful Credit is found to be absolutely necef-iafy, for the Support of them, and their Families:

.That now many dishonest Persons run in Debtin[she! said Town and Port, and Liberties thereof, in small Sums of Money, not exceeding 'Forty Shillings, and reftrfe to pay the fame, upon a Confidence, that their just Credfcdrs will be deterred from going through the tedious and efc-pensive Proceedings of a regular Suit at Law, fdr the Recovery thereof; by which base Prances the honest CreJ ditor is wroi^ged, useful Credit ruined> and the poor honest Man, who is obliged to make use of Credit, and'who would pay, is very much Aftrefled:

That if amoreeafy and speetly Method of recovering Small Debts was established! in the said Town and Port, and Liberties thereof, it would greatly tend to the promoting Industry, and supporting ufefctf Credit; and be-of great Utility to the Trade and Welfare of the said Town, and the Landed interest about it. 1

Then an Act, pasted in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of fiis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Church in the Town of Llverpoole, itl the County Palatine of Lan-easter, and for enlightening and cleaning the Streets of the said. Town, and for keeping and maintaining a nightly' WatcE there, was read*. And,

Mr*. Francis Gildart being further examined, said. That there are many poor Persons,'Inhabitants in the said Town, who are enable to pay to the Rates aftdAssessments granted by the said Act; and there is no Po^er therein given to the Mayor, Justfcesof the said Town, and Commissioners therdn appofoted, to relieve such poor Persons. 1

And the aforesaid;Evidence was con firmedJ by a Member thert prefer*. ’*

Upon the whole, your Committee came to the following. Refokitions. 1 ’

Reftlved, That it ris the Opinfon of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition. 1 1

Rejohed, That-it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leavebfcgiven to bring; in a Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Town* and: Ports of Ltv&poole, and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

A Bill fot repairing and widening’fthe Road, leading Market Har. from Market Plar borough, in the County of Leicester, borough through Desboropgb, Rowell\ Ketterings Barton Seagrave, Road* *xxdThrapftcn, in the County of Northampton, and rhreugh Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to "The Pound in the Parishi of Bramptrt, -in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Refb/ied, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin,

Lord Barrington, Mr. West, Sir John Custy Mi*. Tow ft-Jhendy Mr. Prowje, Mr. Grenville, Mr.. Collet on, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Glanvilie, Mr. Wilkin fen, Mr. Whit worthy Mr, Lyster, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Belch ter, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Bushout, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr. Nor they, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Robihjon,

Sir Wm. Tenge, Sir Wm. Irby, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr.

Berkeley,* Mr. Cocke, Mr.’ Brand, Mr. Nugent, Lord Btiry,

Mr. Montagu, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Lord Ancram, Lord Fred. Cavendish, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Slopes Mr. Gotoolly, Mr. Fa fit. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cary,

Mr. Lambe. Lord CatpfoH, Mr. Hodgskinjbn, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Vane, Lord Cob-bdm, Lord Henry Beaitclerk, Mr. Pitt, General Campbell\

ColonelPowlett, Mr. Eliot, Mr, Reynolds, Mr. Gajhry,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Macktey, Mr. Pet ter,

Mr. JVilles, Mr. Towrtjhertd, Mr. Newnhatn, Mr. Bayntifn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huai-tingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Cambridge, Suffolk, Norfolk,- Fffex, Chester,'Lincoln, Derby, Nottingham, York,

Warwick, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

Mr. Salusbury prefencedto the House, according to Or- St. Market der, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the and St.jOiW* Poor, in rhe. Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Pavll, S* Evangelist, in the City of West mi ft I er; and for ciea fifing the Streets, and repairing, the Highways, wkhin the said Parishes: And the same was received; and read the Ffrft tirne.

Rejolyed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

!An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act jto Chandler's irVi power Richard Chandler Esquire,. and Elizabeth his* Name. Wife, and their Iftucyro t^Ice and use the Sprnamepf G& vendifhy was read the First tipae.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seconds rime .,

Ordered, That all hay/? Voices who come to the Com^- Taunton rhittee, to whom the I5i.lt for ^mending die iev.eral Roads, Roads, leading from the Tow$ cyf Tftunton, in the County of So-merjel, is commuted. '..." ,

Aningrofled Bill, for repaixing the Road from WaU Wantage,

in&ffir/J intKt* V r\nnMr nf.KWft fli mi in-K tV.iiif/i a fr\ 17si* — Uoadl

Ordered, That Leave bfc given co'brirtglri a Uncord,in the Qou'uy'ofttseftes',-^chrough Far- &c. Roadi.

the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts,' in the" rhigdon, in the said Coont.y,. -.v^a read the Third time.

Town and Port of Liverfoole, and Liberties thereof! ,itr; 'The. Amendments following were fcyerally proposed.

the County Palatine of 'Limeafter: And that Mr. Saluftmry, to be made to the Bill;

»Lan L 1V4U Cliianm-J, . rl/1 nwMMAi.*' rtnyl* k>' Pj* 1 O 4 T . O Q A ftp

VIZ.

the1. Lord DuppH^> ^nd Mt. Gift art, do prepare, and: bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baptist Levejon Gower reported . from the Committee, to whom efie Bill! for ^hlaVging the * Term* at^d Powers granted by Tvft> Acts of PaHikrtent, For repair- ‘ inland amending the Highways' between' the'Towp: or J

21. L. 28. After a payable,.-, cp insert " as."

' Pr. 42. L. f3‘.j. After. tic also/* to, in fort the.laid

Trulfees, OranyFive‘or more of thein?J ‘ And thelsaidArhendmbntswerexupo^ tl^eQUieftion feve-: rSfll^ put there upon, agreed1 cq by the ITou fe ;, A nd they BillJ was arbended at die Table accordingly.

...o,__________&_______&___/w __________ r ... . J&ejblvedy.That the Bijl‘'do|>afs: And triac the Tidp be.

Village o fTittenJory inti the most;Nbfthern pirt of 'Talk Alt Act for repairingfthe Rbads from Walling ford, in the.. on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in tli^* County of Stafford, Was County of Berks ', to Waftdj&l and from thence to Far~: committed. That the Committeehad;exfatmiied the Alle-. ‘ ringdoft; and' also from 'rrantags ty Tdjmy in the said, gations of the Bill, and^found the fahne'to be true and char County. . ' {». . .; ':

the Conrknittee1 had gone through the B’ill, and made fe- Ordered,' That Mr. Pownpyjfto carry the . Bill, to theq ver^l Amendments thereunto; which th^y had directed; Lords, and defife their ConQ^irrence. {

him-to^on to the Hbtrfer and he read the Repov’ in' .: , .; , ;i

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,.‘with he , OrAr^ ^Tliit Leave. Be given to bring in a Bill,; forspreventing

Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table: WHerctheAm 'id- thfe fee'Cteir presenting of the Horrid Crime of Murder yMurder. ments were once read throughout; and then a Second And that Sir William Tonge, and Sir.George Lyttelton, do tinie, one'by one; and, upon the Qftiefllon i severally put% prepare, and Bring in, the fam^,. ,;

thereupon, were agreed to by.fthe Hpufe.. ' . x nr " ’: ['d . .,f5, .*.

Ordered, That the Bill, 'With the Afadridmefitf, In- ’ ‘ Mr. Pfowfe, accordingt -Order, reported from the*pUmflimeat

grbfled.: " 1 ‘ *’ ’ ‘ - Committee of thk Whole House, to whom the B^l to give%f Felony.

Power

25 Geo. II. 10° — -iV Febr 427

Securing Black Lead Mines.

Accounts respecting Vagrants.

Power to change the Punishment of Felony, in certain Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Qualifying Cafes, and of certain other Offences, to Confinement whole Hbufe, to whom the Bill, to indemnify Persons, for Oificcs. and hard Labour in his Majesty’s Dock Yards,' was* who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and committed; the Amendments which the Committee had Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to rc- allowing further Time lor that Purpose, was committed, pore to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; be received Tomorrow Morning, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the A mend men ts,

in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Ordered, That Sir John Furrier have Leave to make a once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; Motion, it being near Five of the Clock: and, upon thr Qucllion icveially put thereupon, were And he moved the Hdufe accordingly.

agreed to t>y the House. And an ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,-An Miller's Nat.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Act for naturalizing John Matthias Miller, was read a Se- ,

ingrossed. cond time.

Reftlved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Far-An ingossed Bill, for the more effectual securing tier, Mr. Sydenbarh, Lord Barrington, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery, was read Gybbon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Neale, Lord Hil'sborohgh, Mr. the Third time. Wilkinson, Mr. FeHowes, Sir Rickard Lloyd, Sir Francis

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Brake, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Affleck, Sir Wm. Tenge, Mr.

An Act for the more effectual securing Mihes of Black Salusbury, Wf.Fhornhagh, Mr. Gray, 'Mr. Fownjhend\ Mr.

Lead from Theft and Robbery. Wiliaths, Mr. Morion, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry the Bill to the Fozakerley, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Grenville,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Kern. Fynte, Mr. Newn-

bam, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Page, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bayn-Ordered, That the Clerk of the Peace, Treasurer dr tun, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. DowdeJwell,

Treasurers, or other proper Officer or Officers, of every Mr. Walpole, Mr. Warburtcn, Mr. Fracy, Mr. Bold,

County, Riding, DiVifioh, and Liberty, in England arid Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore,

Wales, do, with all Convenient Speed, trarifmit to the Mr. Shelley, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Ker, Mr. IVebb, Mr Hale,

Clerk of this House, in order to be laid before this Hotife, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Coxe, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prohor, Mr.

An Account of the Amount of the total Sum yearly pkid Kent, Mr. Powney, Mr. Laroche, Sir Wm. Codritigton, Mr. in futh County, Riding, Divisioriy hr Liberty, for the Lyttelton, Mr. Pelham, Nit. Wilks, Colonel Acourl, Mr.

Charges of puffing Vagrants, from the Commencement Farrington, Mr. Richards, Lord Parker, Mp Carinichael: of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the RWgn df And they are to meet this; Afternoon active of the Clock, his piCferit Mpefty, intituled, An Act to amend, iand in the Speaker’s Chamber, make more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and difordeHy Persons, tfrtd td ' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Houses oFOorreftion. v Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Preventing Ordered, That Mr. Btitburjl So make the Report; Robberies, vhich was Ordered to be received {his Day, frond 'the *c Committee of the Whble House, to Wfodm the Bill, fot the

better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punching Per-; fans keeping diforderiy Houses, was committed.

Mr. Bathurst accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee' had made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the.

[ House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

Wards delivered die Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be xn-grofled..... .: ' i

Woollen Ordered, T hac there Jte laid before this House, a Copy* Trade. of a lyfemoyial of the :W«oT winders, draWn up by Desire

of and for, the Commissionersjof Thade and Plantations, iporabout the Yearly12. ' *

odter Orders of the Day being read; ,

PoorChildren Re/clvfd, That thifS House will,.upon Friday Morning scraployment. next, pefolve itself into;a.Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill fof the better Maintenance and Rmpioyment of poor Children, within, that Part of Great Britain caMed1 England. , :<{ ' .01 ? 3

‘ ‘ --T . ' ' 1 M>

Aliens Chil- Resolved, That this House Will, upost'Wednesddy M0Tn« dren. ing next, refolVe itself into a Committee of the whble House,upon the Bill to obviate Doubts rhAt may AViffi tijioh1 aq Act, made and passed in the Eleventh ^artd TW&fih] Yesurs of the Reign rofhis late King WrHihinWF

! Third, intituled, An Act xfi enablb his Majesty*s rtatu^l1-'

born Subjcifts, toi l rahehc "the bf their AnceflttW,

| cither, lineal or caHatOral^ ntxwithstandibg their Father or

MotherWep^ Alttnfc;: i*. >*

Y0L.26.

‘ Martin 11° die Febnearii;

Anno 250 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1752.

Prayers/ . > v , t i A

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker db issue his Warrant1 BoffineyWrit.

to the Clerk of.ithe GEOwn,i toTmake out > new*

Writ for rhe.Ekfting of a Burgds^o serve in this present Parliament^ for the Boroogh^of Boffiney\ in the County of Cornwall, in iht worn of Richard Heath Esquifc, de^ cealed., . .: ’ j

*. - Ik { . 1

A PeTtiot) of the Gentlemen, C lergv, and Morpeth, Ac,

of the Coudty of Northumberland,: wrtofe Nare there- Road* unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Teafdt alleging, that the Petitioners, apprehend the BUli no'w^ depending in the House, for repairing* the Road liadih^ from Long Horseley Bar, or Gate, on the Post Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley,' Wel*> dofa Bridger* and Whiitingham, to {he ttivefj Biredmish, irf the County of Northumberland, should the fanhe pass into Law, would be attended with great IntconVeoiency, unless the Bill should extend to repair {he';ftid Road tq Piercy’s Cross, in the said County of Northumberland, beiftgj about One Mile and ’an HalF further; Ahd therefore praying the House to give Leave, Tha^ Pioviftoh tnay be madq in the said Bill, that the said-Roftd to Piertys Gross aforesaid niiay be repaired.

Ordered, That thii said Petition be referred to the Con-> ndeVation of i Cortfmittee: And that they :dc) examine die M^p:er thereof; ahd, report the fame, as it shall appear^ to thCrp', to°rhie' Hotife. r

And it is referred to Mr. Allgood, l^Jr. Borne, Mf.

Gtioke, Mr. Kent, IV?r. Prowse, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wily kmftm, ;Mr. Page, Lord Strange, Mr. BodvtUe, Mr. Ori

Mr. Tbrke, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Cust, Mr,

Burrell\ Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, %ir.

Wm. CaFuert, Mr. tVilfon, MW 'Powney, Sir John Bar-1 o rington.

Liverpool© Small Debts.

Tower Hamlets small Debts.

Greenwich

Hospital.

428 r ie Februarh. A. 1751.

rington, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Lyfttr, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Pop bam, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Willy, Mr. Pytts, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. ifaroH, Mr. Montagu, Mr. W'tlles, Mr. Ctf/'fy, Sir Cotton, Mr. Cone, Mr. Walpole>

Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gw, Lord Parker, Mr. Saunders, Colonel Leighton j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Westmorland, Cumberland, Lancaster, York, Durham, and North Britain: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardtnge be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Town and Port of Liverpool, and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Tower Hamlets, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Lord Strange, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. B. Pro ft or, Mr. Pomiey, Mr. Page, Lord ln-chequin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lanex Mr. Southwell, Sir John Cust, Mr. Robin/on, Mr. Wil/es, Mr. Garth, Mr. Sydenham, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Locke, Sir Dan. Osborn, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Hay, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Pazakerley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Potter, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Hill, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gray, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Willy, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Coxe, Mr. Shelley, Mr. LafceUes, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Bold1 and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Surry, Kent, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a Bill now depending in the House, it is intended to enable the Petitioners to purchase a House, and certain Parcels of Ground, for the finishing and completing of the said Royal Hospital; and that the Petitioners, in order to finish and complete the said Royal Hospital, may have occasion to purchase other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; but that the Owners or Proprietors thereof, though willing, may not be able to enter into proper and effectual Conveyances for that Purpose, by reason of Infancy, or other Incapacities or Disabilities: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to enable the Petitioners to purchase such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be thought necessary by the Petitioners to be purchased, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, and to enable Persons who may be willing to contract for the Sale of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to convey the same to the Petitioners, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill, to render all Contracts and Agreements, which shall be made by the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of a House, and certain Parcels of Land, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instru#ion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for enabling the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital, to purchase other Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, than are particularly de-cribed in the said Bill, and for enabling Persons who may

be willing to contract with them for the Sale of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to convey the same to the said Commissioners, or Governors, for the Purposes in the said Bill mentioned.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Beverley, in and for the East Riding of the County of York, on the 14th Day of January 1752, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Growers of Wool, within the said East Riding, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Petitions of several Persons, in the Towns and Parishes of Leeds and Haltifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and other Places, have been presented to the House; complaining of Abuses pra#ifed in the Marking or Branding of Sheep, and in tnc Winding of Wool; and alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend, if such further Law should be made, in the manner prayed by the said Petitions, the same may be highly prejudicial to the Growers of Wool, and a great Discouragement to Persons keeping Sheep; for that if every Grower of Wool may be punished for his Servants small Omission in winding, or other Negle# complained of (though not wilfully done) and thereby incur a Penalty, and be in the Power of every vexatious Person to sue for the same, in one of the Courts at Law, whereby it may cost the Grower 40^. or 50/. which may be a means greatly to impoverish, if not entirely ruin, such Grower, it will thereby deter Growers from felling their Wool; and that if the Growers be distressed, by Profc-cutions at Law, they will not be able to pay their Rents; and the Landlords will suffer, and the Manufacturers like-wife; and that many Sheep will have very fine Wool upon the Shoulders, and Fore Parts of the Body, and the other Parts of the Body, and the Hind Quarters, will be very coarse, and little less, than what by some is called Cots j and cannot be separated from the Fleece, without breaking thereof; and yet by some Persons might be deemed Part of the Offences complained of; and that few of the Growers know howto distinguish the same; but that the Staplers, when they get the Wool from the Growers,usually divide every Fleece into Seven or Eight Sorts, or more, before they deliver it to the Manufacturer; and if any Manufacturer complains, it is generally charged on the Grower, though unjustly; and that sworn Wool-winders have never been appointed in the said Riding; and if any such should be, the same would be attended with great Charge and Inconvenience to the Growers; for that it frequently; happens, that some Thousands of Sheep, in the said Ride-ing, are dipt upon one and the same Day, and some at 20 or 30 Miles Distance; and a Hundred sworn Wool-winders could not possibly fee to the Winding of all the Wool in the said Riding; and that all Wool-growers are obliged to mark their Sheep, to distinguish one Man’s Property from another; because, in the said East Riding,1 there arc many large Sheep Walks, which lie open and contiguous one to another; and the Flocks of Sheep there are frequently straying and intermixing; and there are likewise many large Commons in the said Riding, which are (locked with Sheep of fiindry and divers Persons, in each Common, particularly a large Common, called Wallington, and Bishop Soil, extending in Length about Ten Miles, whereon the Inhabitants of Forty-eight Towns have Right of Common for Sheep, and whereon several Thousand Sheep are depastured and fed every Year; and that it isusual for those People, who have Right of Common there, to buy Sheep from other Places, at the Spring Time of the Year, to flock, departure, and feed on the said Common; and that the said Sheep have usually the Seller’s Mark upon them; and the Buyers are obliged to mark them with their own respective Marie, besides the Mark of the Seller, which they have on them when they so bought them, before they put them on the said Common, or ocher wife they could not know and challenge thqpi from others; and that without such marking, there would^ great Difpuces arise, and perhaps several Law-fuitsbe commenced; and that the Marking of Sheep with Pitch

Vo IF* lr d

Opening L an carter Port for lnih Wool, Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto;

25 Geo. II.

and Tar (which is the only tailing and {landing Mark that can be used) cannot greatly increase the Weight of the Wool; for Seven Pounds of Pitch and Tar, well mixed, will Sufficiently mark 70 or 80 Sheep, or more; which, by the Sheep's rubbing, the Washing, and the Weather, will, before the Sheering thereof, be reduced to so many Ounces; and that the said Tar Mark is bell taken out of the Wool after the same is dipt; and rs eafriy discharged by Sope, and other Ways, by the Manufacturers, but cannot be discharged by the Grower without breaking the Fleece; and that the Growers of Wool allow to the Buyer a Quarrer of a Pound in every Stone of Wool, for Waste, by marking; and that the English Woollen Manufactory has not loft its Credit abroad, from any Act of the Grower of W ool, but chiefly from the Merchants, who beat down the Manufacturers so much in their Prices, that they are forced to make their Commodities (lighter and worfethan they are made abroad; so that the Manufacturers can scarce make a Living thereof, and the Merchants get great Estates thereby; and that the Greasing of Sheep at proper Seasons of the Year is found, by Experience, in that Country, to preserve the Sheep, and increase the Wool: And therefore praying. That the Laws for branding and marking of Sheep, and the Winding of Wool, may (land as they now are, and unaltered; but if it shall be thought expedient for a new Lav* to be made, for inflicting or in-creating Pains and Penalties, that the same may extend to such Persons only as wilfully offend, with inrent to increase the Weight, or otherwise deceive the Buyer; and that all Complaints may be heard and determined in a summary Way; and that the Growers of Wool may not be distressed and ruined by vexatious Suits at Law, which may be attended with a great Discouragement to the Growers of W ool, if not to the greatly impoverishing or ruining of them; or that they may be protested, or otherwise relieved, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Colne and Burnley, the Forest of Bendle, and Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, 2nd Aldermen, Bur&efles, Traders, Manufacturers of Wool, and Woollen Goods, Inhabitants, and others, of the Town of Kirkby, in Ketida/, in the County of Westmorland: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, Manufacturers of Broad Cloths and Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West hiding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And ai(o,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Kigbley, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Tontr;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Merchants, Traders, and others, of the Town and Port of Lancaster, has been presented to the House, for liberty to import Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, to the said Port; and alleging. That the Opening of the said Port, for the Importation of Irish Wool and Woollen Yarn, will be of great Advantage to the Woollen Manufacture, in the several Parts of the Country mentioned in the said several Petitions respectively: And therefore severally praying, That the said Port may be opened for that Purpose.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town and Port of Lancaster, in ihe County Palatine of Lancaster (which was preferred to the House upon the 16th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to open the Port of Lancaster, for the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland: And that Mr. Reynolds,

VOL. 26.

429

the Lord Strange, Mr. Bold, Mr. tVilfon, Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Fazdkerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Opening open the Port of Great Yarmouth, for the Importation of Yarmouth Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland: And that Mr. jr^ Wool. Horatio Walpole senior, Mr. Charles \Townshend, the Lord Dupplin, and Mr. Bacon* do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to thfc Marlborough Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir John Hynde Cotton Baronet, deceased;

Colonel Haldane presented to the House, according to Edinburgh, Order, a Bill for repairing the Post Road from the City &c* of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boat House Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling, and also from Falkirk to Kelfytb, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Post Road, to the City of Glasgow: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sergifon presented to the House, according to Or- Lewes der, a Bill for repairing the Road from the North End of Road. Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, to Uckfield, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate, and from Off ham, otherwise Wcgham, to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parish of Fkiching, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkington be added to the Leeds, by Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from Harrowgate, Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-weft Corner of the &Ct I nclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Borcughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water-course, on Hutton Moor, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable John Cave, now called Cave’* John Browne, and his Issue, to take and use thd Surname Name* of Browne, was read the T hird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable John Cave, now called John Browne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Browne.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several principal Inhabitants, and other Tower Householders, residing in the several Parishes within the Hamlets Tower Hamlets, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of Sma the Inhabitants of the said District, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Bill depending in the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Tower Hamlets,

should the same pass into a Law, as it now (lands, would, as the Petitioners apprehend, subject them to many Incon-vcniencies and Hardships, particularly by bringing an unnecessary Charge upon the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants, by increasing the Fees now payable to the present Clerks of the Court of Requests for the said Hamlets; which, as they come principally out of the Pockets of the most mean and Indigent, who are more numerous within the said District than any other Parts of the Bills of Mortality, will, in all probability, make many, who havf-large Families, become chargeable to the Parishes to which they belong; and, as the Petitioners doubt not but to prQye, to the Satisfaction of the House, that the whole Duty and £ R Business

i 10 FehruariL

450

11° Februa

A 17

752j

Woollen

Trade.

Business incumbent on the Clerks could, with great Convenience and Facility, be performed by Two Persons of common Assiduity and Industry, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, they shall not be subjeded to an additional Burthen, merely for the Support of unnecefi'ary Officers of the said Court: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have Leave to be heard by their Cotinfel against the said Bill; or may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meec

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fir, be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Troughton, Clerk to the Company of Woolwinders, do lay before this House a Copy of a Memorial, drawn for the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, in Or about the Year 17T2.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Trough ton do lay before this House, a certain Book of Ordinances, as allowed and approved by Sir Christopher Hatton, Lord Chancellor of England, and the Two Chief Justices at that Time.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Lid Report be printed, as shall be sufficienc fur the Ule of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, laid before the said Committee, from the Custom-house, be brought before this House To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lav before this House, an Account of the Number of Beaver Skins imported into, and exported from, rhat Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1750, to Christmas 1751, with the Duty paid thereupon, and the Drawback allowed for the same 5 distinguishing the Places to and from which the same were impoited and exported.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve icfclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Qualifying for Offices.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time li-tinted by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qo^ftion fe-veraliy put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to (Jne of them,1 agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irr-grossed.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to Order, WcfWnffer a Bill for the purchasing or hiring a convenient Piece of CourtHouL Ground within the City of Westminder, and for creeling and fitting up a proper Courr House for the Ule of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the fai l City, and the Liberty thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing the Road leading from SeendRoad. the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seendy in the County of Wilis, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence by Read Church, to Beckinglon, in the County of Some Jet, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Constables The House was moWd, Th^t an Act, made in the 3d Charges. Year of the Reign of King James the F'irft, intituled, An Act for the Rating and Levying of the Charges for conveying Malefadors and Offenders to the Gaol, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Charges of conveying Offenders to Gaol: And that Mr. Hay, Mr. Povlney, and Sir Richard Uoyd, do prepare, and bnng in, the fame.

Hat Manu- Mr. Alexander Hume reported from the Committee, to fcfture. whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Contly Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, in Great Britain; and rilfo the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in and near the Cicv of Chester, whdfc Names ure* thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain; and a!so the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made 6f Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are ’thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest Of the said Trade it1 'Great Britain; were severally referred; Tbdt the Committee had examined the Matter/of Fad contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his

- . 6 T

Pr. 3. Road." Pr. 10. Pr. 23.

L. 1. To leave out " Ad," and

L.

L.

L.

L.

i9.

10

29.

16.

To leave out <c said." To leave out " only." To leave out " only." After " Toll - houses,"

to in fere

Pr. 50.

" which."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Motile: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called H'hite Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence by Road Church, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jane Magdalen Robelon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Robefor/i

Nat.

A Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads leading Chipp-nhim, from Chippenham, in the Counry of Milts, 10 chc Top Sec. of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Chip -periham a fore laid, to the Fop of Sodbury Hilly in the-Lid 'County of Gloucester,.was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ro Sir Wm.Cod~ rington. Sir Robert Lcugy Mr. Pozvney, Mr. L eve fen (Gower. Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Wrottejlsy, Mr. Newn~

'bam, Lord Barrington, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Vernony Mr. >Pra-:Je, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyier, Mr,

I Southwell,

Googh

25 Geo. li. i6 — 12°

Southwell, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. W'dlpU, M.r. Towi field, Lord Duppln, Mr. Fazokerlty, Lord Strange, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Kent, Sir John Cujh Mr. Affleck, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Fetlowes, Sir Francis Boole, Mr. Kyncftcn, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. IriWams, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gere, Mr. Mofiyn, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Aificbie, Mr. 7/^/7-kinfon, Mr. Compton, Sir #». Fongt, Mr. Bury, Mr. 7horn ton, Mr. Burrell\ Mr. Belcbier, Mr. IVebb, Mr. 6jy-denhatn, Mr. Lodgk'ujcn, Mr. Lytllelon, Mr. Nor they. Sir Jfliw Peachy, Mr. Pye, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Sandys, Sir Pennington, Colonel A court, Mr. Tracy, Sir Charles Mcrdaunt, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Barry, Mr. Zfc/7, Colonel Leighton> Mr. Pinmy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloitccfier, and Sornerjd: And they are to meet this Afternoon at FiVe of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shrewsbury A Bill for repairing the High Road from the Town of Road^0rtil ShrewjTwry, through Cressage, Ha ley. Much Wenlcck, by Muck ley Crcfs, and through Morvill, to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyfier, Lord Barrington, Sir f/'w. Codrington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard . Wrottcjley, M r. Levejou Gower, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Williams, Mr, Hampden, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hay, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Gray, Sir Cujt, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Provje, Mr Bayntun, Mr. Willy 9 Mr. Barber, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bold, Colonel /uourt, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Palmer, Colonel Lytllelon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cocke, Mr. P'tnney, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Hill, Mr. Powney, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Colleton, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Harley, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Thomas Mofiyn, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Williams, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Fellowes, Admiral Vernon; and all the Members- who serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, Worcester, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mcr cur it) i"2° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; A BI L L for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Sinking Jh\. Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sink-Fund. jpg Fund; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, therein also to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1752,.was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

'Woollen The House being informed, That Mr. Troughton, Trad?. Clerk to the Company of Wool-winders, attended at the Door;

Be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanc to their Orders,

A Book, Part of which is intituled, <c Ordinances al-<l lowed and confirmed rothe Company of Woolmen of c‘ the City of London, by the Right Honourable the " Lord Chancellor of England, and the Two Chief <c Justices of either Bench, in the Year of our Lord " God, according to the Course and Computation of the " Church of England, One thousand Five hundred Fourscore and SevenAnd also,

' Vol. 26.

Februarii. 431

A Paper, intituled, u The Proposals of the Woolmens Gpmpany."

And then he withdrew.

And the laid Tides of the said Book and Paper were tead.

Mr. Troughton was again called iii; and examined in relation to the said Book and Paper.

And then he again withdrew.

And the House being informed, That one Mr. Colemati attended at the Door; who could give the House some Information concerning the said Paper;

He was called in; and examined in relation to the said Paper.

Ahd then he withdrew.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order; a Bill for giving a proper Reward to Coroners for the due Execution of their Office: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa do lay before this House, Copy of the Establishment of the several Factories of Cape Coafi Castle, and James Fort, in the River Gambia.

Mr. Reynolds presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to open the Port of Lancaster, for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Gonfideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Peri lion of several Persons, whose Names ar,e thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, Ciothiers, Makers and Manufacturers of Worsted Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Callimancoes, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftapiers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and also the several other Petitions relating to the Marking of Sheap and Winding of Wool; were referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con-fideracion of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cpnfider of the said Report.

The other Order of the Day being read; ,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

Ordered, That the Lord Hobart be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to open the Port of Great Farmouth, for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock-

Office of Coroner:

African

Company.

Opening Lancaster Port for Irish Wool.

Woollen T radc.

Aliens

Children.-

Opening Yarmouth Port for Irish Wool.

432 i2° — 13d 1752*

Narboroogh

inclosure.

JoviS) 130 Februarii;

Anno 25* Georgii II"1 Regis, 175a. Prayers.

MR. Glanville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and common Meadows of Narborow, other wise Narborough, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except John Smith, William Knight, Margaret Holmes, and Thomas Bent, who are possessed of Two Yard Lands and One Half of a Yard Land; and that the said Common contains, in the whole, Thirty Yard Lands and One-eighth Part of a Yard Land; and that the Contents of the Bill had been communicated to the said Persons, who had refused to subscribe their Consent; but did not make any particular Objections to the intended inclosure; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Horatio Watpole senior presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to open the Port of Great Tat mouthy for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Oxenjord, from Beaver Skins the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; unpoited,&c. pjc was ca]jecj jn . anc|f at the gar> presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Number of Beaver Skins imported into, and exported from, London, from Christmas 1750. to Christmas 1751, with the Duty paid thereupon, and the Drawback allowed for the fame; distinguishing the Places to and from which the same were imported and exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Opening Yarmouth Port for Irish Wool.

Account of

Morpeth, Mr. Allgood reported from the Committee, to whom &c* Road. tj|C Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Northumberland, whqfe Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Dixon, being examined, said, That, in order to make the said Act of general Convenience, it will be necessary to extend the Turnpike Road to Pierc/s CroJ's, which is about a Mile and a Half further than what is mentioned in the former Petition; which Evidence was confirmed by,

Mr. Richard Bland; who added, That the Road from Breamish River to Piercy's Cross is very bad, and the Waters frequently out at Breamish River, so as to render the Road impassable.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to

whom the Bill for Repairing the Road leading from Long Horjeley Barov Gate, on the Poll Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horjeley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittinyham, to the River Breamish, in the County of Northumberland, is committed, That they have Power to make Frovision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from the said River Breamish to Piercy's Crcjs, in the said County.

A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn Cora Bounty, from the City of Norwich, by Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the several Provisions in an Act, made in the Firli Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in arr Act, made

in the 12th and ijch Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the Duty on Malt, and in the several Malt Acts since, relating to the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Male and Corn; and alleging, That the Petitioners have, in and since the Month of October 1750, at divers times, bought, and exported from the Port of Norwich aforesaid, great Quantities of Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Malt; and that the Petitioners, in shipping and exporting the fame, have strictly observed the Directions and Intentions of the said ykfts; but that the Petitioners have not been able to obtain any Part of the Bounty due to them for the said Corn and Malt, the Receiver General of the Customs alleging.

That he had not, nor has, any Money in his Hands chargeable with the Payment of the said Bounty-money sufficient to pay the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and make fjch Provision for the Payment of the said Bounty money, and also for the better and more effectual Payment of such . as hereafter shall become due by virtue of the said Acts, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Performance night, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, of Quaraa-to consider of the most proper and effectual Manner of tine* performing Quarantine.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Forjler do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Goatly do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Watley do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That John Goodwin, Matter Attendant of his Majesty’s Dock at Deptjord, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That John Pownol, Assistant to the Matter Shipwright at Deptford,dothtn attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Memorial from the Commissioners of the Customs to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, dated September 27, 1743, and proposing the Building of Lazaretts, &c. for the Airing of Goods then under Quarantine in Standgate Creek.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Mountagu* and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wrotham for repairing the Road leading from The Royal Oak, on Heath, &c Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wroth am. in the County ^each of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Edinburg! for enlarging the Term granted by Two several Acts, of Two Pem the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, Sccts* for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Tint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for disconcintiing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there, without any Amendment: And also.

The

Crowland

Manor.

Fremeaux's

Nat.

Mackinzie’s

Estate,

Ditto.

Poll Chaise Rates,

Punishment of Felony,

2 5 Geo. II. 130 — 140 Februarii. 433

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manor the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, to Trustees, in

Trull, for Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, and his Heirs, The Orders of the Day being read;

upon a lull and valuable Consideration to be paid for the Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- South Sea

fame, without any Amendment: And also, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Directors.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of DU for naturalizing James Fremeaux Merchant, without any rectors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company Amendment: And also, of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of Sir George Mackenzie Fishery, and for regulating the Election of the Governors Knight, deceased, lying in that Part of Great Britain and Directors of the said Company, called Scotland, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Ulcs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of Sir George Mac-kinzie Knight, deceased, lying in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for purchasing other Eliates to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for reducing and ascertaining the Rates for travelling in hired Port Chaises was read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Ttllers for d* Ytas, J } 7 9-

Tc,tofor.hcNo.s,{|£ j 4*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bdl be committed to afcleft Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, ] 46

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And the Bill was Hill, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. committed to Colonel Haldane, Lord Strange, Mr. Ky~ Townshend, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. White, Mr. Vyner, Mr* najion, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Webb, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Rent, Sir Mundy, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Mac- John Turner, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Southwell, kenzie, Mr. Robinfcn, Mr. Willes, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sy- Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Turner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clevland, Mr. denham, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Scott, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Delme. Mr#

Leslie, Mr. Ker, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Gray, Sloper, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Townshend, Lord Ho- Colleton, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Wation, lart, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Lord Downe, Sir Charles Mor- Mr. Cooke, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Lambe, Lord Barrington, daunt, Mr. Talbot, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Nicholas Bay ley,

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Dcwdef- Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Nugent, Lord Frederick well, Mr. Fletcher, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Belchier, Cavendish, Mr. Brijlow, Mr. Thornton, Mt. Jeffreys, Sir Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Butler, Mr. Richards, Mr. Montagu, Thomas Hales, Mr. George Bofcawen, Mr. ytfiw ifo/1 Mr. AW*, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hay, Mr. Corfo, Sir cawen, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Harvey, Sir

Turner, Sir John Cit/l, Mr. Powney, Mr. Burrell, Mr. G*rg<? Oxenden, Mr. Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Powney,

Martin, Mr. Oswald, Lord Parker, Lord Harley, Mr. Mr. Murray, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Lane, Sir Roger Newdi-Mackay, Sir Carnegie, Sir Henry Munro, Mr. Gcjbry, gate, Mr. AW, Sir P*/*r Warren, Sir RuJhout, Mr.

Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Wilkinjon, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Shelley, Saunders, Mr. Willes, Mr. War burton, Mr. Allgood,

Mr Prow/e: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Mr. Compton, Mr. Laroche, Colonel Acourt, Mr Shut le-Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all Mr. Beckford, Sir Lionel Pilkington; and all the

who come to the Committee are to have Voices: And the Members who serve for the Counties of ifarfo, AW/&-Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and ampton, Leicester, Oxford, and Warwick: And they are Records. to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to give Power to change the Punishment of Felony in certain Cafes, and of certain other Of- A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- surry Road». fences, to Confinement and hard Labour in his Majesty’s unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Truf-Dock Yards, was read the Third time. tees for putting in Execution several Acts for amending

.Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, the Roads from the City of London to the Town of An Act to give Power to change the Punishment of Fe- East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns lony in certain Cales, to Confinement and hard Labour in of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry, and of his Majesty’s Dock Yards. the Trustees for amending the cross Roads leading from

Vol. 26. 5s Westminster

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Aliens' ChiK night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, dren* upon the Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisy 140 die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

MR. Hay presented to the House, according to Or- Constable* der, a Bill for the better securing to Constables, Charges, and others, the Charges of carrying Offenders to Gaol:

And the same was received; and read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Drayton common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Inclosure* and wade Ground, in the Hamlet of Drayton, within the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

African

Company.

434 140 Februarii.

Westminster Ferry, in the Parish of Lambeth, to New Croft, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented from several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Counties of Surry and Kent, and of the City of Westminster, relating to a Turnpike which has been erected upon the Road leading from Newington to Camberwell, in the County of Surry; and setting forth, That the Road from Newington to Camberwell, in the County of Surry, and from thence to Peckham Lane End, leading to New Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Camberwell Green, to the Fox under the Hill, in the Road leading to Dulwich, in the County of Surry, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually amended and widened by the Laws in being; and that some Doubts have arisen with regard to the Allowance directed to be made, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, from the Trustees for the Repair of the Roads leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the County of Surry, to East Greenwich and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, to the Trustees for the said Cross Road; And therefore praying. That, in case the House shall think proper to order in a Bill upon the said last mentioned Petition, a Clause or Clauses may be inserted therein, impowering the Trustees of the Sussex and Surry Trust to erect a Turnpike on some Part of the Road leading from Newington to Camberwell, upon their making such further Allowance to the Trustees of the said Cross Roads, as shall be thought reasonable; and that such further Provision may be made therein for the more effectual repairing and widening the said Road, as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Counties of Surry and Kent, and of the City of Westminster (which was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Hardinge, General Han-dajyde, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Finch, Mr. 'turner, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. thorn-hagh, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Cust, Mr. townshend, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Slower, Mr. Windham Ashe, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Pelham, Nlr.Hoblyn, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Sandys, Lord Dublin, Mr. Hen. Pelham, Lord Downe, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hill, Mr. Prowje, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bathuft, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Charles townshend, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Ker, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. tbornton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Popham, Mr. Coxe, Mr. LaJ-celles, Mr. thomas Hill, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Alyddelton, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. DowdeJ-well; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Slurry, Sussex, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That Mr. HoUier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copy of such Part of the Establishments of the several Factories of Cape Coast

Castle and James Fort, in the River Gambia, as the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa can furnish, and their Reasons for their being incomplete.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for giving a proper Reward to Coroners for the Office of due Execution of their Office, was read a Second time. C'oroner’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Powney, Mr. Belchier, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Warburton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay, Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Richards, Mr. townshend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sergifon,

Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir thomas Hales, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Salusbury, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gore, Mr. tray, Mr.

Potter, Mr. Page, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Shuttle worth, Lord Burleigh, Mr. tbornton, Mr. Williams,

Mr. Bejl, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Hodgskinfon, Mr.

Cayley, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hill, Mr. Morton, Mr. Martin>

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Vaughan, General Handafyde, Mr. Northey, Sir Lud. Grant; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Tittei granted by Two Acts of Parliament for repairing and Road-amending the Highways between the Town or Village of tittenfor and the most northern Part of talk on the Hill> in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of tittenfor and the most northern Part of talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Baptid Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Salusbury presented to the House, according to Or- Liv der, a Bill for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Sm Small Debts in the Town and Port of Liverpoole, and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to open the Port of Lancaster for the Importation Oj of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Thac the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Ale- / mouth to the Town of Alnwick, and by Lemington Coal I Houses, and along Edlingham Dikes, to the Town of Rotbbury, and from thence to Coldrtffe, and, by Eweftey Gate, to Cambo and Wallington, and, by Kirkharle and Little Bavington, to Colwell, Ch oiler ton, and Wall, to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rotbbury, to Jockey s Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Wm. Middleton^ Lord Dupplin, Sir 1 Walter


Poor

Children

Employment.

Ways and Means.

St. Margaret and St John's Paving.

Ridley *J Inclosuie.

2 5 Geo. II. 14 9 Februarii.435

Walter Blacket, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Lyjlery Mr* Gybbon, Mr. Hymers, and John Hymers, who refilled to sign the said Kynaston, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Locke, Mr. Articles, and whose Property in the said Waste and Com-Hardinge, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hay, Mr. mons is about a Sixth Part of the Whole; and that the Prowse, Mr. Gray, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. said Persons had been apprized of the Application to the Hoblyn, Mr. Townshend, Sir Turner, Mr. Gore, House to confirm the laid Articles; but that no Person

Sir C#/?, Mr. Fcnereau, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Belchier, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Rill; and Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Mr. Colleton, Mr. that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Lambe, Mr. Mr. Or</, Mr. Robert Ord, Mr. several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

Thornton, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barne, him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Mr. Yoke, Mr. Compton, Mr Thornbagh, Sir Lionel Pil- his Place; and afrerwards delivered the Bill, with the kington, Mr. Powney, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Ker, Mr. Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amend-Shuttleworth, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Watson, Sir Charles ments were once read throughout; and then a Second Kemys Tynte, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put Warburton, Mr. Mundy, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Rich- thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ards, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Conyers Ordered', That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-D’Arcy, Lord Barrington, Sir John Barrington, Mr. grossed.

Kent, Mr. Scot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Peachey;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nor- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu, and Mr. thumberland\ Cumberland\ Westmorland, Lane after, York, Lane:

Durham, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Mr. Speaker,

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Mercers

rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Company* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Act: for explaining and amending an Act, paffd in the the Bill for the better Maintenance and Employment of Twenty-first Year of his present Majesty (intituled, An poor Children within that Part of Great Britain called Act: for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and England, be now read. Commonalty of the Mvftery of Mercers in the City of

And the said Order being read accordingly; London) and for other Purposes therein mentioned, with-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning out any Amendment: And also,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Greenwich upon the said Bill. enable the P^rifhioners of the Parish of East Greenwich, Burial Vault*.

in the County of Kent, to deposit Corps in the Vaults or Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to afeer-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame, without any fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Amendment: And alib,

granted to his Majesty, be now read. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act cirencester.

And the said Order being read accordingly; for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to &c. Roads.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. which leads to Dudb.idge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bifley, so far as the Bottom of A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Gulpb H$tl\ all in the Counry of Gloucester; without any Poor in the Parishes of St. Margaret, and St. John the Amendment: And also,

Evangelist, in the City of Westminster; and for cleansing The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Southcote’i the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said impower the Committee or Committees of Thomas South- -Leafing. Parishes; was read a Second time. cote Esquire, a Lunatick, for the Time being, to make

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Salufbury, Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates, in the Coun-Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Mundy, Mr, tics of Betks, Essex, and Surrey, and for other Purposes Prowse, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Archer, Sir John therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Con-Cust, Mr. Hill, Mr. Compton, Mr. Poore, Mr. Kynaston, currence of this House: And also,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr Sydenham, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Hal- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for GirardotY pole, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Tracy, naturalizing Andrew Girardot: To which the Lords desire Nat. Mr. Townfhertd, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. die Concurrence of this House.

Allgood, Mr. Whitworth, L.ord Trentham, Mr. Dowdef- And then the Messengers withdrew. well. Lord Parker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Sioper, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Hay, Mr. Pow- A Motion being made that Leave be given to bring in Admission ney, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Beckford, Sir Wm. a Bill to obviate Doubts that have arisen with regard to of Vassals in Yonge, Sir James Lcwther, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Fellowes, the Admission of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, Scodan - Mr. Gray, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Bar- and Payment of their Rents and Duties; rington, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Turner, Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Scott, Mr. Ker, Mr. Talbot, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty,

Phillipson, Mr. Yorke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Selwyn, Sir having been informed of the Subject: Matter of this Mo-John Turner, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Francis Dafhwood, tion, recommends it to the Confederation of the House.

Sir James Dafhwood, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bankes, Sir Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill toob-Walter Blacket; and all the Members who serve for the viate Doubts that have arisen with regard to the Admission County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this After- of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, and the Pay-noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: ment of their Rents and Duties: And that the Lord Ad-

vocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chan-Sir Walter Blacket reported from the Committee, to cellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Sollicitor General, do whom the Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and prepare and bring in, the fame, an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and

Commons, in the Manor of Ridley, in the County of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- v/oollea Northumberland, was committed, That the Committee solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-Trade, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Pe-fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given ticion of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto fub-their Con fern to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- scribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Mcr-mittee; except John Ridley, Edward Ridley, William chants, Wool-ftaplers, Clothiers, Makers and Marni-Vol. 26. fasturers

fcaltafoWater

Customs.

435

fadurers of Worded Yarn, Broad Cloth, Camblets, Cal-limancors, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, in the Town anc Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Wool-ftaplers, and others, Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen Goods, in the Town and Parish of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the several other Petitions relating to the Marking of Sheep and Winding of Wool; were referred;

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Marking and Branding of Sheep, or Winding of Wool, and which were not referred to the said Committee, but were ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Book, Part of which is intituled, (( Ordinances allowed and confirmed to the Company of <c Wool-men of the City of London, by the Right Honourable the Lord Chancellor of England, and the c< Two Chief Justices of either Bench, in the Year, of u our Lord God, according to the Course and Comp'uta-<c tion of the Church of England, One thousand Five <c hundred Fourscore and Seven/’ be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, C€ The Proposals of the Wool-mens Company," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Downe took the Chair of the Committee!

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun<Z) 170 die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

A PET ITION of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Dunbeved, otherwise Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, in behalf of them (elves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Borough is an ancient Borough, and incorporated by several Letters Patents from his present Majesty’s royal Predecessors; viz. Richard the Second, Henry the Fourth, Henry the Fifth, Edward the Fourth, Henry the Seventh, Henry the Eighth, and Philip and Mary: by which Letters Patents several Immunities and Privileges are granted to the said Borough; particularly, that the Free Burgesses thereof shall be free of all Custom, Quayage, Pontage, and so forth, throughout his Majesty’s Dominions; and that the said Borough, in consideration thereof, pays annually a large Fee-farm Rent to the Crown, or those claiming under it 5 and that the said Borough is possessfed of Two Markets weekly, in which great Quantities of Corn and other Grain are fold, and from thence conveyed to the River Yhamar for Exportation; and that the Inhabitants of the said Borough are supplied by Means of the same River with all Sorts of Merchandizes, it being navigable within Twelve Miles of the said Borough; and taking Notice, That a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, of the Borough of Saltash, has been presented to this House, for an Impost or Duty of Two Pence per Ton to be laid on all Goods loaded and unloaded in the River Yhamar; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case the same be carried into a Law, it will not only deprive the Petitioners of their Right as Free Burgesses of their said Borough, but also clog the Freedom of Commerce in general, and be an inexpressible Injury to the Petitioners and the neighbouring Inhabitants: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their ConGderation, and give the Petitioners l'uch Relief as the House shall think proper.

A. 1752.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, of the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House was moved, That Part of the Report from Tinhead I the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widen- See. Roading the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset-, and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington, in the same County; was committed (which Reporc was received upon Yuejday the 21st Day of January last) together with the Entries of the Proceedings of the House upon the said Report, and also upon the Third Reading and passing of the said Bill; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from the South-East End of the Hedge on the Top of Yinhead Hill, in the Parish of Edington, in the County of 'Wilts through Yinhead, and from thence, by Raydown, through Steeple Ashton, and over Steeple Ashton Common, to a Place called Yhe Round Stone, in Yrowbridge, in che said County of IVilts-, and also from a Place called Flinty Nap, in the Parish of Coulfton, to the Entrance of Western Down, in the said Parish of Edington, and from a House, now in the Occupation of Robert Qodby, ficuate in a Lane called Yrowlebridge Lane, in the said Parish of Yrowbridge, through Westwood, to Midford, in the County of Somerset; and also from Freshford, in the skid County of Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Wilts, and, through the fame, to the Foot of Combe.

Hill, leading to the City of Bath 5 is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the Payment of a Sum of Money, towards repairing the Road between the Place where the Yrowbridge and Warminster Roads join at Midford, and the separating of the Bath Road and the Bristol Road,agreeable to a Clause for that Purpose in an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the.

Town of Warminjle', in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from che Town of Frome, in the said County, to the Town of Beckington, in the same County; and for repairing the Road from Heytesbury to Anflrow Hill, in the County of Wilts.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act soui to impower the Committee or Committees of Ybomas L< Scuthcote Esquire, a Lunatick, for the Time being, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates in the Counties of Berks, Essex, and Surry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Exporters of Corn, from ( the Port cf Colchester, in tfec County of Essex, whose B-Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in consideration of the several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of Tillage by the Exportation of Corn, in granting a Bounty thereon, have bought up and exported large Quantities, and given a Price to the Farmers adequate to the same on each Sort; and that the Petitioners, in shipping and exporting such Corn, have strictly observed the Directions and Intentions of the said several -Acts; but that the Petitioners have not been able to procure Payment of any Part of the Bounty due for the said Corn (the Receiver General alleging that he had nor, nor has, any Money in his Hands, chargeable with the Payment of the said Bounty, sufficient to pay the fame; the Want of which is a heavy Distress to the Petitioners: And therefore,praying. That the House will take the Premises into Confederation, and make such Provision for the

/ better

140 — 170

'2GEo. II. 170'

437

better and more effectual Payment of such Bounty grant- ic Wool-men of the City of London, by the Right Hoed by virtue of the said Acts, as the House shall judge cc nourable the Lord Chancellor of England, and the

equitable. u Two Chief Justices of either Bench, in the Year of our

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. " Lord God, according to the Course and Computation

c< of the Church of England, One thousand Five hun-Narborough An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- cc dred Fourscore and Seven and also the Paper, in-

Inclosure. mon Fields and common Meadows of Narborow, other- tituled, " The Proposals of the Wool-mens Company;"

wife Narboruugh, in the County of Leicester, was read the be delivered back to Mr. Troughton, Clerk to the Com-Third time. pany of Wool-winders.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom Knarefoo-common Meadows of Narborow, otherwise Narborough, the Bill for repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the rough Road,

in the County of Leicester. County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gou/dsborough

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville do carry the Bill to the Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scale Moor,

Lords, and delire their Concurrence. to Green Hammerton, in the same County; and for

making the same a High Carriage Road; was committed j ^orrePair*into the Port Road from the City of Edin- That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

c* oa burgh, through’ the Counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-from the Boat-house Ford on Almond Water, and from mittee had gone through the Bill and made several thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling; and also report to the House; and he read the Report in his from Falkirk to Keljyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Port Road to the City of Glasgow-, was read a Second Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, time. The House being informed, That some other Amend-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gar- ments are proper to be made to the Bill; michael, Mr. Browne, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Tonge, Mr. Southwell, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Com-Charlton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Lord mittee, to whom the same was committed.

Strange, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Mackenfie,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hill, Colonel Leighton, Mr. A Bill fcr the purchasing or hiring a convenient Piece Westminster Batburjl, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Webb, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ba- of Ground within the City of Westminster, and for erecting Court^oufc* con, Mr. Locke, Mr. Colleton, Mr. White, Mr. Bayntun, and fitting up a proper Court House for the Use of his Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Thornton, Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City and the ‘ Mr. Waller, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Liberty thereof, was read a Second time.

Poole? Mr. Hume, Mr. Willes, Mr. Kent, Mr. Laroche, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Peter War- Mr. Walpok; and all the Members who serve for Mr.' Sir Richard , Mr. Lyjler, Lord

North Britain:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Strange, Lord , Mr. Fazakerley, Mr

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Mr. Warburton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fellowes. Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Beck-OpeningYar- A Bill to open the Port of Great Yarmouth, for the Im- ford, Mr. Bond, Mr. Turner, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Lane,

Portation of Wool and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, was Mr. Gore, Mr. West, Mr. Salusbury, Mj*. Affleck, Mr. wr ool read a Second time. Hardinge, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Belchier, Lord Barrington,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Mr. Drake, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Waller, Mr. Whitey

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Sir Richard Wrottejley, Sir Henry Slingsby, Sir Dan. of the whole House. Osborne, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Mackenfie, Mr. Charlton,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Lord Barker, Lord Trentham, Colonel Haldane, Sir Wm. ing next, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Ellis, General House, upon the said Bill. Oglethorpe, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Phillips, Sir

Robert de Cornwall, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, Mr. Hora-Mackinzie* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tio Walpole junior, Mr. Harrison, Admiral Vernon, Mr. fcikue. for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of Sir George Mac- John Pitt, Mr. 0/ivald, Mr. Kent, Sir Francis Poole9 kinzie Knight, deceased, lying in that Part of Great ]VIr. Willes, Mr. Poivney, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Carmichael,

Britain cailed Scotland-, and for purchasing other Estates Mr. Northey, Mr. Lowndes, Sir [Thomas R.obinfon, Mr. to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes Attorney General, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nugent9 therein mentioned; was read a Second time. Mr. Henley; and all the Members who serve for the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, County of Middlesex: And they are to meet -this Afternoon Mr. Gore, Lord DupplinMr. Bayntun, Lord George Ca- at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. vendish, Mr .'Bacon, Mr* Grenville, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to chandler'a Vyner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Prowje, Colonel impower Richard Chandler Esquire, and Elizabeth his Name. Haldane, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Willes, Mr. Wife, and their 1 flue, to take and use the Surname of Churchhili, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Glanville, Cavendish, was read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Cujl, Colonel Abercrom- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George

hie. Lord Charles Douglas, Mr. Mackie, Sir Henry Er- Cavendish, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Strange, Lord Frederick Jkine, Mr. John Pitt, Lord Hobart, Mr. Ker, Lord Cavendish, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Belchier, Sir Wm. Tonge, Advocate of Scotland, Lord John Murray, Lord Pan- Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Page, Lord Duncan-

mure, Mr. Robert Ord, Mr. Nugent, Sir Daniel Camp- non, Mr. Willes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hume, Mr. Mackinfie,

bell, Mr. George Townshend, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. White, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr, Walpole, Mr.

Mr. Hampden, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Townshend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Hardinge,

Colonel Acourt, Mr. Hill, Mr. Lyjler, Colonel Leighton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hay, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wilson,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Allgood\ Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Sa- Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Fonereau,

lusbury, Mr. Northey, and all the Members who serve Mr, Godolphin, Lord Parker, Mr. Poore, Colonel Acourt,

for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon Mr. Salusbury, Lord Downe, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Mr. Horatio Walpole junior, Mr. Richards, Mr. Kent,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Thornton,

Woollen Oraered, That the Book, Part of which is intituled, Mr. Robinson, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr.

Trade. Ordinances allowed and confirmed to the Company of Jeffreys, Colonel Mojlyn, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Bond,

Vol. 26. s t Mr.

170 Februarii. . 1752.

Mr. Gray, Mr. Powney, Mr. Beckford\ Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Galway, Sir Richard Wrottefley,

. Colonel Monckton, Mr. Locke, Mr. Saunders, Sir John . Cty?; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford', Bucks, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lewes Roads. A Bill for repairing the Road from the North End of

Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, to Uckfield, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid to the Broil Park Gate, and from Offham, otherwise Wogbam, to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parirti of Fletching, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Ctf/?, Mr. Salufbury,

Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Hume, Mr. Shelley, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mofiyn, Mr. Gr^y, Mr. ebb, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Powney, Lord Strange, Mr. Jciw 2V&, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Bankes, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Conyers DArcy, Mr. Charles Townshend', Mr. Hcblyn, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Pocre, Mr. Henley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Morris, Mr. Mackenfic, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Ccxe, Mr. Wilson, Mi. liilles, Mr. Finch, Mr. Walpole, Mr. /Far burton. Air. Gafhry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Suffix, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Benson’s The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, dittolve the Marriage of Thomas Benjon with Jane Board, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And theri the Messengers withdrew.

Preventing An ingossed Bill for the better preventing Thefts and Robbenes, Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertain-

c‘ ment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses,

‘was read the Third time. }

ResolvedThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing Thefcs and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses.

Then the Blank left in the Bill for the Title thereof was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Batburfl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

of Samuel Walker of Burlefcombe,\n the County of Devon, and of several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Land-owners, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands, in several Parts of the Counties of Devon and So-merfet, and Carriers of Culm and Abbey Coal for burning of Lime, in chose Parts, on behalf of themselves and others, referred to the Committee; and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and that the Committee h^d examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, will the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring Scotch for-in a Bill for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland, feitcdEHates, to the Crown, unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and *to establish a Method of leafing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing future Difor-ders there;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown, unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of leafing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing future Disorders there: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sollicitor General, and the Lord Dupplin, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to OpeningLan-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon casterPort for the Bill to open the Port of Lancaster for the Importation Irlih ^oo1* of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Reynolds took the Chair of the Committee.

Afr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Reynolds reported from the Committee, That they* had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-monow

Glenwelt Sir Waller Blacket presented to the House, according Road. to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the Lift Session of Parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne, near Glenwelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

St. Albans - Mr. ^efl presented to the House, according to Order, Small Debts, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, and the several. Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Places, within the Liberty of St. Albans: And the same was received.

Taunto* Mr. Webb reported from the Committee, to whom the Roads. Bill for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition

Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Hatters* ing next, resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole Pc u: ion. House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Alaking and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Alaterials, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, in Great Britain', and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials in and near the City of Chester, whole Names are thereunder written, on behalf of them-

selves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester,

1 in

25 Geo. II. 17 0 Februar439

in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf o\ themselves, and the rest of the said T raue in Great Britain j were severally referred.

Ordered, That the Lord Parker have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Amending Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Act for alter- amend an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, ing the Sty if. jntjcujccj^ An for

regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use: And that the Lord Parker, Sir Richard Uoyd, Mr. Gray, and Sir Thomas Rcbinjon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Shrewsbury . Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Kmefc1 k*" ^or rcPa'rin& Roads from the Town of Shrews-

Koads! bury, through Ellejmere, in the County of Salop) and

Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham) in the County of Denbigh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House *. And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to make a Morion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the I louse to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

-Ordered) That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Tower Ham- And presented to the House a Petition of the several £ebtmall Poor Artificers and Manufacturers residing in Spittle

e ‘s* Fields, Shoreditch, Mile End, Newtown) and Bethnal Green,

within the Tower Hamlets, whose Names are thereunto subscribtrd, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Artificers and Manufacturers within the Parishes and Places aforesaid.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That, by the Bill now depending in the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, should the same pass into a Law, the Petitioners are informed the Fees, now payable to the Clerks and other Officers of the said Court of Requests, are intended to be increased; which the Petitioners apprehend would fall a heavy Burthen upon them, and a great Number of other useful poor Manufacturers, who, through a Stagnation of Trade, though industriously inclined, cannot get Employment in their several Occupations, by which Means many Hundreds are reduced to great Distress and N’eceffity, and thereby forced to contract small Debts; and, by reason of their Inability to pay the fame, are frequently summoned before the said Court of Requests, where the Fees now payable by Law put the Petitioners to great Straits and Inconveniencies, which are frequently increased by Fees extorted from them by the Clerks, not warranted by the said Act of Parliament; and reprefencing to the House, That the Petitioners are most faithful and loyal Subjects to his Majesty, as appeared by their great Zeal, in offering to take Arms for the Support of the Government, in the late unnatural Rebellion; and will be always ready to sacrifice their Lives in Support of the present Royal Family, and our happy Establishment; and expi effing the Hope of the Petitioners,

Vol. 26.

That they shall not be subjected to Hardships, for no,

other Purpose but an Increkfe of Fees to the Otfecers of the said Court; who, as the Petitioners are informed, have a very competent Satisfaction for their Trouble arising from the Fees at present payable by Law: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have Leave to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as tends to increase the Fees now payable to the Clerks and other Officers of the said Court of Requests, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard,.by their Counsel, before the said Committe, upon the Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admic Counsel to be heard at the same time in favour of the said Bill against the said Petition; and also against the Petition, referred to the said Committee, of the several principal Inhabitants, and other Householders, residing in the several Parishes within the Tower Hamlets, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said District.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And presented to the House a Petition of several Juf- LewesRoad* tices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Suffiex, and the several Persons usually travelling the Road from London to Lewes, in the said County.

And the said Petition was read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Roads leading from Uckfield to a Place called Witch Cross; and also the Road leading from Sheffield Bridges to the same Place; which are in a very ruinous Condition, and not passable for '

Wheel Carriages in Winter, and very dangerous for Passengers on Horseback, and which cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law; be not comprised in the Bill depending in the House for repairing the Roads leading from the North End of Mailing Street, near Lewes% to Uckfield, and from a Place called Ofsham, otherwise Wogham) to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parish of Fletching% in the said County, the Intentions of the Legislature, in making the Road passable from Imdon to Lewes, will in a great measure be frustrated: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That the Road leading from Uckfield to Witch Cross, and from Sheffield Bridges to the same Place, may be inserted in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do' examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardingey Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Chester, Mr. Newnham, Sir Richard Corbet C, Mr. Lyfiery Mr. Sydenham, Mr. War bur ton. Lord John Murray, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Gray,

Lord Strange, Mr. Vyner, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Haldane, Colonel Abercrombie,

Mr. Churchill) Lord Charles Douglas, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Mackay, Sir John Cufi, Sir Henry Erskine, Lord Hobart,

Mr. John Pitt, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Ker,

Mr. Robert Ord, Lord Panmure, Sir Duncan Campbell,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. George Townshend, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Wm. Chetwynd, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Hunter, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Leighton,

Mr. Hill; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffiex, Surry, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. 9

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hill have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved tbc House accordingly.

And

St. Albans Small Debts.

440

And a Bill, for the more cafy. and spepdy Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford\ and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Places within the Liberty of Saint . Albans, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned til) Tomorrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

170 — 18°

A. 1752.

.Halifax, in the feme Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Bradford and Hallifax) that Part of the said Roads which leads over Cutler Height, through Bowling and Wibfey, to the said Town of Hallifax, is ordered to be repaired; which Part of the said Roads, which leads over Cutler Height, will be very inconvenient to Travellers and Carriages going along the same Branch; and alleging. That, in case the said Road was to go through a Lane, called Sticker hone, in Bowling aforesaid, it would be much more commodious for Tra-. vellers and Carriages going along that Branch, than the , said Road leading over Cutler Height, and be much easier to be repaired: And therefore praying. That a Clause or Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill, impowering the Truiiees appointed by the said former Act, and in the said Prayers. , Bill> to be named, if they think proper and convenient,

A BILL, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of to repair and amend that PVt of the said Roads leading Small Debts. small Debts. in the TJn and £orcV Liverpool,6ttcter, La^. >? BmA* aforesaid> ,nftcad of the

- - -- — r- Road over Cutler Height.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Mortis, 18°. die Februarii;

Anno 25* Georgii II" Regis, 1752.

Leeds to Harrogate, k c. Roads.

and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, t was read a Second time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Salusbury,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Turner, Sir John Cust, Mr, Powney, ‘ . Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wil- Hams, Mr. Sergifon, - Mr. Hay, Mr; Beckford\ Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gore, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Edmund Thomas,

- Mr. Vernon, Mr. Colleton^ Mr. Butler, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Townshend, Lord Parker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cocks, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Neale,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Grays Mr. Lock, Mr. Webb, Mr. Thornton, Lord Strange, Mr. Bullery Mr. Saunders, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Newnbam, Mr*. Thornbagbf Lord* Barrington, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Kent, Mr. Clayton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, kVeftmor-land, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to . whom the Bill, for repairing the Roads from Leeds, -through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches, One through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through, Knaresborough and Boroughbridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water-course,

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Allgood, Mr ..Neale, Mr. Ker, Mr. Butler, Mr. ClayUm, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sergifon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Wbubcot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Beckford, Colonel Leighton^Loed Strange, Colonel Acourt, Mr, Fazakerley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Colleton, Sir Robert Burdett, Lord Parker, Mr. Nugent, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Phillip-son, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Bond, Mr. Coxe, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Eliot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties, of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, Fork, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Commons, in the Manor of Ridley, in the

n

.on Hutton Moor, in the County of York-, and for Yepair- - County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

ing the Sloughs on the said Moor; was committed; That ..... ’

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

.and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Commons, in the Manor of Ridley, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blacket do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, Bounty cb from the Port of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read 5 reciting the Provisions made in several Acts of v

Benson’s

Divorce.

Leeds to Hallifax Road.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Benson Gentleman, with JaneBoard, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Freeholders, residing in or near the Towns of Leeds and Hallifax, in the W eft Riding of the County of York, and other Persons who travel between the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Bill now depending in the House (for explaining and amending so much of an Act,passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of

Parliament, relating to the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Malt and Com; and alleging, That the Petitioners have bought and exporced from Southampton, to Parcs beyond the Seas, under the Limitations and Restrictions directed*, large Quantities of Wheat, Flour, Barley, and Malt; but that the Petitioners have not been able to obtain Payment of the Bounty due to them for the fame; the Receiver General alleging, He had not fufticienc Money in his Hands arising from the proper Branches; so that there now remains unpaid to the Petitioners all the Bounty-money for the said Corn and Flour: And-therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to make such Provision for the Payment of the Petitioners, and for the regular Payment of such Bounty, as shall hereafter become due, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Admissiooc according to Order, a Bill to obviate Doubts that have arisen, with regard to the Admission of the Vassals of the ScoUn

Principality

V

25 Geo. II. 180

441

Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded) That the Bill be read a Second time.

Confkblcs A Bill for the better securing to Constables, and others, Charges, the Charges of carrying Offenders to Gaol, was read a Second time.

Rejohedy That the Bill be committed.

Refclvcdy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Sir William Tonge presented to the House, according to Pawnbrokers. Order, a Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers, and Brokers, within the Bills of Mortality, and for the more effectual I preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods: And the fame

was received; and read the First titne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That 1 the said Bill be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

Expiring Mr. Bacon reported from the Committer, who were Laws. appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ;x-piring; and to report their Opinion to the House, whTh ol them are fit to be revived or continued; r: ihr Committee had enquired acc ordingly; an,; iad ~ome to federal Resolutions; which rLry nad directed him to '.port to the

(House; which he read in nis PNce. and aiteiv,*rds delivered in at the Cicrk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followech; viz.

Rejoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year wf the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An \ft f;-r die

Ibttter Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the Encouragemenc of the Importatton ot Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the importation of IVlafts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Mads, Yards, and Bow f* rits, T'ar, Pitch, and Turpentine, which w as to continue in Foice from the 291!; Day of September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and tc the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was lurther continued, until the 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’5 Reign, was further continued, under certain Regulations, until the 25th Day of December 175*, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, under such Regulations.

Rjolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign ofhisprefeiu Majesty (intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules. Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom) which was to continue in Force for the Spr x of Eight Months, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the Twentieth

! Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was explained,

amended, and continued, and to be in Force with the said I last mentioned Act, for the Space of Eight Monrhs, from the icth Day of January 1746, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which fa d Acts, by an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 24th Day of September 1748, and from thence to the End of fhc then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 24th Day of September 1749, and from thence to the Vol. 26.

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for amending, explaining, and enforcing, the said Acts made in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for impowci ing his Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves; and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued, until the 29th Day of September 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and which, by an Act: made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the lft Day of September 1731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining and enforcing the said Acts; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Maje H' (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America) which wa> to continue in Force from the 23th Day of March <735, until the 15th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 11th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, fro.n the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Seven Yeais, and trom thence to the End of the then next Sdfion of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration of the said last-mentfoned Term, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence ro the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the h>ign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America) which was to continue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 1 ith Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from dience to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Second of the said Resolutions, which hath been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bacon, the Lord Strange, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, ft hat it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the several Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions, which have been postponed.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to Importing whom the Petition of the Master 'Printers of Silk, Silk Gam Senega. Handkerchiefs, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, who'e Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themfdvcs,

3 U and

442

18° FebruariL

A. 1752.

Imposing Gum Senega.

and the rest of the Master Printers of Great Britain, of the Trade aforesaid, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matcerof the said Petition; and had di-rc&ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the -House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To ihew that the Manufacture of Printing employs great Numbers of Persons, and the Manner in which the Revenue arising by the said Manufacture is collected.

The Agent, on behalf of the Petitioners, called,

Mr. John Fenner, who said. That great Numbers of Persons, of both Sexes, and of different Ages, are employed in the Priming of different Species of Goods:

That the Duty paid on the said Manufacture, in Six Weeks time, by the Hotife where to the Witness belonged, was, upon an Average, for that Time, 400/, j which Duty is collected at the Printers Expence, and by their own Servants.

Then, to shew of what Importance the said Manufacture is to this Nation,

Mr. Robert Davis, Handkerchief Weaver, informed your Committee, That all plain Silks, made use of here in Priming, are of our own manufacturing: And,

Mv.Joseph Hague, a Warehouse-man, said, that Flax and Raw Cotton, of which Stuffs for printing are made, when wrought up,are of more than Four times the Value of the crude Materials.

Mr. Thomas li 'ebbc, Linen-draper, said, That the Value of a Piece of unwhitftered Linen, of 28 Yards, is about 35 s.; and when it is printed, and pencilled, it is worth from 42 j. to 5 /. 5 s. 0d.

Then, to shew to your Committee the absoluteNeceffity of Gum Senega, for the Support of the Manufacture of Printing, the Agent called,

The aforesaid Mr. Venner, who said. That the Trade of Printing cannot be carried on, without the Ule of Gum Senega; for that several other Gums had been tried, and had spoiled the Goods; that Gum Senega is used both in the pencilling and the printing Part of the Manufacture; and had rose within these Nine Years, from 35s. to 12/. per Hundred Weight.

Mr. James Plank also said, That Gum Senega is absolutely necessary in carrying on the said Trade; for that he finds no other Species of Gum that will answer the Purpose so well; and in the pencilling Part of the Manufacture, Gum Senega alone can be made use of:

That the Witness had tried to use several other Gums, in the printing Part; and by that means had spoiled the W ork: That the Sale of pencilled Linens, within these Three or.Four Years past, had greatly increased; and that the major Part of the Linens, sold at the House to which he belonged, are of chat Species; and the Demand for those Goods increaseth every Day; and that, as far as the Witness is acquainted with the Trade in general, this is the same at other Houses.

And being a(ked. What Quantity of Gum Senega would supply the whole Trade ? he said, About 120 Tons per Annum *, and that he made his Calculation from the Consumption at the House where to he belonged.

Mr. Edmund Farmer said, That, in some Parts of the Manufacture, no other Ingredient, except Gum Senega, will do; that he had made use of various Things in various Manners, in the said Manufacture, having tried, he believed, every thing that was glutinous in the vegetable Kingdom, but without Success:

That Brokers mix other Gums with Gum Senega; and for the Damage he once received, from a Small Calk so mixed, he was allowed Sixteen Pounds; and that Gum Senega, mixed with any other thing, is not fit for the Manufacturers.

And being afleed. If, by adding a large Quantity of Gum Arabick, it would not do in printing, as well as Gum Senega ? he said in some Colours it would not; that it would not do in Red or Purple; and in a Blue the Colour is much fainter than when Gum Senega is made use

of, and it will wash out; and that in the Colours he had mentioned, the House to which he belonged never dare mak<* use of Gum Arabick; and whoever does use it in those Colours, will lose his Reputation:

That, since the Conclusion of the Peace, the Price of Gum Senega had rose from j to 12/. per Hundred Weight; which he,thinks isowing to so little being imported of late; for that in 1741 the Price of that Commodity was only about 32 or 33 s. per Hundred Weight;

That the Witness never made any Computation of the annual Consumption of Gum Senega in this Kingdom; but he believed it to be about 120 Ton; as the House where to he belonged consumed about 8 or 10 Ton per Annum; and he thinks their House consumes about ryh Part of the Whole:

That there is a Manufactory in Hamburgh, and another in Holland; and he believed the French might supply the Hamburghers , that about Two or Three Years ago the Price of Gum in Holland was 30 or 32 s, per Ct. Weight; but what the Price was here, at that Time, the Witness could not tell.

Mr. John Cecil said, That he believed the Price of Gum Senega in Hamburgh now is 6/. 1 s. o d. per Ct. Weight.

Then he produced to your Committee, a Bill of Parcels, made out to Messieurs MauviUion and Company, dated 10th February 1744; by which it appeared chat the Price of Gum Senega here, at that Time, was 30/. per Cent. Weight, with a Discount of i \ per Ct.

And by a Bill of Parcels of Gum Senega, bought the nth February 1741, of the African Company, it appeared that the Price then was $<is.per Hundred Weight, with a Discount of 3 per Ct.

Then Mr. Cecil produced to your Committee, An Account of the Prices of different Species of Gums, which he had bought,from April 1743^0 November 1751; by which it appeared, That, from 174;, to September 1749, the Price of Gum Senega varied, from time to time, and had increased, upon the Whole, from 31*. to 52 s.per Hundred Weight; and from thence to November the 2d, 1750, to 5/. 17s. 6d.\ and from thence, to November the 2d, 1751, to ill. 10s. od.

Then Mr. Cecil informed your Committee, That there was a publick Sale of GumSenega the 29th oflaft Month; and that it then fold for 10I. per Ct. Weight:

That in the last Year there was only imported about 20 Ton; and that, upon a Calculation made of his own Business, he does not think less than 120 Ton per Annum would serve the whole Trade:

That he had tried Gum Arabick in his Business; but that in a Blue, Yellow, or Purple, it will not clo; but that he had used it in a Red, and in that Colour it did as well as Gum Senega; yet although in the House where to he belongs, they can make a good Red with Gum Arabick, there are other Houses deficient in that Art.

That for these Nine Years he had used 10 or 11 Hundred Weight of Gum Senega and Gum Arabick per Annum, Three Quarters of which were Gum Senega; that in the pencil Colours he uses about Six Tons of Gum Senega:

That the same Quantity of printed Goods are not exported as usual, though the Witness supplies some Places in Holland, where they print their own Goods.

And being asked, If the Hamburghers and Hollanders had the use of Gum Senega, and we had not, whether our Goods would be fit to meet theirs at Market? he said, If that was the Cafe, they would not:

That about Three Months ago he had received Advice from Hamburgh, that Gum Senega there was j /. per Hundred Weight; and Once that Time he had received another Account of its being 61. is. od. per Hundred Weight; and that he had contracted for Gum Senega at Hamburgh, at 61. is. od. per Hundred Weight, provided Liberty was given to import it.

Mr. John Dalton, a Callicoe Printer, said. That he apprehended the Trade of Printing could not be carried on without the Use of Gum Senega; that he had spoiled large Quantities of Goods, by using other Gums, and had 60 Pieces of Goods now by him, belonging to one Mr. Eyre> IQ which

DyGoogh

25 Geo. II.

which he could not finish without Gum Senaga; and that, if he was to use Gum Senega, at the Price it now is, he. should lose by the Work:

That he had pencilled some Pieces of Linen Two or Three Times over, for Mr. Barber, olAldgatei wherein he nled Barbary Gums; and always spoiled them s

That the Witness had formerly used Four or Five Tons, in a Year; but that now he do^s not use One Eighth Part of what some People in the Trade do; that he thinks if there was Plenty of Gum Senaga, the Trade would use about 120 or 130 Tons in a Year:

That he contracted with a Person for Ten Guineas, to mix him a Blue, without the use of Gum Senega; but that he spoiled all he undertook for him:

That one Lamb applied to him, to print some Goods, to go abroad; but, upon Account of the Dearnefsof Gum Senega, he could not undertake them; that the said Lamb told the Witness, They could work much cheaper in Holland and Hamburgh, than we could here; and the Witness said, That in rale there is not a fresh Supply of Gum Senega, some of the Trade mult leave off; and that himself must be one; and that the Hamburghers and Holland-ers can underwork us Cent. per Cent, in printing, while Gum Senega bears the Price ii does.

Mr. Stephen Marshally Cailicoe Printer, said, That the Trade of Printing can’t be carried on without Gum Senega; for that in some'Parts of the Bufintfs.no other Gum will do; that the pencilling Part can't be done without Gum Senega; and it is a very Trifle of the printing Part, that can:

That he printed about 5,000 Pieces last Year; but more than Half of them were unnenciilcd.

Mr. John Marlar being asked, What Proportion the pencilled Linen bore to the printed in general ? said, it was difficult to fix; th.»c those exported are either the highest or the lowed priced; but the greatest Quantity exported are the lowed priced.

Then he produced to your Committee Two Samples of Gum, one of which he said the Trade called Gum Turick; but they arc both entered at the Cudonj-house as Gum Arabick:

That the finer Sort of them will do in any Work but pencilling;* but that the coarser, whit h they distinguish by the Name of Gum Turick, will not do in any Sort of Work.

Then, in order to shew that there has not been a sufficient Quantity of Gum Senega in the Kingdom of late, for the Use of the Manufacturers,

The Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Thomas Olave, who said. That he believed there is a Quantity of Gum Senega in the Kingdom, for more than Two Monhts Consumpcion; hut that was not the Cafe, before the Pecition was presented to the House; for since that Time, there has 35 Hogsheads, which is about 20 Tons, come Home, and which has been put up to Sale, and fold for about 101, per Hundred Weight; but that jud before the Arrival of that Gum, in November 1751, the Witness gave 12/. 7s. od. per Hundred Weight; and further said, That our annual Confiimption of Gum Senega is about laoTons; but that the Consumption of this SpeciesofGum has increased within these ioor i2Years; before which Time there were great Stocks in Hand.

Then, to shew that the African Company have not, for some Time pad, imported a sufficient Quantity of Gum Senega, for the Use of the Manufacturers, Mr. Richard Spence, Secretary to the late African Company, said, That the said African Company have imported no Gum Senega since about the Year 1745, when they imported about 80 or 90 Ton; that in the Year 1733 they imported about 64 Ton; and in the feme Year Mr SLrcavor imported in his Ship much about the feme Quantity: Thar, before the Year 1733, one Captain /tew/’i? imported some Guna Senega, for the Use of the Company; but what Quantity the Witness could not tell.

And being a(ked, 1 f the Trade for Gum, upon the Coad of Africa, had not been prohibited by the French, ever since the Year 1746 ? he laid. The French always prohi* VjOL. 26.

443

bit it; but that in the Year 1745 they made a private Importing Agreement with us; that we should have a Quantity of Gum Sei)CSa* Gum for a Quantity of Slaves; but that Agreement has been since superceded.

Mr. Willoughby Stevens, Cailicoe Printer, said. That he apprehended the chief Reason of the Advance of the Price of Gum Senaga is owing to its being locked up in the Hands of Brokers, who know the Trade cannot do without it:

That in Holland it is sold at 7/. ioj. od. a Hundred Weight; and if the Witness had it at that Price, he could have much greater Demands for Goods than he has at present; and that ic has been at 7 /. tos. od. in Holland these Three or Four Months;

That within this Month the Witness has bought Gum Senega of the Brokers at 10/. 15 s. a Hundred Weight; and the Kcafon he gave that Price was, he had Work to finish, and could not do without it; and that, upon Account of this advanced Price, he said, he should be a con-fidtrable Sufferer; that when he contracted todotheWork he now has by him, Gum senega was then about 8 /. a Hundred Weight; and that it was then believed the Price would be lower, on Account of the intended Application to Parliament; and that he had also a great Quantity of Gum Senega by him, which, at the Time he bought it, colt him only 50s. a Hundred Weight; and besides, that he had contracted with certain People, for a Term of Years, and had took Places wherein to carry on his Work; so that he is aimed obliged to take in Work; but the chief Reason that induced him to undertake that Piece of Work was, that if he had not, he mud have discharged 1 50 People, which would have been the Ruin of him and his Family, otherwise he said he had differed by the Undertaking; upon Recollection, he said, he believed, when he took the Work he mentioned in Hand, the Price of Gum Senega was about 4, 5, or 61. a Hundred Weight; but chat it soon after role to 8 /.:

That the general Run of Work which the Witness does is pencilled; and that if Gpm Senega was as cheap here, as it now is in Hollandy he could do twice the Quantity he now does:

That in his House they take a great deal of Pains in improving Patterns, which the Hollanders Copy; and besides the Article of Gum Senega, the Hollanders have a considerable Advantage over us, on Account of the Growth of Maddars:

That at the East India Company's last Sale, the Merchants bought a large Quantity of white Cloth, for Exportation, to be printed abroad; which, if printed here, would have employed 1,000 Persons; and the principal C^use we cannot work as cheap as Foreigners, is owing to the excessive Price of Gum Senega:

That the Witness had experienced ocher Gums; but that they will not answer the Purposes of Gum Senega; and if that Gum was at a reasonable Price, we could beat both the Hollanders and Hamburghers.

Mr. Samuel Toriny a Broker, being present, was desired to inform your Committee of what he knew, in relation to the Price of Gum Senega,

He said, That he made a Sale of the said Gum on the 29th of the last Month; and that it fold for 10/. 2 s. 6 d. per Hundred Weight, with Discount; that it was all bought by the Brokers, and he believed for the Use of the Trade; that when he fays it was bought for the Trade, he means for the Salters and Druggists; and those are the People who usually supply the Printers:

That the Witness could not say what Quantity of Gum Senega is in England; but he believes about 25 Ton, exclusive of what is in the Printers Hands; and that he had heard some Printers say, they had as much Gum Senega in their Hands, as would last them till July next.

And being asked, What Quantity had been put up to Sale annually ? he said, About 150 or 200 Ton:

That the Witness used to buy Gum Senega ofonc Mr. Blackwood, who used, about 14 Years ago, to import about 25a or 280 Tons,^r Annum; and that he had contracted for it with Mn Blackwood from 28 to 30 s. per Hundred Weight

18° Februarii.

G.

Importing Gum Senega.

444

18° Februar.

.1752-

Weight; and that the Wicness used to export sometimes fd9, sometimes iths of it to Hamburgh:

That he imputes the great Rife of Gum Senega of late to a French Ship being burnt in September or October lad, Which had a Quantity of the said Gum on board; that the Witness had bought a few Tons of Gum Senega, and had shipped it for Dunkirk; and that it cost 9/. per Hundred Weight; and chat it then fold in Holland for 7 or 8 /. per Hundred Weight; but the Gum he bought, and shipped for Dunkirk, was sent to this Market again:

That the Hollanders allow of the Importation of Gum Senega from all the Parts of Europe , and that, as the Witness has been informed, a great Parcel has been bought at Amsterdam, and sent to Gibraltar, in order to be brought here

Mr. Marler was asked, Whether the Gum Senega, that was imported last August, was not offered to the Printers before it was put up to Sale ? he said, It was offered to him at 8/. per Hundred Weight; and he bought Half of it; but he could not afford to use it at chat Price; and was forced to fell it again.

Mr. George Potter was asked, How long Gum Senega had been at 9/. before the Importation in August ? he said, He believed Four Months; and a Year and a Half before that Time, it had been at 47 j.; and from that Time kept gradually rising.

Mr. Daniel Valentine said. There has been a general Prohibition these Three or Four Months of exporting Gum Senega from France, as he is advised by his Correspondent at Leghorn.

And Mr. Stevens said. He had been informed, that the Prohibition in France is to continue till February next.

And Mr. Potter added, that the Gum mentioned by Mr. Tor in, to have been returned from Dunkirk, he has bought ir here, since it came back.

M. Robert Kingscourt, a Druggist, said, That we should be glad to buy Gum Senega to fend abroad, at 7/. 10s. od. per Hundred Weight, or upwards; and that he daily ex-pected Orders, as far as 9/. ancj thinks the Scarcity is all over Europe:

That he would have been glad, at any Time within these Three Months, to have bought ic at that Price; and that, till within these Three Months, it was fold from 3/. ioj. to 4/.

And being asked, If any national Prejudice would arise from giving Leave to import Gum Senega from all Places whatsoever ? he said. He believed there would; and that, if Captain Lone had Success in the Voyage he is going to make, the Witness imagined Gum Senega would be at 3 or 4 / a Hundred Weight; yet he said, he apprehended, if all Ports were at Liberty to import Gum Senega, ic would not hurt the African Company.

Mr. George Potter said, That bethinks, if this Application to Parliament is attended with Success, it will discourage Ships from going to the African Coast, as the French can always fell Gum Senega somewhat cheaper than we; and the Consequence will be, that Trade will all get into the Hands of the French',

And added, That an African Trader can afford to fell Gum Senega at 40 s* a Hundred Weight.

Captain Lone, being examined, informed your Committee, That he opened the Trade for Gum Senega, on the Coast of Africa, in the Year 1748, after it had been long disused, and brought home that Year 38 Tons; that in 1749 he brought none home; but in 175 1 he brought 22 Ton, which he sold at 8/. a Hundred Weight; that he is now going again, and hopes not to get less than 50 Ton, and to return about May or June next:

That there was one Greenhall there last Year, who brought home 12 Ton; and that his Ship returned about Three Weeks ago; but he said, he did not hear of any Person going to the Coast of Africa this Year, besides himself.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Use of Gum Senega is necessary to the carrying to Per-

section the printing Manufactory of Silks, Linens, and Caliicoes.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Quantity of Gum Senega, imported *into this Kingdom, has, for some Years, greatly decreased; and that the Price thereof has of late advanced to an excessive Rate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Gum Senega be allowed to be imported into this Kingdom, from any Place in Europe, under proper Limitations.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Reynolds, according, to Order, reported from the Opening Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to open Lancaster the Port of Lancaster,fov the Importation of Wool, and ^0[or Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

The Lord Harley presented to the House, according to Bromyard Order, a Bill for repairing the several Roads leading from Roads, the Town of Bromyard\ in the County of Hereford, to several Places called Halfway /tftjy in the Parish of Dock-low, Herefordshire Lake,in the Parish of PVbit burnt, Perry Bridge, Sapey Wood, Bishops Froome, PVooftrwood Gate> and Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Bromyard\ in the same County: And the fime was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Maintenance whole House, upon the Bill for the better Maintenance and Employment of poor Children, within that Parc of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

The Order made this Day being read, for taking into Leeds by Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom Harrogate the Bill, for repairing the Roads from Leeds, through Har- &c* Roadi wood, to the South-weft Corner of the Incloluresof Har-rogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (One through Ripley, over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaref-borough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water-course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs oh the said Moor; was committed.

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, ic being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And presented to the House a Petition of the several Tower Ham Inhabitants and.poor Manufacturers living in the Parish of j*ts ^mal* St. Dunstan Stepney, and Whitechapel, and other Places Dc adjacent* within the District of the Tower Hamlets, in

behalf


V' Amending & Act for f;J altering the Style, & c.

Leeds by Harrogate, See. Roads.


t*1

ItH*


2$ GeO* II. 18° — 190 Februarii. 445

behalf of themfelVeS; and other Inhabitants artd Artificers within the Parishes and Hamlets aforesaid.

And the said Petition Was read 5 alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend the Bill depending itt the House (to explain, amend, arid render more effectual, an Act passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more eftly and speedy Recovery of final! Debts, within the Tower Hamlets) should the feme pass into a Law, in the same manner it now is* Will be very prejudicial and detrimental not only to the Petitioners, but to the Inhabitants in general, and particularly in fefpeft to Two Clauses therein mentioned, the one relating to the Incredfe of the Fees of the Clerks of the said Coure, the other which directs Suittitiohiesto be left at the last Place of Abode of the Perfotts furhrtioned to appear in the said Court; and that there are many Hundred of poor Manu-fasttifcfs dwelling Within the Tower Hamlets* who have large Families to support; and foriletimes, through Decay of Trade, Sickness, and many other unhappy Accidents, are under Necessity of cohtraftirtg small Debts; which flot being able to pay, they are frequently fbmmoned to the said Courts and Under tnefe deplorable Circumstances, With great Difficulty, taife Money to pay the present Fees; and that as the Number of the Poor in the Tower Hamlets arefer more ddfisiderable, and their Employments less profitable, than in other Places, they are the less able to sup* port any additional Charges; and that the Petitioners are Well informed, and doubt not but to nrianifeft to the House, that Two Clerks can trartffcft the whole Rufmefs of the said Court* with £ Cortftarifcand diligent Attendance; and therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that they shall not be butthened with the Payment of unnecessary Officers; and that the Fees may not be increased, but the Number of Clerks reduced; which will ease the Inhabitants of a large Bxpence; and praying, That the Petitioners may be heardby themselves,orCounfel,agairtft die said Bill, or to such Part thereof as relates to increase the Clerks Fees, in the said Court of Request, and to the Summonses being left at the last Place of Abode of the several Defendants; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cott-fkferatioft of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition,

Ordered, That it be an Instruftlon to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have PoWer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Merc Ur it, 1 g° die Februarii;

Anno 2j° Georgii IIdf Regis, 175a.

Pr AtERj,

THfi Lord Parker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill, to amend an Act, made in the last Seffloft of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in use: Arid the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from Leeds, through Harwood to the South-weft Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (One through Ripley» over Butdge Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Rip on, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Warer-course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Voi*. a 6.

Sloughs o» the said Mdor; was committed; be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groflfed.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Lewej Petition of several J offices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Roads. Clergy, and Freeholders* of the County of Sussex, and the several Persons usually travelling the Road from London to Lewes, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Whitfield said. That the Roads leading from Uckfieldi to Witch Cross, and also from Sheffield Bridges> are in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Paflen-gers; nor can the said Roads be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Craufurd confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to Whom the Bill, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, to Uckfield, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate, and from Off bam

Other wife Uogham, to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parish of Fletching, in the said County, is committed, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Roads leading from Uckfield, to a Place called IVitcb Cross-, and also the Road leading from Sheffield Bridges, to IVitcb Cross aforesaid.

Mr. Alderman Baker presented to the House, according infUrancea to Order, a Bill to restrain the making Insurances on Fo- en Foreign reign Ships, bound to or from the East Indies: And the India, same was received; and read the First time. s ips*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Yuejday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Girardot’s naturalizing Andrew Girardot, was read the First time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, to open the Port of Lancaster, for Opening the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ite- p*"c^rcr land, was read the Third time. irilhWool.

RJohedi That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to open the Port of Lancaster, for the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, ftotti Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Reynolds do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning p^onal next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, u to consider of the State of the national Debt.

Sir Walter Blacket reported from the Committee, to Leeds to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Hallifax Freeholders, residing in or near the Towns of Leeds and Rs,ad* Hailifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and other Persons who travel between the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

5 X To

Securing Black Lead Mines.

Wantage, Bee. Roads.

Secnd Road.

Cave’s

Name.

Bacon’s

Ellate.

Hopton’s

Ellate.

P re lion’s Jointure.

South Sea Directors.

446 19 0 FebruariuA. 1752.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. George Green, and Mr. William Thornton, who severally being examined, said. That if that Part of the Roads, which leads over Cutler Height, through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Hallifax, and directed to be repaired by a former Ad, should be continued, the same will be very inconvenient to Travellers and Carriages; but in case the IJoad was to be amended, which goes through a Lane called Sticker Lane, in Bowling (which is a nearer Way, and much ealier to be amended) it would be much more commodious for Travellers and Carriages than the Road leading over Cutler Height aforesaid.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for explaining and amending so.jmuch ;of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to; the Town of Hallifax, in the fameHiding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Hallifax, is committed, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for Empowering the Trustees to repair the Road through Sticker Lane, instead of the Road over Cutler Height.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple, and Mr.

Ho ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more eflfcdual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon*, and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence, by Road Church> to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,.intituled, An Act to enable John Cave, now called* John Browne, and his Ifiue, to take and use the Surname of Browne, without any Amendment,: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, devised by the Will and Codicil of Nathanael Bacon Esquire, deceased,' in Edward Bacon Esquire, in Fee-simple; and for settling an Estate in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will and Codicil: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of Icombe, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Hopton Esquire, and others, and laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of an intire Estate, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower John Preston Merchant, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fiflherv; and for regulating the Elec-

tion of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And there being a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Belchier do take the Chair of the said Committee,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

' Tcllers for the Yeas> [Ml! Chlr

Tfilers for the Noes,

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Belchier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Belchier reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to.receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Taunton Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Roads, the Bill for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Horses loaden with Culm, for the Burning of Lime, from Payment of the Tolls.

And the said Clause was once read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning HatManu-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mure, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, in Great Britain*, and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending, of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in and near the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, in Great Britain, were severally referred.

1 Resolved,

2 5 Geo. II.

190 — 20°

447

Importing Resolved, that this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Gum Senega, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Pctirion of the Matter Printers of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Matter Printers of Great Britain, of the Trade aforesaid, was referred.

Bradford, Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Road. the gin for rhc widening, amending, and repairing, the Road from that End of Combe Bridge, which joins the Bath Road in the County of Somerset, to and through Wifley and Bradford, and from thence, over Forwood's Common and Mucbell Mead, to Staverton Bridge, through Hiper ton, down Guy's Lane, and lb far over Ashton Common as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford Bridge to a Place called Cockbill Gate, in the County of Wilts was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir Robot Long have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by. the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a Motion.

f And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, devised by the Will and Codicil of Nathanael Bacon Esquire, deceased, in Edward Bacon Esquire, in Fee-simple; and for settling an Fftate in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the said Will and Codicil; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jov/Sy 20° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IT11 Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

Memorir.lof HT'HE House being informed, That Mr. Woody from

Commifi’ton- X the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the

ers of Cuf- rV

toms,respctt- U0 5 , . , D r

ing Lazarets. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copy of a Memorial from the Commissioners of the Customs to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, dated September 27, 1743; and proposing the building of Lazarets, &c. for the Airing of Goods then under Quarantine in Standgate Creek.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Morpeth to A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town

Road Cr°ls Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Tbropp/e, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting

Vol. 26.

Cross, and to The High Cross ih Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Allgoody Sir Robert Long, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Batburji, Mr Bedford,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gulf on, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Earle, Mr. FeHowes, Sir John Cust, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Butler, Mr. Harrison, Sir Wm. Calverty Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Neale, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Hay, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bidler,

Mr. Stevens, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ker, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Watson, Mr. Barber, Mr. Wilson,

Mr. Powney, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Aldworth.

Lord Strange, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Kent, Mr. John Pitt,

Lord Harry Powleti, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Ordy Mr.

Brifowe, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mackinzie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster,

York, Durham, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Harry Powlett reported from the Committee, TinheadHill, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from the &c. Roads. South East End of the Hedge on the Top of Tinhead Hill, in the Parish of Edington, in the County of Wilts, through Tinhead, and from thence to Raydown, through Steeple Ashton, and over Steeple Ashton Common, to a Place called The Round Stone, in ‘Trowbridge, in the said County of Wilts; and also from a Place called Flinty Nap, in the Parish of Coulfton, to the Entrance of Western Down, in the said Parish of Edinton, and from a House, now in the Occupation of Robert Godby, situate in a Lane called Trowlebttdge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through Westwood, to Midford, in the County of Sumer-/<?/; and also from Frejhford, in the said County of Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Wilts, and, through the fame, to the Foot of Combe Hill, leading to the City of Bath; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, Morpeth, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Long &c*Road# Horseley Bar, or Gate, on the Pott Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Wkittingham, to the River Breamish, in the County of Northumberland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers and Brokers Regulating within the Bills of Mortality, and for the more effectual Pawnbrokers preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An

Hopton’s

Estate.

Prefton’s

Jointure.

Harbord’s

Estates.

Wyndham’s

Estate.

Pu fey’s Tyihcs, &c.

South Sea Directors.

Ways and Means.

Opening Yarmouth Port for Irish Wool.

20° Februarii. 1752.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of Icombe, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Hopton Esquire, and others; and laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of an entire Estate to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Refflvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John Preston Merchant, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage, was read the First time.

Refflved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple, and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlements of Sir William Harbord Baronet and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the like Uses in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of William Wyndham Esquire, art Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates, in the Manor of Upbavett, and in Lufton, and Odcombe, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerfft, during his Minority: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Tythes and Parc of the Glebe Land of the Rectory of Puffy, in the County of Berks, in John Allen Puffy Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling a yearly Rent in lieu thereof, on the Rector and his Successors: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Belcbier, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fiffiery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the Exportation of Tea.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to open the Port of Great Yarmouth for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Horatio Walpole senior took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Horatio Walpole senior reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Thursday the Performance 13th Day of this instant February, for the House to re- of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Quarantinet Tuesday next, to consider of the most proper and effectual Mahner of performing Quarantine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refflved\ That this House will, upon Weditefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of the mrtft proper and effectual Manner of performing Quarantine.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee upon Tuesday next, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a Copy of the Report to the Navy Board of certain Officers of his Majesty’s Yards at Deptford and Chatham, dated nth January 1752, relating to a propet Place in the River Medway for building of a Lazaret.

A Bill to obviate Doubts that have arisen With regard Admission to the Admilfiort of the Vaflab of the Principality of of Vaffals Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties, Was 10 Scotland, read a Second time*

Refflved, That the Bill be committed.

Refflved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refflved, That this House will, upon M*»rf*yMorrtirtg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hrtufe to Confhblca fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Charges* the Bill for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Charges of carrying Offenders to Gaol, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Powney took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom Surry the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there-unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others. Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Counties of Surry and Kent, and of the City of Westminster\ and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for amending the Roads from che City of London to the Town of East Grinffead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry, and of the Trustees for amending the Cross Roads leading from Westminster Ferry, in the Parish of Lambeth, to New Cross; were referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Several Acts of Parliament, made in the 4th, 6th, and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the

10th

r

25 Geo. II. ib° — 210 449

loth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were produced } by which Acts several Tolls and Powers were granted and continued for repairing the Roads leading from the City of London to the Town of East Grinfted^ in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry.

And an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, was also produced; whereby several Tolls and Powers were granted for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the Pariftics of Lambeth, Newington, St. George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewifham, in the County of Kent.

Mr. Ij'aac Perkis was examined, and said, That a Turnpike has been erected by the Trustees for putting the said first-mentioned Acts in Execution, upon that Parc of the Road which leads from Newington to Camberwell.

With regard tq the last mentioned Petition,

The said Mr. Perkis said, That the Road from Newington to Camberwell, in the County of Surry, and from thence to Peckbarn Lane Endy leading to New Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill in the Road leading to Dulwich, in the County of Surry, is in a very ruinous Condi lion, and in many Parts is not above 10 Feet wide, and that the same cannot be effirftually amended and widened by the Laws in being.

And he also fa id. That several Doubts have arisen upon the said Acts for repairing the Roads from London to East Grinfted, and to Sutton and Kingston; and that it is necessary to explain and amend the said Acts, and grant the Trustees for repairing the Lid Roads, and also the Trustees for amending the Cross Roads leading from Westminster Ferry, in the Parish of Lambetby ro New CV^some further Powers, in order to enable them more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them.

And he produced an Agreement, which had been en- tered into by the said respective Trustees; which

was in Substance as follows:

That an Application should be made to Parliament in this Session, to enable the Trustees for repairing the Road from London to East Grinfted\ and to Sutton and Kingston, to erect a Turnpike on any Part of the Camberwell Road between Newington and the House now in Mr. Banbury's Possession; and that 6c /. per Annum should be allowed by the said Trustees to the Trustees for the said Cross Roads for the Repair thereof; and chat Application should be also made to enable the Trustees for the said Cross Roads, to repair and widen that Part of the Road leading to Dulwich from Camberwell Green, through Camberwell, to The Fox under the Hill; and for such additional Powers to such respective Trustees as may be thought necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and make more effectual several Acts of Parliament for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Suffer and to the Towns of Sutton,zx\A Kingston, in the County of Surry; and to repair and widen the Road from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the lliil, being the Road leading to Dulwich, and, through Norwood, to Croydon, and other Parts of the County of Surry: And that Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Budgen, and Mr. Horjcmonden Turnery do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Aliens’ Chil- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ^e8, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Sub- jests to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read*

Vol. 26.

The House resolved iffelf in to a Committee of the whole Importing House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, Gum Senega# to whom the Petition of the Master Printers of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Master Printers of Great Britain of the Trade aforesaid, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert cook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr, Bacon have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harbord'i for the Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk E,statC3’ and Suffolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlements of Sir William Harbord Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2i° die F;

Anno 250 Georgii IT11 Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

MR. Clevland reported from the Committee, to whom Greenwich.

the Bill to render all Contrafts and Agreements, Hospital. which shall be made by the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at GreenwithTox the Purchase of a House, and certain Parcels of Land, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual; and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame; wa* committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pusey’s for veiling the Tythes a/id Part of the Glebe Land of the Tythes, Rectory of Pujey, in the County of Berks, in John Allen Pusey Esquire, and his Heirs; and for settling a yearly Rent, in Lieu thereof, on the Rector and his Successors; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, according to Order, re- OpeningYar-ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom mouth Port the Bill to open the Port of Great Yarmouth for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once Tead throughout, and then a Second time one by

5 Y one;

4#>

2i° Febru

4.1752,

one; and, Upon the QiMfftion federally put- thereupon, were agreed rb by the House;

Ordered, That the Biiii with the Atn^ndmertts, be id-

grofted.

Miller’s Nat. Sir John Furrier reported from the Committed, to* whom the ingrossed Bill, from the'Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Matthias Miller, was committed; That the ComiViitt'ee had examined the Allegation^ of the Bill, and found the same to be truearid that the Committee had direfleef hitn to report the Bill to the Hotrfe, \Vrthout any Amendment: Arid he delivered the Bill ih* at tfit ClrrKVTabft;

sr. Albans A BBT for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fatal!

Small Debts. Debts within the Borough of St, Albans, in the County of Hertford^ ami the several Towns, Parrfaes, Wards, Hamlets, and Places,. Within. the Liberty of St, Albans, was read a Second time.

Refohed\ That the Bill be committed to* Mr. West, Mr. Prowfo, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fane, Sir John Fwriter % Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Fracy, Mr. Campbell, Lord Father,v Mr. Bayntttn, Mr. Bacon, Mr..Lambe, Mr. Locke,. Sir Frauds Poole, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walpole, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wat hurt on i Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Gray, Mr. jClevlantL, Mr. Philltpfon, Mr. Fownfield, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Finch, Mf. Brijiow, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Ker, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Burrell, Sir Roger Funfden, Mr. Feltowes, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Powney, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Ch dries FoWnfoctid, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Borne, Mr. Kent, Mr; Gwynn,. Mr. Clayton, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Barrington, Mr. Aldwoith, Mr.-Myddelton, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Alderman Baker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of liertford, Bedford, Bucks, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Office of Ordered, That Lord Downe, Sir Henry Monro, Sir

Coroner. Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Hill, Mr. Compton, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Cox, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Barry, Mr. Myddleion, Mr. Bond, Mr. Colleton, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Mfton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir Dan. Osborne, Sir James Dafowood, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Knightley, Mr, Bertie, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Southwell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving a proper Reward to Coroners for the due Execution of their Office, is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Importing Sir William Culvert, according to Order, reported from

Gum Senega, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter Printers of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Matter Printers of Great Britain of the Trade aforesaid, was referred, the Resolution which the said Committee of the whole House had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Gum Senega be allowed to be imported, in British Bottoms only, into this Kingdom, from any Place in Europe, subject to a Duty to be laid thereupon.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution. be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whottv it is referred to confidet further of Ways and-Means for raisitig the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have Qualifying omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- for Office* ments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing farther Time for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,-An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and also»

Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Articles of Clerkship, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes,

Ordered, That the Lord Dtipplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and* desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do make the Report which was Constabla ordered to be received this Day from the Committee of Charges, the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing do'Constables, and others, the Charges of carrying Offen-< ders to Gaol', was committed.

Mr. Hay accordingly reported from the said Com-t rnictee, the- Amendments which the Committee had: made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ancj after-Wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House to Hat resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotrfe, to Manufeaui^ consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, alnd others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hates, and Hats mac& of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves; and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goarfc Wool, and other Materials, in and near the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of thfc said Trade in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Mar.chester, in the County of Lan-caster, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain 5 were severally referred 5 be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be- Account? of fore this House, an Account of Teas imported from Mid- Teas im-Jummer 1742, to Midsummer 1745, anc* c^e Duties of Ported* Custom paid thereon; distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of l eas imported from Midsummer 1745,to Christmas 1751; distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Duties ot Custom paid thereon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do laf before this House, an Account of the Duty of Excise paid on Teas from Midsummer 174,2, to Midsummer 1745* distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the Duty of Excise paid on Teas from Midsummer 1745, to Christmas 1751; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of Teas exported from Christmas 1742, to Christmas 1751,. together with the 13 Amount

15 Geo. II. 2t6^-2 2 f 451-

Amount of the Duties left' thbreupon;> cMihgudhing each Year.

«opply Bill; The Order of the Day being fead, for the House: to re* Sinking solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Fund. the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, oiit of the Sinking Fund's and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, therein also to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Funds for the Service of the Year 1752;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

National The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Dsbt. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the national Debt;

Otdcred> That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his- Majesty;

National The poftporiedv* Order of the Day* being read, for the Debt. House to* resolve'itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the national Debt s

Ordered, That the Account of all the publick Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, due or standing out at Christmas’ 1751 5 with the annual Interest or other Change's paid for the same s be referred to the said'Committfce.

Th'en the Hbufe resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker Ibft the Chair.

Mr. Charli&tr took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker relbmed the Chair.

M(r. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed' him to1 report, when Che Ffoufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Motning.

A Message from the’ Lords, by Mr. Waple, and Mr. Bolford:

' Mr. Speaker,

( Tittcnfor The Lords have agreed to the Ell, intituled, An Act Koad. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted' by T Wo Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways-between the Town and Village of Titteffor and the most northern Part of Talk on the Hilly in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford, without any Amendment; . And also,

Archer’* The Lords have pasted a BiH, intituled, An Act to Name, enable Michael Archer Esquire, and his Ifiue Male, to* take and use the Surname of Newton only; and to take and use the Coat of Arms of the Family of Newton': To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

i JLeqtte*’Nat. The Lords have pa(fed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

naturalizing Andrew Annibal LegttesTo which the Lords $fefire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sabbati, 22° die Fe

Anno 25° Georgii IT1 Regis 175,2*

Frayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants and Exporters of Bounty on Corn from Newport, in tht.IJleof Wight: And also, ^tedT*

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in and about p r e the City of Chichester, who are Exporters of Corn from the Ports of Chichester, and Portsmouth, &c.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally reciting the Provisions in several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Bounty payable on the.

Exportation of Corn and Malt; and alleging, That the Petitioners have bought, and exported from the said Ports respectively, under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Requisites, directed, large Quantities of Wheat* Flour> Barley, and Malt; but that the Petitioners have.not beenable to obtain Payment of the Bounty due to them for the said Com and Flour, which they have exported 5 the Receiver General of*

.. the Customs alleging, that he had not Monies

in his Hands arising fi-orm the proper Branches:

.And praying: the House to take the Premises into Considerationj and make such Provision for the Payment of the said Bounty-money, and also for the better and more effectoal Payment of such as shall become due by virtue of the said Acts, as to the

House shall seem julh And the said Petitions/ were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to Leeds to Hal* whom the Bill for explaining, and amending so much of lifax Road, an Act, passed indie 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the

Townof Selby, in die West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several r Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other _ through Bowling and Wibjey, to the Town of HallifaXy in the same Riding*, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Hallifax, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to* the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by , one; and Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed! to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrafted.

Am ingrafted Bill to open the Port of Great Yarmouth OpeningY* for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Port Ireland, was read the Third time. Wool

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be.

An Act to open the Port of Great Yarmouth for the Importation, of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland\

OrderedThat Mr. Horatio Walpole senior do carry the Ell to the Lords, and desire oheir Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from die tfat*lQnl| Moroing^Nine of the Clock. Commfreee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Debt.

to consider of the State of the national Debt, the Resolutions which* the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the* same were read; and are as foliowetk; ^/a?.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the several* Annuities of the Years 173*1* 1742, 1743> *744> 1745> and 1750, at the Rate of Thrctf.

Vq*. 16. Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the- Bank

45^ 22° Februarii. A. 1752,

of England be, with the Consent of the several Pro- Re/blved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, prietors, to be signified at any time between the 24th Day That, after the Fifth Day of January 1758, the Joint o {June next and the 5th Day of January 1753, con- S cock of the first-subscri bed Old South ^Annuities, with verted into One joint Stock of Annuities transferable so much of the Joint Stock of the second-subscribed Old there j the Annuity to be paid out of the Produce of the South Sea Annuities as shall be then uniatisfied, shall bfc Sinking Fund, until redeemed by Parliament, at not less made into One Joint Stock of Old South Sea Annuities, than 500.000l. at one Payment. Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Refofoed> That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, after the Fifth Day of January 1758, the Joint That the Proprietors of the Orders and Tallies, amount- Stock of the first-subscribed New Annuities, with

ing in the whole to the Sum of Nine hundred thousand so much of the Joint Stock of the second-subscribedNew Pounds, which carry an Interest or Annuity after the Rate South Sea Annuities as shall be then unsatisfied, shall bp of Three Pounds/w Centum per Annum, and are now made into One Joint Stock of New South Sea Annuities, payable at the Exchequer, may liibfcrihe the fime, between The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, the 24th Day of June next and the Fifth Day of January were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed 1753, into the new Joint Stock of Bank Annuities. to by the House.

Resolved\ Thar it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the

That the Proprietors of the Orders at the Exchequer, said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor which were made forth in lieu of Nevis and St. Chrtjlo- of the Exchequer, Sir George Lyttelton* Mr. Campbell fiber's Debentures, may subscribe the fame, between the of Calder* Mr. Grenville* Mr. Vane* Mr. Attorney 24th Day Of June next and the Fifth Day of January General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope* Mr. West%

1753, into the said new Joint Stock of Bank Annuities. and Sir John Barnard* do prepare, arid bring in, the

Resolved).That it is the Opinion of this Committee, fame.

That the several Duties and Revenues, which were

charged with the Payment of the said Annuities, be car- The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to Market Harried to, and made Part of, the Sinking Fund, after re- whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead- borough jferving sufficient to pay the Annuities for Lives at the Ex- ing from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, Road* chequer, and other Charges and Incumbrances on the through Desborough) Rowell) Kettering) Barton Seagrave, said Duties and Revenuesas also the Interest on such of and Tbrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through the said Annuities, transferable at the Bank, as shall not Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to T’be Pound, in the have been subscribed. Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon* was

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, committed, That the Committee had examined the Alle-

That the several Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum) transferable at the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Bank of England, which were first subscribed, be, with made several Amendments thereunto; which they had the Consent of the several Proprietors, to be signified at directed him to report to the House; and he read the any time between the 10th Day of October 1752 and the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Fifth Day of April 1753, converted into One Joint with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Stock of Annuities, transferable at the Bank; the An- the Amendments were once read throughout, and then nuity to be paid out of the Sinking Fund, until redeemed a Second time one by one; and upon the Question fe-t>y Parliament, at not less than 500,000l. at any one verally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to;'

Payment. and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed to by the House.

That the several Annuities, after the Rate of Three A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing.

Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, transferable That no Turnpike shall be erected within One Mile of

at the Bank of England* which were last subscribed, be, Market Harborough.

with the Consent of the several Proprietors, to be signi- And the said Clause was once read:

fied at any time between the 10th Day of October 1752 And the Question being put, That the said Clause be

and the Fifth Day of April 1753, converted into One read a Second time;

Joint Stock of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank; the It passed in the Negative.

Annuity to be paid out of the Sinking Fund, until re- Then several Amendments were made by the House

deemed by Parliament, at not less than 500,000l. at any to the Bill.

one Payment. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ingrossed.

That the Proprietors of the Orders and Tallies on the

Duty upon wrought Plate may subscribe the fame, at any A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Regulating time between the 10th Day of October next and the Fifth That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole Pawn-Day of April 1753, into the respective Stocks of Bank House, to whom the Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers, brokef$' Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings and Brokers, within the Bills of Mortality; and for rh<?. per Centum per Annum, as the said Orders and Tallies more effectual preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods, were subscribed, either to the First or Second Sub- is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause feription. or Clauses for the subjecting of such Pawnbrokers, as are

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, commonly denoted by the Name of Post-obit-men, to the , That the several Duties and Revenues, which were like Regulations and Penalties that are provided in the charged with the Payment of the said Annuities, or with said Bill for other Pawnbrokers. f

Interest for the said Orders or Tallies, be carried to, and And the previous Question being put. That that made Part of, the Sinking Fund, after reserving sufficient Question be now put;

to pay the Annuities for Lives at the Ephequer, and 1c passed-in the Negative. - \

other Charges and Incumbrances on the said Duties and

Revenues; as also the Interest on such of the said An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from the shrewfcu Annuities, transferrable at the Bank, as shall not have Town of Shrewsbury* through Elle/mere, in the County through I been subscribed. of Salop* and Overton) in the County of Flint* to kfmereRi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, was read the Thar, after the Fifth Day of January .1758, the Joint Third time.

Stock of the first-subscribedBank Annuities, with so much The Amendments following were severally proposed gf the Joint Stock of the second-subscribed Bank An- to be made to the Bill; viz.

nuitiesas shall be then unsatisfied, shall be made into One Pr. 3. L. 5. After " Merrington/ to insert u Ri Joint Stock of Ban& Annuities, cc chard Mnckleston of the Greenfields "

Pr. j.


25 Geo. II.

2 2° Febru

45 3'

Soathcote's

Leafing.

Pr. 5. L. 30. After u PcAtfe;" to infect cc and so in * proportion for any greater or Ids Number.0

Pr. 11. L. 18. After " Codnty" to leave out " or,'* and after #c Division" to insert " or Place."

Pr. 12. L. 28. After c< County" to leave outt( or and after u Division" to insert c< or Place."

Pr. 20. L. 27. After " County," to inserttc or Place." Pr. 48. L. 10. After " County," to inserttc or Place." And the said Amendmertts were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That , the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through EUefmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexbatfi, in the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcfi;c their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Committee or Committees of Thomas South-cote Esquire, a Lunatick, for the Time being, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates, in the Counties of Berks, Essex, and Surry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colleton, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Parker, Mr. Archer, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Allgood, Lord Harry Pawlet, Mr.

/#*, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Dowdef well, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Wm* Myddelton, Mr. Arundell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gar*, Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Clevland\ Lord Downe, Lord Barrington, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hampden, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Mr. Williams, Mr. Richards, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. for, Mr. Fazakerley> Mr. Provofe, Lord Strange, Mr. Budgen, Admiral Per non, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Lewis, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hodg-kinjon, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Kent, Mr. Laroche, S\tJohn Cujl, Mr. EUis, Mr. Saunde s, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gildart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of ifer&r, and Surry: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upori Thursday Morning next, resolve icfelf into a Corhinittee or the wl^ole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to African Order, a Bill for making Coctipensation and Satisfaction Company, to the Royal African Company of England for their Charter, Lands, Forts. Castles, Slaves, military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and for vesting the said Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves; arid military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for the Application of the Sum granted for Inch Satisfaction; and for other the Ptirpofcs in the Bill mentioned t Arid the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Gray, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Maintenance and Employment of poor Childrcrt within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

Maintenance

of Poor Children.

Knaresbo-toogh Road.

Amending'

Art for altering the Style.


Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldjborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to Xrreen Hammerton, in the same County; and for making the same a high Carriage Road; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 3 and\fter-wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put diereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing. That the Act shall not make void private Agreements.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year; and for correcting the Calendar now in Use; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vou %6.

Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom Shrewsbury the Bill for repairing the High Road from the Town of to ^ridge-Shrtwfbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by n0 Road* Muckley Cross, and through Morviile, to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Tinbead into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Hill, whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from the Roads* South East End of the Hedge on the Top of Tinbead Hill. in the Pai ifli of Edington, in the County of Wilts, through Tinbead, and from thence, by Ray down, through Steeple Ashton, and over Steeple Ashton Common, to a Place called The Aound Stone, in Trowbridge, in the said County of Wilts; and also from a Place called Flinty Nap, in the Parish of Coulston, to the Entrance of We/lern Down, in the said Parish of Edington, and from a House, now in the Occupation of Robert Godby, situate in a Lane called Trowlebridge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through Westwood, to Midford, in the County of Somerset; and also from Frejhford\ in the said County of Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Wilts, and through the same to the Foot of Combe Hill, leading to the City of Bath; was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put' thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

' The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Morpeth, Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing Road*v

5 Z foe

454 22° — 24°

the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar, or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of Morpeth, by er through Lon\ Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, in the County of North umberland\ was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being i'everally read a Second time, were, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Birmingham Mr. Archer presented to the House, according to Small Debts. or(}er> a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of imall Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer have Leave, to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of die Clock.

Luncs, 2 40 die Februarii;

Anno 25° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

Glenwelt A ® LL for repairing and widening the Road leading

Road. ix from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in the last SeflTion of Parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne. near Glenwelty to another Part of the Road (to making from Carlisle to Newcastle, upon Shi Aon Commony in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Blacket', Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Allgoody Mr.’ Lyjler, Sir William Middletony Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Robert Long, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gybbony Mr. Barrow, Mr. ~ Sandys, Mr. Ordy Mr. Gray, Mr. Jennifon% Mr. llardinge, Mr. De-lav al, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Boldy Mr. Chester, Lord Strange, Sir John Cujly Sir Thomas Halesy Mr. Gore, Mr. Newn-ham, Mr. Hume, Mr. Phillipjony Mr. Budgen, Mr. Hay, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Cornwall, Colonel Leighton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Brijlow, General St. Clair, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Rc bit Jon, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Laroche, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Williams, Mr. Turner, Mr. Shelley, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. John Gore, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pelham, Sir Lynch Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, West-norland. Lane after, York, Durham, and North Britain; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. T

Girardot’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat* naturalizing Andrew Girardot, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. BriJloWy Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hume, Mr. Saunders, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hay, Mr. Abraham Hume, Mr. Phillipjon, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Earle, Sir Walter Blacket, ‘Mr. Pazakerley, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Med/ifot, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Williams, Mr. Ro-binjon, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Strange, Mr. Page, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Turner, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Francis Pcole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Rent, Colonel Acourt, Mr. White, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Car-

Februarii. A. 17 5

michael, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Thomas Moflyn, Mr. Robinson Lytton, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Walpole ]umor.

Sir Wm. Beducbamp Prottor, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Belchter, Mr. Mackdy, Mr. Bond: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bacon’s for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Estate* County of Oxford, devised by the Will and Codicil of Nathanael Bacon Esquire, deceased, in Edward Bacon Esquire, in Fee-simple; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the said Will and Codicil; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Earle, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Chester, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mrl Lyjler, Mr. Thornton, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Harbord, Mr. Gore,

My. Medlicot, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Myddelton,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Hay, Sir Roger Newdigate, :Mr. PhilFpJbn, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Budgen,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Segijon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fel* lowes, Mr. Turner, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Horatio Walpole junior, Mr. Thombagh, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Kynaston',

Mr. Allgood, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Liodgskinjon, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Saunders, Svr Conyers D* Arcy,

Mr Yorke, Mr. Cocks; and all the Members who ferv£ for the Counties of Oxford, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Michael Archer Elquirt, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Newton only; and to take and use the Coat of Arms of the Family of* Newton was read the First time.

Refdvtdi That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harbord for Sale of certain Estates in the.Counties of Norfolk and Estates* Suffolk, comprised . in the Marriage.Settlements of Sir William Harbord Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath; and for purchasing other Estates to be ficttled to the like Dies in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Turner, Mr. Dalpole, Mr, Gybbon, Sir Wm. Calvert,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Hay, Mr.. pazakerley, Mr. Charlton. Mr. lyjler, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cayley, Sir Ed* wund Thomas § , Mr. :Whubcot, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Robin'-Jon, Mr. Sandysy Mr. Hay, Mr. PhtUijJon, Mr. Watfori,

Mr. Ker, Colonel Hobtei, Mr. Thombaghy Mr. Gray,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr, Gajhry, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Barrow,

Colonel Acourt, Mr., Anson., Mr, Myddelton, Lord Hobart, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Colonel Griffin, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Cary, Mr. Powney, t Mr. Hampden, /Mr. Saunders, Mr. Ellis, Sit* Lynch Cotton; and all the Members who feryc for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk:

And they are. to meet this Afternoon at Five Ot the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.;

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Preston to impower John Preston Merchant, to make a Jointure Jomture on a^y fucure Marriage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Waltet Blacket, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Bacon,t Mr. ProwJet M.r Ailgood,

Mr. Chester, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyster, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr, Sydenham, Sir Roger Newdjgpte,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fellowes, Mr..Gybbon, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Turner, Sir; Wm. Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Moljvoprtk^*Mr.

12 Gray,

Sorry

Roads.

Canterbury Small Debts.

Conftahtos

Charges.

Benson’s

Divorce.

Hopton’i Estate.

25 Geo. II.

24* Febru

Gray, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hay, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Robinson, Lord Strange, Mr. C*y/ey, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkirfan, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gcr^, Mr. AlAwerti), Mr.

Grant, Mr. Mr. Pelham, Mr. tVitiiarns, Mr.

Ojwald, Mr. BurrellJ Lord Lyon? Mr. Sir

/frwry Monro, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Montagu-, ami all the Members who serve for the Coumies or D«r-bam, Northumberland^ Nottingham, Lancaster, Rod D*r4y And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock) in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.i&r^/Vzg* presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend arid make more effectual several Acts of Parliament for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinjtead, in the County of Stiffen, and to the Towns of Sfttton and Kingston, in the County of Surryar#d to repair and widen the Road from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, bcifig the Road leading to Dulwich, and through Norwood, to Croydon, and other Parts of the County of Surry: And the some was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Matthew Robinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more oafy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City ami County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingtofled Bill for the better securingto Constables, and others, the Charges of carrying Offenders to Gaol was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better securing to Constables, and others, "the Charges of conveying Offenders to Gaol.

Ordered, That Mr. Hey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Benson Gentleman, with Jane Board his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned,; was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a.Commitcee of the whole House jjpon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Gounfel, and examine Wit-hefles, for the said Bill; and also, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said ^Biij; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard, by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of Itombe, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Hopton Rfquire, and others; and laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of an entire Estate, to be settled to the same Ufrs; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to-Lord Harley, Mr. Proutfe* Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Lyjter, Sir John Gujt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Mr< Feltpwes, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Pytts, Lord Strange, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sergijon, Mr. Chester, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Roger New digate, Mr- ^iffl^k, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Mundy,. Mr. Pownty, Sir Walter, Blacket, Sir Edmund Isham. Mr. Ifownfhend, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Williams, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hay^ Mr. Wilkinjon, Colonel Madan, Mr. Gq/hry, Sir Joty Peachy, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Mackinjie, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Vot. 26.

'Amyand, Mr. Lewis, Sir John RamfJeh, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ker, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Webb, Mr. Bond, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kent,

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham,

Sir Wm Calvert-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Worcester, and Salop:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Scotch according to Order, a Bill for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown, unalienably; and for E atC8* making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of leafing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing future Disorders there: And the same was received; and read the First rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} ’*

T.lto5fc,.hcNo«,^w"-'- },<*.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Friday Morning next.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Scarborough whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Roads* the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the m f

County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid, w£s committed; That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be takenpnto Considerft-tion this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

r

A Bill for reparring the feviefal Roadstead ing from the Bromyar4[ Town of Bromyard, ra the County of Hereford, to several Roads. Places called Halfway Ash, in the Parish of Docklow, Herejordshire Lake, in the Parish of Whitbume, Perry Bridge, Sapey Wood, Bishops Froome, Wooferwood Gate, and Herefordftnre Lake, in the Parish of Bromyard, in the feme CoUhty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill bb Committed to Lord Harly,

Mr. PabHer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Walter Blacket,

'Mr. Pytfsf Mr. Allgood, Mr. Sydenham; Mr Rctbirjon,

Mr. Kffldfton, Mr. Northty\ Mr. Lyjter, Mr. Affleck,

Mt. Yo*ke, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Psowfe, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Clevland, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Which-ebt, Mr. Barrow, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cocks,' Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Chester, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr.

Grey, Lord Strange, Mr. Wilkirjtin, Sir Roger Newdi-ghte, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Kent, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gj£-bon, Mr. QJkvald, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cary, Mr. Gwym,

Mr. John Yorke, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Shelley, Colonel Acoutl, M r. Beckjord, M*n Townshend, Sir Thomas Robin-Jon; Mr. Medlicot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Salop, Gloucester, and Worcester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Pawnbroker* ^khc Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers, and Brokers, within

the

4 5 6 2 4° — 15° Februarii. 1752*

the Bills of Mortality, and for the more effcctual pre-

Venting the Receiving of stolen Goods; Martiiy 25° die Februarii\

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, o,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Anno 25 Georgu II Regis, 1752.

the said Bill. Prayers.

Admission of The House, according to Order* resolved itself into 2t ^tailah in Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate

Scotland* Doubts "that have arisen, with regard to the Admission

of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord t)upplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Sinking resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon und* the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fond, and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, therein also to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1752;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Means. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. .,

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may bav;c Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, uppn Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Scarborough The Order made this Day for taking into Consideratioti Roads. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid; was committed* being xead;

The House proceeded to t^ke the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hqufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

t

A PETIT ION of the Merchants and Exporters of Bounty on Corn from the City of Winchcfte?, in the County of Southampton: And also, pon

A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn) from Sbbrebam, in the County of Sussex:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally reciting the Provisions in several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Corn and Malt; and alleging, That ? the Petitioners have bought and exported from the said Places, felpe&ively, under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Requisites directed, large Quantities of Wheat, Flour, Barley and Malt; but that the Petitioners have not been able to obtain Payment of the Bounty due to the Petitioners for the said Com and Flour which they have exported; the Receiver General of the Customs alleging, that he had nqt Monies in his Hands arising from the proper Branches: And praying the House to take the Pre* mises into Consideration; and make such Provision for the Payment of the said Bounty-money, and '

also for the beccer and more effectual Payment of such as shall become due by virtue of the said Acts, as to the House shall seem just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed. That Mr. Shepley, from Duties oa the Commissioners of Ex.ife, attended at the Door; Tcti* } He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duty of Excise paid on Teas, from Midsummer 17 ^1, to Midsummer 1745, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Duty of Excise paid on Teas, from Midsummer 1745, to Christmas 1751, distinguishing each Year. . f I

And then he withdrew. i /

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Brifiow reported from the Committee, to whom Ginrdot's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat.

naturalizing Andrew Girardot,v/&s committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Billr from the Lords, intituled, An Act Miller’s Nat. for naturalizing John Matthias Miller, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from Admission of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Vassals in obviate Doubts that have arisen with regard to the Ad-million of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland,' and Payment of their Rents and Duties, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House $ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, In at the Clerk's T^Wc ft Whwfr the Amendments were 6ncc read through-

out;

25 Geo. II. 250 Febtuariu 457

out; and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bradfordj&c. An ingrossed Bill for the widening, amending, and re-Road. pairing, the Road from that End of Combe Bridge which joins the Bath Road, in the County of Somerset, to and through Winjley and Bradford\ and from thence over For-woods Common, and AJucbe/l Mead, to St aver ton Bridge, through Hilperton, down Guys Lane, and so far over Ashton Common as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford Bridge, to a Place called Ccckbill Gate, in the County of IVi: 'j; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening and repairing the Road from Combe Bridge, in the County of Somerset, to Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and from thence through Hilperton, and so far over Ashton Common, as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Alb ton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford aforesaid, to CockbUl Gate, in the said County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Nor they do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Office of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Coroner. j0 whom the Bill for giving a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Execution of their Office, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the Amoval of Coroners, upon a lawful Conviction for certain Misdemeanours.

Wyndham’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Eftaie. to impower the Guardians of William Wyndham Esquire,

| an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his

I Estates, in the Manor of Upbaven, and in Lufton, and

Odcombe, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, during

his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ling’s Bench A Petition of the Prisoners in the Kings Bench Prison Moo. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Prison in which they are confined is an old ruinous Structure, exposed to all the Inclemencies of Weather, equally during the Heats of Summer, and the Rigours of Winter* and at the same time so narrow and inconvenient, that the Petitioners are fometimescrowded to the Number of Seventeen in a Room; by which many Prisoners have died, for want of Attendance and Necessaries during their Sickness; which they cannot obtain, be their Distreflcs ever so great, or their Diseases ever so violent, in their present miserable Situation; and that, during the Heats of Summer, the Petitioners, through such crouding, are liable to pestilential Diseases, of which great Numbers of late have died; which the Petitioners, in some measure, attribute to the great increase of Prisoners of lare Years; by which the said Prison is become utterly unfit for the Purposes of a Gaol, and fatal to the Constitutions and Lives of the unhappy Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, upon applying for Relief to the Marshal of the said Prison, understood, that the Property of the Building belonged to the Publick; but that the Profits of the Prison went to private Persons, by virtue of a Mortgage of the said Profits, granted in the Reign of King Charles the Second, to William Lentkall Esquire, to whom, and his Heirs, the Profits of the said Prison were granted by the Crown, and which have been secured to the Afllgns of the Mortgagees, by subsequent Acts of the Legislature; and that, upon the whole, the Petitioners were cut out from all Benefit, but from Parliament; and that the Petitioners, as being the most distressed, and the most help-kfs Part of the Poor of this Kingdom, flatter themselves,

1 thatthey become hereby thcQbjects of the CarcsandCom-

passion of the House, especially at this Time, when the Relief of the Poor, is become the peculiar Consideration of Parliament: And therefore, under these most calamitous Vol 26.

Cifcumstances, fly for Relief to the CompafTiori of thi House, to save them from suffering, in a Land of Liberty, rhofe Miseries which are intolerable in themselves, and inconsistent with the Principles of Humanity; and praying for Relief, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition Be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear\to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Oglethorpe, Mr. Townshend\

Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Harley, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Colleton, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Gray, Mr. tiardinge, Mr.

Allgoody Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Fazakerley, S\rcJobn Barnard,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Saridys, Mr. Ky~ nafton, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Lyfler. Mr. Cfwald, Lord Dup* pBn, Sir John Turner, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Beck Ford, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Robinson, Sir George Lee, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Yorke, Mr. White, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Southwell\ Mr* Belcbier, Mr. Gore, Sir Wm. Bp.

Proffor, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. AVKenfie, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Cor newaU, Lord Strange, Mr. Wittes, Colonel Abercrombie,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Ncnhcy; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Mackenzie' whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of Sir George Mackenzie Knight, deceased, lying in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland, and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses* and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was commited; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commitcee; and chat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 26. Leave out " Third/' and insert cc Twenty-first."

Pr. 6. L. 6. Leave out <c One."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ac the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as. iolloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the 26th Day of March 1752, a Duty of Ten Shillings per Hundred Weight, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, be laid on all Gum Senega, imported from any Place in Europe.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And chat Mr. Charlton, Sir William Calvert, and Sir Charles Town field, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, Dirtemper a Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of che Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in thisKing-6 A dom:



Pusey’s Tythes, &c.

Dtke of

Ancaster’s

tllates.

Wicker’s

iillate.

Duke of Ancafler’s £ Hates.

Tower Ham lets Small D</bts.

45® *5° Februarii. A. 1752,

dom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the iiigrofled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Tythes, and Part of the Glebe Land, of the Rectory of Pusey, in the County of Berks, in John Allen Pu/ey Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling a yearly Rent, in lieu thereof, on the Rector, and his Successors, be now read a Second time;

It palfed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente,

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill be rejected.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett, and Mr. Eld:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying certain Defects and OmilTions, in a Settlement of the Family Effaces of Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kefteven, by enabling him to raise Portions thereout for his Daughters, in the manner therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Stepney, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Wicker Esquire, in him and his Heirs; and for settling Lands in the Counties of Sussex, Surry, and Kent, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of that Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrotfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for supplying certain Defects and omissions, in a Settlement of the Family Estates of Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kefteven, by enabling him to raise Portions thereout, for his Daughters, in the manner therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Tower Hamlets, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several principal Inhabitants, and other Householders, residing in the several Parishes within the Tower Hamlets, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said District; and also the Petition of the several poor Artificers and Manufacturers residing in Spittleftelds, Shore-ditch, Mile End New Town, and Bethnal Green, within the Tower Hamlets, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest: of the Artificers and Manufacturers, within the Parishes and Places aforesaid; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants, and poor Manufacturers, living in the Parish of St. Dunflan Stepney, and White Chappely and other Places adjacent, within the District of the Tower Hamlets, in behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants and Artificers within the Parishes and Hamlets aforesaid; were severally referred; that the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had heard the*Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place-, and a.terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Const-deration upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act wicker'* for veiling the Manor of Stepney, and divers Lands and Eikte. Hereditaments, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Wicker Esquire, in him and his Heirs; and for settling Lands in the Counties of Sussex, Surry, and Kent, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of that Settlement 5 was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making Compensation and Satisfaction to African the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter, ComP*Y-Lands, Forrs, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and for veiling the said Lands Forts, Castles, Slaves, and Military Stores, and all other their Effects* in the Company of Merchants, trading to Africa; and for the Application of the Sum granted for such Satisfaction; and for other the Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to restrain the making Insurances on foreign insurancesoo Ships, bound to or from the East Indies, was according to foreign East Order, read a Second time. India Ships.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con- South Sn fideration the Report from the Committee of the whole Bircftors. House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America: and for encouraging the Fishery, and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company; was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Regulation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers, and Brokers, r0 ers’ within the Bills of Mortality, and for the more effectual preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods;

A Petition of several Persons (under the Denomination of Pawnbrokers) whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, following that Business, and no other, was prefenced to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners follow the Business of Pawnbroking, to which Trade most of them were put Apprentice, by the Authority of their Parents or Guardians; and have been feme Years settled in Business as Mailers; and that the Petitioners ln/e large Stocks, and many of them large Sums of Money upon Credit, long Leases of Houses, and large and numerous Families, upon their Hands; and that the Petitioners have been twice examined by Committees of the House, upon their Petition for a Regulation and Establishment, and wete so happy as to give full Satisfaction to those Committees, both as to the Nature of the Business, and their own Practices; upon the Report and Recommendation of which Committees, the House, according to its usual Wisdom, parted Two Bills, both of which were accommodated to the Necertities of the Poor, as far as was then thought possible to be done, allov/ing the Pawnbroker ro get a Support by his Business; and the Petitioners being thoroughly

convinced.

Birmingham Small Debts.

TiuheadHill. ice. Roads.

25 Geo. II.

2 50 — 26°

convinced, that there is no Pofllbility of carrying oil Bu-finess upon the Terms of the Bill depending, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, in regard to their former humble and voluntary Submillions to the Sentiments of the House, and the undisguised manner in which they laid their Business and Practices before its Committees, and likewise in Companion to the Petitioners, and their Families, the House will be pleased to insert some Clause, or Clauses, in the said Bill, by which the Petitioners shall be enabled to dispose of their Stocks, in order to pay their just Debts, and to go into some other Business, for the Support of their Families; and that the Petitioners may have Liberty to be heard by their Counsel, in Support of their Petition.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved', That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.'

Mercurii, 26° die Februarii\

Anno 250 Georgii IIrii Regis, 1752. Prayers.

A BILL for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Archer, Mr. Go dolphin, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Strange, Mr. Colleton, Sir Dan. OJhorn, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Town-ftjend, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Mar-tiny Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilktnfon, Mr. Potter, Mr. Robinson, Mr, War bur ton. Sir John Cust, Mr. IVebb, Mr. Gray, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Earle, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Neale, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. West, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Page, Mr. Joliffe, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Owen, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Digby, Mr. Charlton, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Hill, General Oglethorpe, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir George Lyttelton; and all the Members who ftrve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads leading from the South-east End of the Hedge, on the Top of Tinbead Hill, in the Parish of Edington, in the County of Wilts, through Tinbead, and from thence by Raydown, through Steeple Ashton, and over Steeple Ashtcn Common, to a Place called the Round Stone, in Trowbridge, in the said County of Wilts; and also from a Place called Flinty Nap, in the Parish of Coulflon, to the Entrance of Western Down, in the said Parish of Edington, and from a House now in the Occupation of Robert Godly, fituare in a Lane called Trowlebridge Lane, in the said Pari lb of Trowbridge, through West wood, to Midford, in the County of Somerset; and also from Freshford, in the said County of Somerset, to Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Witts, and through the fame, to the Foot of Combe Hill, leading to the City of Bath, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, Vol. 26.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tin-head Hill, to the Round Stone, in Trowbridge, and from Flinty Nap to Western Down, in the Parish of Edington,. in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, leading towards the Cities of Brtftol and Bath.

Ordered, That Lord Harry Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from MbrpetK, && Long Horfiey Bar, or Gate, on the Post Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horfiey, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamifh, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; by way of Rider, limiting the Number of Trustees; who shall haVe Potoer to revoke any former Orders.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks:

Which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and; upon thfc Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be;

An Act for repairing the Road leading from LcngHorfelej Bar, or Gate, on the Post Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long H'orfeiey, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Crtfs, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry thfe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

The Lotd Dowhe reported from the Committee, to Scarborough whom the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, pier* employed in the Coal Trade, and also the Freemeni Land- -owners, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act,passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, was read, intituled, An Act for the Maintenance of the Pier at Scarborough, which directs, that Two Persons shall be annually elected by the Common Council of Scarborough, to be M afters and Keepers of the said Pier; who are impowered to levy a Fifth Part of the yearly Rent of Land, within the Corporation, for repairing, amending, building, and maintaining, the said Pier; with Power of Distress, in case of Non-payment.

And Mr. Timothy Otbie, Treasurer to the new Pier Duties, and One of the Capital Burgesses of Scarborough* informed your Committee, That several Tolls and Duties are granted for repairing the old Pier; which was confirmed by,

Mr. William Fowler, also a Capital Burgess of the said Borough, who had served the Office of Coroner; the Duty of which Office is to collect the Revenues for the / old Pier at Newcastle and Sunderland; which Duties amount to One Shilling and Four Pence on Foreign, and Eight Pence on Britifa Bottoms; and that the Chamberlains of Scarborough collect the Revenues on Lands; but the Witness does not know, that any Rate has been made in pursuance of the Act of Henry the 8th: That the Coroners, who are Two of the Common Council of the said Borough, have their Accouncs audited by the Common Council only.

But being alked the Question, he said. He could not tell whether any Owner of Lauds in Scarborough, charge- x able to the said Duties, might not be admitted to fee the Accounts:

That at the End of every Year the Coroners paid the Monies remaining in their Har.ds, of the old Pier Duty, to the Chamberlain of the said Borough* upon the Grccri Cloth, in the Town Hall, which is mixed with the rest of the* Town Revenues, in the Chamberlain’s Hands, and applied promifeuoufiy for repairing the Pier, paving the

Streets,

trough

ier.

460 2 6* Februarii. 1752*

Streets, paying Salaries, and other Services of the said Corporation.

Then an Act of the Fifth Year of his present Majesty was read, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York; whereby it appeared, That federal new Duties were laid on Shipping, for enlarging, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour of Scarborough; which Duties were to take place the 24th of june 1732, and to continue till the 24th of June 1783; and the said ancient Duties are thereby continued.

And Mr. Otbie informed your Committee, That he was appointed Treasurer for the new Pier Duties; and that Collectors were appointed for the Receipt of the same at Sunderland, Newcastle, and other Places.

Mr. Vincent, Engineer to the said Pier, being examined, said, That the Works of the new Pier were properly carried on, and with great Success, till the Year 1744 j but afterwards were not prosecuted with the same Vigour} for that, before the Year 1744, they employed between Thirty and Forty Men, and afterwards not above Twenty on an Average: And he produced to your Committee an Account, by which it appeared, that less Money was expended in each Year, from the Year 174410 1751, upon the said Pier, than had been expended in any Year, between the Year 1735 and the Year 1744: That the Reason for employing so small a Number of Workmen, from 1744 to the present Time, was, that they had a greater Fund of Money in the First Period of Time than in the last; and that, in the Year 1744, he had an Order from the Common Council to make a Head or Finishing to the said Pier, though it was intended, by the Plan of the First Engineer, to be carried out Forty Yards further-;

That it was his Opinion, That if the Pier had been extended according to the Plan, it would have been more serviceable; but that his Opinion was not asked on that Occasion, nor did he know the Motives of the Corporation for (lopping the Work} but the Work was put a Stop to at the Time they borrowed Three thousand Pounds to carry it on; and that he received his Orders from the Bailiffs, which they gave to him in pursuance of a Vote of the Common Council.

That the Opinion of People is different in regard to the Utility of lengthening the Pier} but that it is plain the Work has already answered, since the Act of Parliament only proposed to gain Six Foot Water, and they have gained '1 welve.

Mr. Otbie, being further examined, said, That he was one of the Common Council in the Year 1744; but was excluded his Right of voting on account of his being Treasurer of the Pier:

That the only Motives urged for borrowing Three thousand Pounds on the said new Pier Duties were to carry on the Work with more Expedition, and pay off the Tradesmen’s Bills: That he believes 3,000l. was accordingly borrowed, he having paid the Interest due thereon; but not a Penny of the 3,000l. was applied for carrying on the Pier; and that, if it had been applied for that Purpose, it must have passed through his Hands.

There was then produced to your Committee an Information in the High Court of Chancery, filed the 18th January 1744, in the Name of the Attorney General, at the Relation of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Scarborough, against James Hebd$ny Francis Go land, Christopher Har~ ufony and Thomas Lewen \ setting forth great Abuses to have been committed by them, in raising the Sum of Three thousand Six hundred Pounds, by Morrgage of the New Pier Duties, by virtue of a Power given to them by the said Act of the Fifth Year of his present Majesty, and by misapplying the same in discharge of Bonds and other private Debts and Engagements of their own: And the Prayer of the said Information therefore was, That an Account might be taken of what they had respectively received, either by the said Duties, or by Mortgage, Sale or Demise, thereof; as also of all the Sums they had respectively paid for the Use, and on account, of the said Corporation; and might pay the Balance, so that the fame might be properly applied for finishing and improving the said new Pier; and that such Directions, might be given for raising, collecting, and applying the said new Pier Duties for the future, as might be ft answer the Use of the Publick, and the End of the said Act.

There was then also produced, and read, to your Committee, the several Answers of the said Hebden, Goland, Harrison, and Lewen, to the said Information.

And, by their Answers, they severally admitted, That the Bailiffs and Burgesses, being in Common Council assembled, made an Order on 22d April 1743, thac Three thousand Pounds should be borrowed on the Revenue? of the Borough, by Mortgage } and that the same should be applied towards Payment of the Money disbursed in prosecuting, and defending, several Informations and other Prosecutions touching the Right of the said Corporation; but the said Order was never carried into Execution.

They then severally dated and admitted, by their Answers, That, on the 30th May, in the same Year, another Order was made by the said Bailiffs and Burgesses, in Council affem bled, That 3,600l. should be borrowed on the Duties payable at Newcastle, towards fnpporting, enlarging, &c. said Piers; and thac Parc thereot should be paid to William Crompton, in Discharge of the principal Sum of Six hundred Pounds, and Interest, charged on the Duties at Sunderland; and thac the Kcfidue fh Juki be employed at the Works of the Pier, and in discharging the Corporation Debts, in such manner as the House, meaning the Bailiffs and Burgesses, then afeer to be ai-sembled, should direct; and the Corporation was to be made Debtor to the Pier for so much as should be applied that way, with Interest.

They severally further, by their Answers, admitted. That, on the 10th of June following, the said Bailiffs and Burgesses, in Common Council assembled, voted, that, towards enlarging said Pier, and Discharge of said Debt of Six hundred Pounds, and Interest, due to Crompton, there should be borrowed of him 3,600l. upon the Duties payable at Newcastle by virtue of the said Act j and that a Conveyance then produced, being a Mortgage of the Duties payable at Newcastle for 3,600 /. to laid Crompton, should be sealed wirh the Corporation Seal; and that the Defendant Harrison, by Deed, under the Common Seal, should be appointed to receive the said 3,600l. in Trust, for the Bailiffs and Burgesses, and to sign a Receipt on the Back of the Mortgage Deed; which said Mortgage Deed was the same Day sealed with the Common Seal, and also the Authority to Harrison:

That it further appeared to your Committee, by the Answers of the said several Defendants, That the Bailiffs and Burgesses, being so affirm bled on the 2 2d of the same June, made an Order on the Report of Harriftn, thac he had received the Residue of the said 3,6001, after Deduction of said 600l. and Interest, that it should be referred to the then Bailiffs and Coroners (the Defendants Hebden and Goland being then Bailiffs, arid John Hi.ntrijs and Valentine Fowler Coroners) to direct in what manner the Money received of the said Crompton by the Defendant Harrison, upon the Mortgage of the Duties at Newcastle, meaning the Remainder of said 3,600l. after Repayment of the said 6co/. and Interest, by the said Crompton, should be paid in Discharge of the Corporation Debts; and that an Order, made under the Hands of the said Bailiffs and Coroners, or any Three of them, should be a proper Authority to the Defendant Harrison to pay any Part of the said Money, pursuant to the said Orders and Deeds.

They further admitted, by their Answers, That the Defendant Hebden, and the other Defendant Goland, being then Bailiffs, and the said Huntrifs being One of the Two Coroners, being Three of the Two Bailiffs and Two Coroners, at several Times, during their respedhve Continuance in their said Offices, by Word of Mouth only, directed the Defendant Harrison to pay off, out of the Residue of the said 3,600 /. after such Deduction as afore-10 said

25 Geo. II. a6° Februarii. , 461

said, the said Corporation Debts, also frveral Debts to Mr. Richard Conyers, borrowed by several of the Capital Burgesses towards prosecuting and defending several In- ' formations, and other Proceedings, touching the Right of Election of Bailiffs and Coroners of the said Borough, and other Debts on that account; and also Money due to Mr. Coppmger for prosecuting, defending, and soliciting, several of the said Informations and other Proceedings; which Directions were given soon after the Defendant Harrison had received the said 3,600l. after such Deduction as aforesaid.

And they do all of them severally admit, by their Answers, Thar, to the belt of their Remembrance and Belief, notv.ithstanding by the said Order of 30th of May it is expressed as therein mentioned, yet the Residue of the said 3,600l. after such Payment or Deduction as aforesaid, was principally intended by the said Bailiffs and Burgesses, then in Common Council aiftmbled, or the major Part of them, to be applied towards paying the Money disbursed in prosecuting and defending the several Informations, and other Proceedings, then lately depending in the Court of King’s Bench, touching the Right of electing annual Officers of the said Borough; and that Mr. Crompton declining to accept any Mortgage or Security trom the Lands, Tolls, or Rents, of said Borough, the said Bail.ffs and Burgesses came to a Refutation to mortgage the said New Pier Duties; and for that Purpose made the said Order of the 30th of May.

And, by their Answers, they all admit, That the said Sum of 3,600 /. was borrowed at 5 per Cent.

And the said several Defendants acknowledged themselves, by their said Answers, to be Officers of the said Corporation at the Time cf borrowing the said 3,600l. by Mortgage of the said Pier Du As, as follows; viz. the said Hebden lcnior Bailiff, the said Goland]ur\\or Bailiff, and the said Lewen a Capital Burgess, and the said Har-rijtn Town-Clerk of the said Town.

And the Defendants Hebden and Goland more particularly set forth, in their Answers, the Names of several Persons, whose Bonds had been discharged out of the said Three thousand Six hundred Pounds; which Bonds had been entered into by several of the Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, and others, for carrying on and defending the said Informations and Proceedings.

And the said Hebden, Goland, and Lewen, by their said Answers, did severally admit. That the enlarging the said Pier had not, for about Two Years then last part, been proceeded in, or carried on, with the same Number of Labourers, or same Dispatch, as some time before; but had been for that time, in a great manner, neglected, and vas then unfinished; and both the said Hebden and Goland did severally admit, by their laid Answers, That there was a Diicontinuance in the Works of the said Newr Pier, caused by the Application of the said 3.600l. as aforesaid.

And the said Harrison admitted, by his Answer, That by mean* of the Misapplication of the Lid 3,600l. the New Pier had been neglected, and was then unfinished, and the good Ends proposed by Parliament, in lbme measure, defeated; and the Lives of some of his Majesty's Subjects endangered thereby.

And the said Harrison, by his Answer, admitted, Thar, out of the said 3,600l. he had paid to Doctor Richard Conyers several Sums of Money, inserted in the Schedule to his Answer; and that the Securities for the said Debts were assigned to him.

And the said Defendant Lewen, by his Answer, said, That the Commissioners named in the Act, and thereby authorized, never meant to put the Powers verted in them into Execution; and he submitted,by his Answer, whether the Relators in the said Suit were proper Parties to call him to an Account, and whether he is accountable to his Majesty's said Attorney General; and he admitted, that he entered into Bonds, with others, to the said Conyers, for 1,900l. for the Purposes aforesaid.

And the said Harrison informed your Committee, That VOL. 26.

the Principal and Interest, due to Conyers on the said Bond, sc had been discharged out of the said 3,600l.

And the said Hebden, by a Schedule to his Answer annexed, did admit, That he had received of the said Harrison 500l. and of onz IJaacfon 100l. of the New Duty payable at Newcastle.

And the said Golond, by a Schedule to his Answer annexed, did also admit, That he had received of the said New Pier Duties the Sum of 120/. 19s. 4d.

And the said Ha.rijon, by his Answer read to your Committee, did admit he had retained to himself Parr of the said 3,600 /. in Part of his Charges in the Law, as Solicitor in the said Informations and Proceedings; and submitted his Right to retain th* fame.

Then Mr. Chrijhpher Harrison, Town Clerk of the said Borough, produced to your Committee an Order of the 30th of May 1743, on a loose Half-(beet of Paper; in the following Words.

At the Town-hall of the Borough of Scarborough, the 30th of May 1743.

Ordered, That 3,600l. may be borrowed upon the Duties payable at Newcastle, towards the supporting, en-. larging, &c. of Scarborough Piers; ihat Parc thereof shall be paid to Mr. William Crompton, in Discharge of the principal Sum of 600l. and Interest due for the lame, charged upon the said Duties at Sunderland; the Residue thereof be employed in the Works of the Pier, and in discharging such Debts of the Corporation as the House shall direct; and the Corporation to be made Debtor to the Pier Stock, for so much as shall be applied that way, with Interest.

Then he produced to your Committee another Entry on a loose Sheet of Paper; which was read as follows: ioth June 1743. The Bailiffs and Burgesses, in Common Council afiTembled, voted, ordered, and agreed. That towards the repairing and enlarging the Pier of Scarborough, and towards the Discharge of a Debt of 600l. and the Interest thereof, due to Mr. William Crompton, upon the Duties payable at Sunderland, by virtue of the late Act for enlarging Scarborough Piers, there shall be borrowed of Mr. William Crompton 3,60c/. upon the Duties payable at Newcafrle to the said Bailiffs and Burgesses by virtue of the said Act; that the Conveyance now produced, being a Mortgage of the Duties payable ac Newcastle, &c. for 3,600 /. to the said William Crompton, shall be sealed with the Common Seal:

That Christopher Harrison be appointed, by Deed, under the Seal of the Corporation, to receive :he said 3,600l. of the said William Crompton, in Trust, for the Bailiff, and Burgesses; and to sign a Receipt for the same on the Back of the said Mortgage Deed,

Being asked, Whv the said Orders were not entered in any Book; he laid. He had not entered them, nor any ether since that time, because many of the Papers were loft: That, from 1690 to 1736, the Books were regularly kept; and he produced a Book forthat Period; but from the Year 1736, an Interval of Confusion ensued in the Borough, Two Sets of Magistrates being chosen, and several Quo Warrantos issued; and that the Witness surrendered the Office of Town-Clerk, in order to be Evidence; and was re-elected in the Year 1737:

That the Corporation was some time after in great Confusion; that he, as Town Clerk, attended the Corporation in the Management of the Pier Duties: but was frequently abroad, and at such times another Person attended for him when Orders were made; and that he did not think it his Duty to enter them, because he could not find several of the Papers; but had no particular Orders to leave these out.

And being again asked, Why he did not enter the Order for borrowing the Money; he said, He could not lay; for that sometimes, even before the Disputes happened in the Corporation, he did not enter any Orders for Six Months together; which he owned to be a Neglect.

Being asked, Who received the Town Revenues during those Intervals of Confusion he had mentioned; he said,

6 B he

4^2

26° Febru

A 1752.

-ough he really believed each Party received what they could the Pier, he having paid it all away, except 47 /. which g t, both of the Town Revenues and Pier Duties, and ,he referred for his own Charges.

applied it as they thought fit.

Brinn further examined, he laid. That he was again chole Town-Clerk in the Year 174.?, or t hereabouts; and that theft Orders for borrowing Money on the New Pier Duties were made in May and June following: That about Michaelmas the Common Council disagreed, and

And btin£ asked, Jf he had Orders from the Bailiffs and Coroners for paying the Money in the manner he Had done* he said, That they met at a publick House, either the same Night, or the Day after, the said Order of the 2 ad of June was made , and he there received Orders, by W ord of Mouth, from Messieurs Hebden> Goland\

one Part of them laid the Money was misapplied; upon* and Huntrijs, to pay the said Money in Discharge of the

which he was forgiving^p his Office of*Town-Clerk; but did not resign it; and, in consequence of the Dispute, a Bill, by way of Information, was filed against him in Chancery for the Money.

And, in order to shew who were present when it was agreed to borrow the said Sum of 3,600l. on the Credit of the said New Pier Duties, he produced a Counterpart of the Mortgage, and the Names of the Parties to the same were read; who, he said, were all present at the making the aforesaid Order of the 10th of June for the borrowing the Money.

And being asked, Who were present at the making the Order for the Pier Duty to be a Security for the Money, he laid, He did not know; for that they never took an Account of the Persons Names present.

Then he produced to your Committee a Book, without any Title; out of which the following Order was read.

226 "rune 1743.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Bailiffs and Mr. Coroner.' to d rest in what manner the Money received of Mr. William Crompton, by Mr. Christopher Harrison, for the Bailrffs and but gcdies of Scarborough, upon the Mortgage of the Duty at Newe a file, shall be paid, in Discharge of the Debts of the Corporation; and that an Order, under the bunds of the said Bailiff* and Coroners, or any Three of them, shall be a proper Authority for the said Chrijhpher Harrison to pay any Part of the said Money.

BAng Iked, wno were present at the making of the ]aft mentioned Order, he said he could not tell; but that there were Twenty-eight or Thirty, as he believes; and th'nks the mo ft of efum were present who were Parties to the Morrgage: Then the Names of the said Persons being read out of the said Mortgage Deed, he could not po-fiti/Hy declare, that any of them were present but James Hebden and Francis Galand.

Being asked. Whether the Persons who made the last-rr.endoiicd Order for Application of the Money, were the same Persons that were present at making the Order lor borrowing it; and whether the Pcifons, who made the last mentioned Order, imagined the Money would be applied as it had been

He laid. He apprehended great Part of the Body thought that the 3,000 L was to be applied to the Pier, and paying the Trade (men; but that it was a Sum much too large lor those Purposes; and that it was very well known to several what it was to be applied for.

Being further asked, YVherher, as he was trusted with the 3,000l. he would venture to apply any Part of it without the Direction of the Corporation; he said, he had done it: That when he received Bills for the Money of Mr. Crompton, he gave Norice to the Bailiffs and Body Corporate, that he had received it, and desired they would give Orders how he should dispose of it, and call a House for that Purpose; in consequence of which they assembled, anu a Common Hall Day was appointed; and the Witness drew up an Instrument, and desired the Corporation would give him a Release, under the Common Seal, on the Payment of the Money into the Hands of the Treasurer: That he made this Propofil before the House was completely

Debts before-mentioned; but that he had no Order for ic in Writing:

That he paid 1,400l. to Mr. Conyers; and that Mr. Lewen, with several other Persons, were bound in Three several Bonds for the several Sums of 4001. 300l. and 300l. to the said Conyers.

And, being asked the Question, he said, He apprehended every one of the Persons so bound to be Principals in the said Bonds; and that an Action of Debt would have lain solely against any One of rhem.

And, being asked the Qncftion, he fa id. That he believed Mr. Lewen was present at the making the Order for Misapplication of the Money.

Being further examined, he said, That no Account had been settled between him, the Witness, and the said Bailiffs and Coroners, since he had paid the Money pursuant to their verbal Order; the Rea son of which was, that the Corporation disagreed, and one Part of them filed a Bill in Chancery against Messieurs Hebden and Go-land, and the Witness; but the Proceedings in Chancery were stopt by a Countermand, under the Common Seal of the Corporation: And the said Countermand was produced to your Committee, dated the 30th of December 1748, with the Common Seal affixed thereto.

And being asked. Whether any Order was made for' issuing the said Countermand; he laid, there was an Order made, but not entered in the Books; and, being called upon, he produced the said Order, in the following Words:

<c 30th December 1748.

" Mr. Matt. Armfrong, Mr. Ben. Fowler Sailmaker,

" Mr. John Raine, Mr. Robert Grange, Mr. IVII-‘c Ham New ten, Mr. Christopher Clarke.

" Sir Dudley Ryder Knight, his Majesty’s Attorney c< General, at the Relation of the Bailiffs and Burgesses <c of the Borough of Scarborough, in the Cotinrv of €< York, Informant, against James Hebden, Chriflop her " Harr Jon, Th.mas Lewen, and Francis Golaud, u Defendants.

" We the Bailiffs and Burgeflos of the Borough of " Scarborough, in the County of York, Relators in this " Cause, in Common Council assembled, hereby order " you, and each of you, and your several Clerks in <c Court, to cease all Proceedings in this Cause, and <c hereby countermand all Warrants and Authorities cc whatsoever, given by us to you, or either of you; and <c discharge you from further intermeddling in any Cause <c or Action whatsoever touching the Paid Bailiffs and " Burgesses. Given &c.

" To Samuel Boroughs Esquire; to ]

<c Mr. Woodcock, to Mr. Ra.

" Be Jon, and all other Agents, u and Persons employed or afting as Agent or Solicitor, in cc the Cause above - - - ->

Ordered, That an Instrument to that Purpose shall <c be sealed with the Common Seal."

In order to prove. That the Commissioners, appointed by the Act of the 5th Year of his present Majesty, had

Upon the Motion of Yhomas Lewen.

full; upon which theifeveral Gentlemen, whd were Debtors not sufficient Power to oblige any Persons guilty of Mif-

to Mr. Conye. s for 1,900 /. begged of him not to deliver up the Money,but keep it in his Hands till an Order of the House should be made to dispose of it: That Eighteen or Twenty of them were sued by Mr. Conyers, who had lent :hem the said 1,900 /. on Bonds on private Accounts, for the Law Suits; and that, in consequence of this, the above-recited Oiderol the 2 2d June was made; and thatnot One Shilling of the said Money was applied to the Use of

behaviour in the Trust, to make good or repay any Monies misapplied, a Clause in the said Act was read: Then,

Mr. Otbie produced to your Committee a Book, containing the Accounts of the said New Pier Duties, and the Transactions of the said Commissioners j an Entry in which Book was read, dated September 25th, 1750, by which it appeared, that he the Witness was examined by

the

by L.

25 Geo. II./ 26° Februarii. 463

the find Commissioners upon Oath, and acquainted them pence of Stone was not reckoned in any Article in that

with the Vimplication of 3,379/. 8s. 4d. and he said, the Commissioners understood they had no Authority, by the said Act, to caii the Trustees to any Account for the Money; and he added, the Mortgagee is now in Possession of the Duties at Newcastle; and that he, asTreasurer, hath not received One Shilling of the Duties at Neucastle since the Mortgagee has been in PofifdTion.

Then the Agent for your Petitioners produced, and proved, to your Committee, a Copy of the Report of Mr. MonUigue, Matter in Chancery, dated the 5th of July 1749; by which the said Matter found, that there would be due ro I! ilium Crompton Esquire, the Mortgagee, on the 27th Day of the said Month of July, lor Principal, Inter eft, and Cost>, on his hid Mortgage, the Sum of 3,917/. Hi 2d. and he appointed the Defendants, the said Bailiffs and B ugefles of Scarborough, to pay the same to the said // il 'urn Crompton on the said 27 th Day of July.

And the fai<l Agents likewise produced, and proved, an Order, made by t:,e Matter of the Rolls in tr.e said Cause, dated the 9th; icy of November 1747; by which it appeared, that the iJefend.mtb we*eablblutely debarred and foiecloled of and from all l:qu ry of Redemption, of, in, and cc, the said mortgaged Prcnv.fes.

Your Committee, being ciefirous to obtain all the Information possible in regard to the Matter to them referred, thought j ioper to examine some of the Persons, who were Defendant* to the said I informations m Chancery, to know their Reasons for applying the said Money in such manner as is fc: forth in their laid Answers: And,

Mr Lewen laid. That the said New Pier was bunt with Stone taken our of the Corporation Lands; and that nobody but the Corporation had a Right to get it, that he knew of.

And being alked, whether, before this 3,000l. was borrowed, any of the New Pier Duties had been applied to pay for Stone, or that any Account had been taken of the Stone; he laid, he did not know that any such Demand had been made or ar.y such Account taken; for tha: the Corporation Lands are liable to pay for the Repair *> i f c! e Old Pier:

Thac he does not know, that there ever has been any Charge made for Stone before this Time, nor does he remember to have heard any talk of charging it; but that the Corporation have let a Lease of this, and all the Stone on the Coast, Two Years ago, at Two Shillings per Ton.

And being asked, whether these Stones, so leased by the Corporation, were the same with those used for the New Pier; he said, he could not tell; but took the Lease to extend through ali the Liberty of the Corporation.

And being further asked, whether ever the Corporation Jiad fold or talked of felling, any Stone before the Time he mentioned; he said, lie could not cell; but that the Ltflce now pays Two Shillings per Ton for the Stone; and that the Lease was granted since the Chancery Suit.

Being asked, whether the Lease he mentioned had been executed; he said, he could not tell: And,

Mr. Harrison, being examined to this Particular, said, that such a Lease was drawn, but never executed; the Corporation being divided: Then,

Mr. Leiven being alked, whether he let up this Claim of his own Head, or had any Direction from the Corporation to make it; he said, they had nor Time to call a Meeting of the Corporation before they came up to Town; but that he imagines the Corporation will infill upon their Right; but that he cannot say, that he ever heard this Claim made, before the present Complaint.to Parliament.

And being asked, whether the Corporation ever made this Claim at the Time of the Chancery Suit; he laid, the Corporation were Relators then, and there was no such Charge in the Bill.

Then Mr. Othie, being further examined, laid, He was present at the Time when the Calculation was delivered in of the Expence of building the New Pier, on which the Application to Parliament was founded; and that the Ex-VOL. 26.

Estimate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of Tork\ and for making the said Act more effectual: And that the Lord Downe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Comptroller, and Mr.

Cocke, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett, and Mr.

Eld:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Opening to open the Port o\Lancafterfox the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, without any Amend- wool.01 " ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ridley for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, Incl°sure-for inclosing and dividing certain Wattes and Commons, in the Manor of Ridley, in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Omberdey to exringuish the Right of the Lord of the Manor of lnciosure* Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, of keeping a Warren for Conie^ on Linall Common, the Birchin Valley, and the Lytb , and for securing to the said Lord the Rent now paid for the fame; and for annexing and uniting the said Bi chin Valley to several ancient Copyholds or customary Tenements within the said Manor; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bland’s vetting divers Manors and Lands, in the Counties of Lan- Eftats. ctjter and Chester, deviled by the Will of the late Sir John Bland Baronet, deceased, in the present Sir John Bland, in Fec-simple, discharged of the Trust of the said Will; and for settling an Estate, in the County of York, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act MackinzVs for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of Sir George Mac- Estate. kinzie Knight, deceased, lying in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to che fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Cleveland, from the Commissioners for executing the Papers re-Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented specting to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copy of a Report ^‘u,ldlnfc. a to the Navy Board of certain Officers of his Majesty’s Yards jyjed way0 at Deptford and Chatham, relating to a proper Place in the River Medway for building of a Lazaret.

And the Tide of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the most proper and effectual Manner of performing Quarantine.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sdfion.

Refolded’ That an humble Address be presented to his Scotch for- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- feitedEstatei. reftions, that the proper Officer do lay before this House, a Copy of the authentick Copy of the Register of the forfeited Estates in Scotland by the late Rebellion, directed to be transmitted by the Barons of his Majesty’s Exchequer there to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

' Treasury,

454

26° — 270 Februarii. 1752.

Treasury cr to the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, by an Act made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

Rent of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

fe^edEUaVes. Majesty, 1 h»l he wi‘j be grac»°l»flv pleased to give Di-redtions, that the proper Officer do lay before this IToule, an Account of all such Sums of Money as have been remitted into his Majesty’s Exchequer at PVefi-minster, from the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Land Rents and Casualties in Scotland, on account of the I flues and Profits of real Effaces forfeited to his Majesty by the late Rebellion'.

L*. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented ro his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-rediions that the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of all Salaries in Scotland, appointed by the Barons of his Majesty’s Exchequer in Scotland, according to the Directions of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, by virtue of the Laid Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Regulation of Fawn-brokers.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers, and Brokers, within the Bills of Morralicy; and for the more effectual preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House rtfolved icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles'Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Charles \Townshend reported from the Committee, Th:ic they had gone through ihc Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon cTuefday Morning next.

the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund j and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, therein also to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund; for the Service of the Year 1752;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wijPpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr Fold have Leave to make a Motion, it being Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bland'* for vesting divers Manors and Lands in the Counties of Eflatcs. Lancaster and Chester, deviled by the Will of the late Sir John Bland Baronet, deceased, in the present'Sir John Bland, in Fee-Ample, discharged of the Trust of the said Will; and for settling an Eft ate, in the County of T'ork, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro*

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Performance The Order of the Day being read for the House to rcfoh'C itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most proper and effectual Manner of performing Quarantine;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

facture nU" The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whole Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in and near the City of Chester, whole Names are thereunder written on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain; were levcrally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

SiTklngBl1: The or^er the Day being read, for the House to re-

fund. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Jovis, 2 70 die Februarii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

MR. Salushtry reported from the Comm?-tee, to $t. Margaret whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employ- and S:.John*« ment of the Poor, in the Parishes of St. Margaret and £v^nfter St. John the Evangelifi, in the City of Westminster; and °°r* for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes 5 was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commitcee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, upon Friday last was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master Printers of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes,

Linens, and Stuffs, whose Names are thereunto fub-lcribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Master Printers of Great Britain, of the Trade aforesaid, was referred; and which was then agreed to by the House; might be read.

4 And

Im porta tio* of Gum Senega.

25 Geo. II. 27

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followech; viz.

€i Resolved, That Gum Senega be allowed to be im-u ported, in British Bottoms only, into this Kingdom from any Place in Europe, subject to a Duty to be laid thereupon/*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemeh, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution, which, upon Tuesday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House; to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and Was then agreed to by the House, That they do prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuanc also to the said Refoluciori, Which, upon Friday last, was reported from the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter Printers of Silk, Silk Hand-kerchieft, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Matter Printers of Great Britain, of the Trade aforesaid. Was referred, and which was then agreed to by the House.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Adurefs for several Addresses of Yesterday (that his Majesty would Accounts. graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Copy and Accounts, therein rcrfpeftively mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Office of Co- Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom roner‘ the Bill for giving a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Execution of their Office, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tsunton An ingrossed Bill fur amending the several Roads Roads. leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of So-merfet, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb do carry die Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leeds to H*/l- An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending so much Wax Road, of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradfordznd Horton, and the other through Rowling and Wibjcy, to the Town of HaUifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Partt>f the said Roads which lies between Leeds and HalUfax, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, pnfied in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wtbfey, to the Town of HaUifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads, which lies between Leeds and HaUifax.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Voi.. 26.

An ingrossed Bill to obviate Doubts th*t have arisen Admtifitffljf with regard to the Admission of the Vassals of the Prin- VaflTals in cipality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and s*otialMi# Duties, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act to obviate boubts that have arisen with regard to the Admission of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, £nd desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Calvert presented to the House, according Importation, to Order, a Bill to allow the importation of Gum Senega of Gum Sel into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe, Upon the nc®t4 Payment of a Duty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Tower Ham!} Corisideration the Report from the Committee, to whom lets Small the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Debts*

Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order W&$ read accordingly.

And the House being informed. That some further Examination may be proper to be made, in relation to some of the Matters contained in the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Corq* mittee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Infurancw di| to resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, foreign East upon the Bill to redrain the making Insurances on foreign ifldia8hlpH Ships bound to or from the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bertnet, and MK

Eldr '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Blau* enable the Right Honourable William Lord Blantyre, and tyrc^Eftaie^ the Heirs of Entail, for the Time being, to alienate, by way of Exchange or Excambion, certain Lands, in the Constabulary ot Hadington, and Shire of Edinburgh: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself into a ComiViittee of Infur&ncM 04 the whole House, upon the Bill to restrain the making Insurances on foreign Ships bound to or from the East 11 ia Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pfcafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, TTiat the Order made Yesterday, for receiving, Regulation upon Tuesday Morning next, the Report from the Com- of Pawn-mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulat- broken, ing of Pawnbrokers and Brokers within the Bills of Mortality; and for the more effectual preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wed* nesday Aiorning next.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for Benfofi'* the House, upon Tuesday next, to resolve irfelf into a V*

6 C Committee

'Amending

Act for altering the Sty e.

Accounts 6f Teas imported.

466 i*f — 28° Fehruarit. 175L

fcommittce of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Benjon Gentleman, with Jane Board his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Rejofaed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hottfe* upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House refol ved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year; and/or correding the Calendar now in Use.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Parker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Parker reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ve?ieri$i 28° die Februarii\

Anno Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door

‘ He wa* called in* and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Orders, An Account of Teas imported from Midsummer 1742, to Midsummer 1745 i and also,- an Account of Teas imported from Midsummer 1745, to Christmas 1751; distinguishing each Year; with the Amount erf the Duties of Custom paid thereon:.

And also,

An Account df Teas exported from Christmas 1742, to Christmas 1751; together with the Amount of the Duties left thereupon; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tablet to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are prefcrVed amongst the ofcbei'

Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. frorti the Accounts

Treafdry, attended at the Doof.j spefting

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to th* ^c.0t^0f" House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty, an *CKC Account transmitted by the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners . of his Majesty's Treasury, containing the yearly Rents of the forfeited Estates, the Amount of the personal Estates, and the neared Computation of the Debts claim* ed affecting those Estates, as also what Estates are totally claimed: And also.

An Account of all Salaries, in Scotland, appointed by the Barons of his Majesty’s Exchequer there, according} to the Directions of the Commissioners of his Majesty'* Treasury, by virtue of the Act of Parliament, of the doth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for vesting in his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors $ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were readj

And the said Accounts are as followed* vhn

AN

G

Goonl

D

cg‘

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

o

Ox

An ACCOUNT, transmitted by the Barons of Exchequer In ScotianA, to the Right Honourable the Lords CommiOToriers of his Miije(ly*s Treasury, containing the yearly Rents of the forfeited Estates; the Amount of die personal Estates and die nearest Computation of the Debts claimed affedUng those Estates j as also what Estates are totally claimed.

Yearly Rems of Value of the*

real Estates. perfoual EHates.

£ * 2. d. r

2,742 16 10A 9 12 0

519 18 10^ . c

3«o 14 1^. 3 14 6

3l* 5 22 6 10

vo, coo 0 0 Z_

2,000 0 0 {

r9 io\ 38 *6 2

770 7 4t\- - -

»4J »6 -

% 4it Y -

10 5 49S 2 0

3co 10 9

8o7 ,g - j

76j 16 x\ 16 iS d

3*o 7 ST\ -

478 4 7 - -

4°4. IO I [ v -

! 43 »8 - -

37 a 5 - -

S<667 7 4ij

v,cco 0 0

29 6 9f - -

4 0 0 3 0 0

43 17 9:? -

Jo 0 0 . 38 17 O

a6 12 0 - -

3^ *6 8 - *{

3 19 a _ W 1

29* *3 *ii -

S» 6 li -

*74 2 «T*5 -

26& 2 6 V -

729 |{ IO^j . - -

'CS 16'7- -

500 7

‘'6o 10 31 —

« r 5 - -

tV s «f 70 n l|i " -

L 5k — -

99 a 6 f -.

797 2 ij . -

30 & - -

7" 9T' *> t* 9i — -

1*7 0 8 -

*59 15 7i. -

8 4 . - X. - -

'9 345 >4

Estates, and the Persons attainted.

The Estate of Perth, first surveyed as belonging to James 1 Drummond Esquire, and since to John Drummond > Esquire, his Brother - j

Life-rented by his Mother*

The Estate of William Viscount of Strathedlctn D° - - of Alexander Lord Pitjligo

D® - - of David Wemyfs Esquire, eemmonly called 3 Lord Elchtr '

D°‘ -D® -D* -D° -D° -D® -I> . l)° -0° -D° -

n® -

n° -

i> -D> -

D° -D* -D° -D° -D° -D* -D° -

D°- -D° -D° -D° -Q* -D° -DP -

D" -

1> -D° -D° -D° ~ D’ -0° -D° -D°* -D° -D° -D° ~ D° -IP -

interest for Years

of William Earl of Kilmarnock.

- of Arthur Lord B.dmeristt

- of Henry. Car of Grade* - -

- of George Hamilton of Redhouft

- of ifoy Portioner of Rejfalrig

- of Sir Archibald Piimrofe of Dnnypace

- of Jcbrr Nairn Esquire, Galled Lord Nairn*

- of Lawrence Qiipbant Elder of £ /&

- of Francis Buchannan of Arnpryor

- of Sir^hwwj Kinloik -

- of Sir William Gordon of Park - e

- of Chariot Gordon of TerporJey

- of Franc it F arquharJon of Monalttry

of Hamilton, late Ea&or to the Duke of

Gordonw - j

- of Lord Lewis Gordon

- of John Henderson of Cajllemain -

- of John Gordon of GJenbucbct

of A/owj f/fy of Aljkcd. -

- of George Aberntthy

- ef Andrew Fortrans of BurnJhot

- of James Kic hollo n, Coffee-haufc Keeper in 1

Iff/* - - - -J

- of Eason M* Phtrfon of Clunia

- of JLprd George hlurrcy -

- of Donald M* Donald of Lochgary -

- of KaucJAun 'TfcLaucblan of M*Lauchletn

- of Lnavrenee Mtrter of Leth 'utdy

- of Robert Mercer of Atdie

- of James'St or month of Pit/candly - -

- of John M* Kinnon of M* Kinston

- of Lord Low a* —

- of Donald Cameron younger, of Loch:A

- of Charles Steasrart of Ardjheel

of Rbor.ald M' Donald of Clanyonald of RotUrrtk M'Culloch&f GleftuUcb

- of Dossald' M* Dan aid oP'Kinlohh-Moy dart

- of George Earl of Crom&rtie,

- of Allan Cameron of Callart -

- of Alexander MtG:llicrvraj of Dunniaglnfs -

- of McDonald of BariJ‘dab.

- of'Alexander McDonald of Glenftf'

- of Alexatoder Cameron of Dungallon

of LatyhlanJAhetnfhy Merchant in LnvtrnrJf

Ciainrs by Credi-

tors.

A d.

59,coo a 0

7*7*» n 4

400 0 a

206 L2 11

i4»o>5. 4

13»5C°- O 0

*.653 a 0

J,200 0 0

333 0 0

18.179 0 0

8.9*5 0 0

10,26 V 0 0

4,701 0

7°5 10 0

4-39® no 0

10,496. a 0

1,881 r

'57 0 0

9S3 0 0

362 0 0

n l 0

228 0 e

3.8-3 0 0

5,936 0 0

1,585 *0

3.15* v6 u

2-585 0 0

3,220 3% 0 0

11 0 . t

30,030 0 1 0

10,00 0 0

. 1.700 0 0

5*3oc> 0 0

9:0 a 0

2,30a 0

24,000 0 r0

1,200 a O

’ 676 0 0

277.127 4 8

Properties, Ur. by whom claimed.

By Thomeu Drummond of Logiealmondi

By the Widow, in Life-rent,. 166/. 131. 4V; /rr Amrnm

By Lord Piijligp himself, and also by the Mailer of Pitfiigt*.

By Francis Charteris Esquirr.

By Lord

By the Dowager Lady 22a/. 4/. $y d. per Annum By the Marquis of Lothian, on the Clan A£h Bankrupt, and under SeqpeUration before the RebeHiom.

By his Son.

Bankrupt, and under SequestYation before the Rebellion.

Deemed Bankrupt for many Years.

The whole by James Oliphant, as Heir of Entail, and Part by the Duke of Ahell^ upon the Clarr A&.

Part by Lady Arnpryor, as her own Estatei and other Parts by John E-rJhint Advocate, and Mr. Stirling, of Kilrxon the Clan Adv By David* James, and IViBiam Kinlotk, several as Heirs of Entail.

By Captain John Gordony as Heir of Entail, and Part by Earl Fisodlater^ on the Clan Act

t

By Farquharson. of IsruercauUy hut the Claims not fudained

Ity the Vlfcount of Stormont, upon the Clan Act.

The Debts far exceed the Value.

By James Hay, Writer to the Signetv upon the Clan A£L By the Widow, the Life-renter of some lioufc.

By the Widow, the Life-rent

By the Widow, One-third of hb Heretable Eftatr.

By Duncan MPlserfcm his Son, and the Duke of Gordon, on the Clan &&,

By his Lady, who was Heireli thereof.

By the Duke of Atholl, a Pari of the Estate, upon the Cljm ABr.

By his Son, who offers to prove, that his Father was killed at Culhde/rbefort the BUT of Attainder; and so not attainted

By Charles Mercir, and a Life-rentrof a Part of it, by C.brtjiinn Kinloch, Widow of Sir Lawrtnce Mercer.

By Mrs. Jean Mercer, Lady Aldie, a Part of the Ellate, as Heiicfs thereof.

By Thomas Stormonth, the Whole and the Life-rent, by Elizabeth Sarquhar.

Surveyed by Mklake, and havirg been claimed by the ituc MtKinuon, xvho had behaved loyally during the Rebellion, the Edatft was adjudged te him by the Court of Session;

Alexander and Archibald FraJer, yoonge* Sons of Lord Lovat, and Part of it by the'Duke'cf Argyll\ on the Clair Act.

By John Cameron, of LechieL and Part by the Duke of Gordon, and Part by the Duke of Argyll, on the Claa A&;

By Archibald Stewart his Son, and by the Dukeot Argyll, on the Clmt Act.

;By Ronald M'Dcnald, Life-renter, and Ranald M^Du^ald, Fiar. thereof, and the Duke.of Argyll, on the Clan A£h

By Alexander M*Donald, his eldest Son, and by the Duke of Argyll, on the Clan AD.

By George M'Kexzie, his Second Sou.

By W/llieun M Gillicisray^'hia tlBtfkBon.

By Dougal S:tinvart of Jppim.

By himself, vfoo^was lately fetat Liberty the Gafil*of EAmbue^h^ - { i:

Dated 25th January 17

fcgpcdl

J. W+

John CUrk, ihosuas. Kennedyi

Edward Zdlipy Jo. Maule.

ON

<1

15 Geo. II. 180 Febtuarii.

28° Februarii. A. 1752.

AW A CcbUNT'of all Salaries in Scotland, appointed by the Barons of*his Majesty’s Exchequer there, according

?the Directions of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, by virtue of the Act of Parliament of the 21 ft ear of his Majesty’s Reign, for vetting in his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; viz.

bavid Moncriife, Srcretarjr t a a 4

For a Clerk - *

Phillip, Auditor ----- a

For a Clerk -

WiveU Botelfr, Register - -

Fora Clerk -

Gfer*, Clerk of Discoveries - -

For a Clerk - - -» -

John M'Dougal, Accortipfcant -

For a Clerk -

William Elliot fcnior,}

and > Joint Agents and Sollicitors, at 100l. per Annum each

jftllliam Allfton , j

For a Clerk each, 30 /. per Annum - -

Pet Annum.

£. s. d.

X 100 — —

- 30 — —

- - 100 — >-

a* 3° — —

- 100 — —

30 — —

- 100 — —

at 30 — - —

- 100 — -

" 30 — —

- zoo — —

- , - 60 .

Rctvts of The House being informed, That Mr. Wilford,\ frorrt the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

ittr* He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a Papeh* containing a Return to an Order of this House, requiring an Account of all such Sums of Money as have been remitted into his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, from the Receiver-general of his Majesty’s Land Rents and Ca-fualties ih Scotland, on Account of the I flues and Profits of real Estates, forfeited to his Majesty by the late Rebellion.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was fead $ and is as followeth J

Vito.

To the Honourable the knights, Citizens, and Burgeflbs, in Parliament assembled.

Pursuant to an Address to his Majesty, by this Honourable House, Of the 27th February 175!, requiring an Account of all such Sums of Money, as have been remitted into his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster* from the Receiver-general of his Majesty’s Land Rents and Ca-fualties in Scotland, on Account of the Issues and Profits of real Estates forfeited to his Majesty by the late Rebellion, I humbly represent, That the Books of the Exchequer have been looked over, in order to make an Account accordingly; but it does not appear, that any Money has ieen paid into the said Exchequer,ort the above Account.

Exchequer,

iKUhFebruary 17 J2* Edward JVilford.

Shrewfbary An ingrossed Bill for repairing the high Road from the to Bridgnorth Town of ShrewJbUry, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morvill} to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 14. Before ci Richard," to insert " the Re- verend Master Adam Ottley"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pah: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville/ to Bridgnorth, in the4 County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sfrardofs An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Girardot, was read the Third time

kefohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bristow ad tarry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to rerider all Coritrads and Agree- Greenwich ments, which shall be made by the Commissioners of the Hospital, Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, for the Purchase of a House, and certain Parcels of Land, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital, valid and effectual; and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame; was read thd Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act to render valid and effectual all Concrads and Agreements, which shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital; and for ascertdiiling the Recompence that shall be made for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland do Carry the Bill to tho Lords, and desire thdir Concurrence.

1

Mr. Dowdeswellpresented to the House, according to Upton Bridji Order, a Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from th6 West End of Uptbn Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Glouetfer, and to the Parish of Colwell, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called the Rid Green, irt the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place Called Roberts*End Street, to Malvern Chace, irt the said County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refthed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com- Chandler’* mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti- Name, tuled, An Act to impower Richard Chandler Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their issue, to take and use the Surname of Cavendish, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Converts Order, a Bill for converting the several Annuities therein Certain At mentioned, into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

3 A Message

25 Geo. IL

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennely and Mr. Eld:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of Sir George Mackinzie, Knight, deceased, lying in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Lifes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and also Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Articles of Clerkship, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Meadows, of Narborow, otherwise Narborough, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for providing and securing Portions and Maintenance for the younger Sons and Daughter of Sir Thomas Heathcote Baronet: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

The Lord Parker, according to Order, reported from k^thebt^le" Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to S e e’ amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the L ords, intituled, An Act to

BUntyre’s enable the Right Honourable William Lord Blantyre, and Lutes. the p]cjrs of Entail, for the Time being, to alienate, by way of Exchange, or Excambion, certain Lands, in the Constabulary of H:\dington, and Shire of Edinburgh, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Knaresbo- An ingrossed Bill, for repairing the Road from KnareJ-rough Road, borough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldjborough Fields, Flax by, Allerlon Mauliverer, and Scale Moor, to Green Hammer ten, in the same County; and for making the same a high Carriage Road; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Laney Gouldjborough Fields, Flax by y Abler ton Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to Green Hammertony in the same County; and for making the same a high Carriage Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leeds, by An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from Leeds> Harrogate, through Harwoody to the South-weft Corner of the In-Irc. Roads. c]0furcs of Harrogatet and from thence, in Two Branches, (one through Ripley, over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaresbcrough and Ecroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water-course, on Hutton Moory in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs on the said Moor, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following v/as proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Vol. 26.

Pr. 60. L. 5. After " Ripon}' to insert " as also that c< Part of the said Roads which lies between Harrogate c< and Borough bridge, by Knaresborough aforesaid."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of J^eeds9 through Harwood, to the South-weft Corner of the Inclosuies of Harrowgate, and from thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Enrage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Rorougbbriige) to Rip on y and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water-course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of Yurky and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland Scotch for-to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to dilates, the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to establish the Method of leafing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and for preventing future Disorders there, was [according to Order) read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Six Weeks;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It was rtfolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,'upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- African ing next, resolve itself into a Committee nf the whole Company. House, upon the Bill for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of Englaudy for their Charter, Lands, Fforts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and for veiling the said Lands, Forts, Cnftles, Slaves, and Military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for the Application of the Sum granted for such Satisfaction; and for other the Purposes in the Bill mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning ways an(j next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Insurances whole House, to whom the Bill to rest rain the making df

Insurances on Foreign Ships, bound to or from the East 5^,

Indies, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Marshal of his Majesty’s Prison of King’s Bench Kings Bench do, Tomorrow Morning, bring, in safe Custody, William Teiv, now a Prisoner for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of King's Bench, to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Prisoners in the Kings Bench Prison is referred; and also to bring the said William Trwy in safe Custody, to the said Committee, at any other Time or Times, as the said Committee shall think fit to require the same: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Robtnfon have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

6 D

Narborough

inclosure.

Keathcote’s

Eitaie.

Amending

iMhckinzie’s

Fi’tate.

Qualifying for Offices.

And

47°

28° — -29° Februarii.

A. 1752.

Canterbury Small Debts.

Surry

Roads.

Drayton

Inclosure.

Heathcote’s

Estate.

And a Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the City, and County of the City, of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Math. Rob inf on, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Salusbury, Sir John Cust, Mr. West, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Bond, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Poore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel A court. Sir Francis Brake, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Town (hen d, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mundy, Sir P*/Vr Warren, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Robinfcn, Mr. Bsft, Mr. Gorc, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kent, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Bowdefwell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hodgkinfon, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Northey, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham, Lord Strange, Lord Parker, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. iVir-»ey, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Sandys, Lord Hobart, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mr. Medlicot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry,

and the Cinque* Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Bill, to amend, and make more effectual, several Acts of Parliament for amending the Roads from the City of London, to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry; and to repair and widen the Road from Camberwell Green, to the Fox under the Hill, being the Road leading to Dulwich, and through Norwood, to Croydon, and other Parts of the County of Surry; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Robin-Jo?!, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Belchier, Sir John Cust, Mr. West, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bond, Mr. Poore, Mr. Townftjend, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Williams, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colleton, Mr, Sydenham, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. ¥hornhagh, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Lowiher, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Charles Townftjend, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hodgskinfon, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Willes, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Barne, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Powney, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Cocks; and aihhe Members who lerve for the Counties of Surry, Sussex, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Brake have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for providing and securing Portions, and Maintenance, for the younger Sons and Daughter of Sir Thomas Heath-cote Baronet, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sahbati, 290 d Februarii j Anno 25° Georgii IldI Regis, 1752. Prayers.

MR. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Wade Ground, in the Hamlet of Drayton,

within the Parish of Ddventry, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time onC by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Scarborough Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Pier. Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, and for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Allgood reported from the Committee, to whom Alemouth, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from A!e- &« Road. mouth, to the Town of Alnwick, and by Lemington Coal Houses, and along Eddr.gham Bikes, to the Town of Roth-bury, and from thence to Col dr ife, and by Ewefley Gate, to Cambo, and Wellington, and by Kirkharle and Lit tit Bavington, to Colwell, Ch oiler ton, and Wall, to the 7'own of Hexham; and ali'o the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between Alnwick and Roth bury, to Jcckey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

A Bill for converting the several Annuities therein men- Converting tioned, into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferable cer.l?,n A»-at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking joi^stocku Fund, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was J read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, to whom Liverpool the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Small Debti. Debts, in the Town and Port of Liverpool, and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wickers

for E1Ule*

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Distemper

amonglt

Cattle.

Chippenham *c. Roads.

45 Geo. IL 290 Februa471

for vetting the Manor of Stepney, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Wicker Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling Lands in the Counties of Sussex, Surry, and Kent, in lieu thereof, to the Ulirs of that Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Robtnfon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Gore, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Locke, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wiikinfon, S\r John Cud, Mr. Fellows, Mr. Gray, Six Wm. Midd.etcn, Mr. Kynajlcn, Sir Wb. Codrington, Mr. Co/-Zf/0//, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Lyttletcn, Colonel HaAane, Mr. Brifiowe, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Anson, Admiral Knowles, Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gafflry, Mr. II illiams, Mr. Comptroller, Colonel Bojcawen, \!r. Tow jhetid-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sufflrx, Surry, Kent, and Middlesex, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, i to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain oum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund 5 and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, therein also to 1 e mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of cue Year 1752, was com: itted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and v% loch me' had directed him to repor: to the Houic and he read the Report in iv. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amenduicr.es, in at the Cleik’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read 0 1 n-gu- ur and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon tfv Qnrftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

0'de,ed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolied.

A Bill, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. AHgocd, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. IPilkinfon, Mr. Ctayton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Saudys, Mr. Mundy, Lord Dupplin, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyfler, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Rolinfon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Frowfe, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Lewis, Lord Hobart, Mr. IVodehouse, Mr. Richards, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Strange, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Beckford, Lord Barrington, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Anjou, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kent, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. IViUes, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. LafceUes, Mr. Bond, Mr. Morris, Mr. Pe bam, Mr. Ilodgskinfon, Mr. Morgan, Admiral Binge, Mr. Newnbam, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Gafory, Lord Parker, Mr. Mundy: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham, in the Counry of Wilts, to the Top of Togghill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Chippenham aforesaid, to the Top of Sodbury Hill, in the said County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee hard gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Yol. a6.

unto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the ocher Order of the Day.

Six William Middleton reported from the Committee, Morpeth to to whom the Bill, for repairing the Road leading from SdngCrofs the Town of Morpeth, by or through Milford, Tbropple, Road*

Long Witt on, and by the North Side of Rothlev Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elf don, in the County of Northumberland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day.

Colonel Haldane reported from the Committee,to whom Edinburgh, the Bill, for repairing the Pott Road from the City of &c* Road# Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boat H use Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kelfyib, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Pott Road to r»e City of Glajgcw; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the B 11, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s fable.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into ConfiJeration this Day, Mrer the House fliull have pfoCLeded upon the other Order of the Day.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Performance to resolve irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to °/ Quara°-consider of the m proper and effectual manner of per- une‘ forming Quarantine;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Memorial, from the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, dated September 27th, 1743, and proposing the building of Lazarets, <Ac. for the Airing of Goods then under Quarantine in Standgate Creek, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Report to the Navy Board, # of certain Officers of his Majesty’s Yards at Deptford and Chatham, relating to a proper Place in the River Medway, for building of a Lazaret, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell rook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; and had also directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon TJjurfday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Marshal of his Majesty’s Prison of King’s Bench King's Bench do, upon Monday Morning next, bring, Prl(on-in safe Custody, Joseph Wingrove, and William Bishop, now Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of King's

Bench,

J. 1754.


472 2Qb Februarii —

Bench, to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners in the Kings Bench Prison, is referred; and also do bring the said Joseph Wingrove, and William Bishop, or either of them, in safe Custody, to the said Committee, at any other Time or Times, as the said Committee shall think fit to require the lame: And that Mr. Speaker do issue ills Warrant accordingly.

Alemouth, The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera-c. Road. tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemoaih, to the 1 own of Alnwick, and by Lemington Coal Houses, and along Edlingham Dikes, to the Town of Rotbbury, and from thence to Coldrife and by Ewejley Gate, to Cambo and Wallington, and by Kirk bar le and Little Bavington, to Colwell, Chollertojiy and Wall, to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Ain-wick and Rotbbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; was committed] being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was difa-greed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Chippenham, The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration &c. Road, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham9 in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Toghill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Chippenham aforesaid, to the Top of Sodbiuy Hill> in the said County of Gloucester, was committed, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read;

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Morpeth to The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera-Roaf Cr°fS ^on l^e RePorcfr°in the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Mor-pethy by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Wilton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Eljdon, in the County of Northumberland, , was committed, being read;

# The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Edinburgh, The Order made this Day, for taking into Corisideration °a . the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing the Poll Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boat House Fordy on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk y and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kelfytb, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Post Road, to the City of Glasgow, was committed; being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 2° die Martii

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752*

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, for repairing and widening the Road Market

leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Harborough Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Ketleringy Barton Road* Seagrave, and Thrapflcn, in the County of Northampton, and through Bytborne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to Tbf Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Hun* tingdon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Tbrapfton, in the County of Northampton, and through Bytborne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to The Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the HarbordV ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale Estates. of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlements of Sir William Har-bord Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for supplying certain Defects and Omissions in a Settle- Ancaster’t ment of the Family Estates of Peregrine Duke of Ancafler aus* and Keflevcn, by enabling him to raise Portions thereout for his Daughters, in the manner therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange,

Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Downe, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wilson,

Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Haldane, Sir Wm.

Harbordy Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Charles Kem. lynte,

Lord Granby, Mr. Barbor, Lord Vere Bertie, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Faza-kerley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Mr. M: Kir,fie, Mr. Barry,

Mr. Belchier, Sir John Turner, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Mon-tagUy Mr. Clevland, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bold, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Carmichael, Lord Parker, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Phillipfon,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. FeHowes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Iiodg-skinfon. Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Town-fhendy Mr. Finch, Mr. Brijlowe, Mr. Curzon, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Williams, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Sergifon,

Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Peachy, Sir Roger Newdigate; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, and North Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

10 Mr.

t


D

25 Geo. II.

Bacon’s Mr. Horatio Walpole of King's Lynn reported from 'atc* the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, devised by the Will and Codicil of Nathanael Bacon Esquire, deceased, in Edward Bacon Esquire,in Fee-Pimple* and for settling an Estate in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the said Will and Codicil; was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Scarborough An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Road*. from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City o{York, to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York \ and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County of Scarborough aforesaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Malt on, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bland's An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vesting divers Manors and Lands in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, devised by the Will of the late Sir John Bland Baronet, deceased, in the presentSir John Bland, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Trust of the said Will; and for settling an Estate, in the County of York, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bold, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Briftowe, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Mount agu, Mr Gray, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Turner, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Potter, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilfony Mr. Barry, Mr. Hill, Mr. Leghy Sir John Cust, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Pooley Mr. Paimer, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Phillip/on, Mr. Willes, Mr. Hodgskinfon, Lord Downe, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Leslie, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Turner, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gybbom and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

473

impower Richard Chandler Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Ifiue, to take and use the Surname of Cavendish, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Amending Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating A&foralter-the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the 1Dgt 6 e‘ Calendar now in Use, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use.

Ordered, That the Lord Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Archer’s to enable Michael Archer Esquire, and his Ifiue Male, to Name-take and use the Surname of Newton only, and to take and use the Coat of Arms of the Family of Newtony was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harley,

Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Cust, Mr. Prowfey Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Strange, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mac-kenfte, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hume, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Go dolphin,

Mr. Wodehouse, Lord Parker, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gore,

Sir Francis Poole, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Warburton, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Townfhendy Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Salufbury, Lord Downe, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Sandysy Mr. Gybbon, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Wnt.

Middleton, Mr. 1Sutler, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Neale, Mr.

Gray, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Lane, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Ker, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Finch, Admiral Knowles , and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr.

Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill intituled, An Act for Duke of Dt* enabling William Duke of Droonshire to make Provision vonshire’s for his younger Sons out of his Estate in the County of E tc* Huntingdon: To which the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

20 Mar

h

1*

if.

t

if*

to


iin*

K

the

Lewes Mr. Sergifon reported, from the Committee, to whom Road. the gin for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, to Uckfieldand from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid to the Broil Park Gate, and from Offham, otherwise Wogham, to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parish of Fletching, in the said County, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Chandler's An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Nime- Vol. 26.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to scotch for-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon fcit$dEstates; the Bill for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown, unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establifti a Method of leafing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing future Disorders there; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

6 E Ordered,

474

Martii.

A.

1751

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

South Sea Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Directors. w|1Gje j-joufc> to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of t he Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and ocher Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fishery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company; was committed; be taken inco Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Aliens* Chil- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-dren. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty's natural born Subjects, to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

Hat Manu- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning fasture. nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned an the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in and near the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and the rest: of the said Trade in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade in Great Britain $ were severally referred.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, granted to his Majesty.

Insurances on That the Report from the Committee of the

foreign Raft whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the making In-India Ships, furances on foreign Ships bound to^or from the East Indies was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Lewes Road. The Order made this Day, being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, to Uckfield, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid to the Broil Park Gate, and from Offham, ©therwife Wogham, to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parish of Fletchingy in the said County, was committed;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Number of Trustees, who shall have Power to revoke any former Orders.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Quell ion put

thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

Pray e r s.

MR. Colleton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Committee or Committees o\ Thomas Southcote Esquire, a Lunarick, for the Time being, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates in the Counties of Berks, Effix, and Surry; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Hamlet of Drayton, within the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Hamlet of Drayton, within the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A6fc for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, devised by the Will and Codicil of Nathanael Bacon Esquire, deceased, in Edward Bacon Esquire, in Fce-limple; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the said Will and Codicil > was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole of King's Lynn, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House, hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Leques, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Frederick Charles Augustus Blomberg, an Infant of the Age of Sixteen Years, was prefenced to the House, and read: Praying, That his Name may be inferred in the said Bill,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Wit ton, and by the North Side of Rot hley Fork Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Eljdon, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitjord, Thropple, Long Wilton, and by the North Side of Rot hley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to 12 the

Scwthcote

Leafing.

Drayton

Inclosure.

Bacon’s

Estate.

Lequei’ Nat.

Morpeth Stirg Crfrff Road.

4sGeo. IL 4 ' Martii.473

the High Cross in Elfdon, in the Courtty ot tHortbumbfr* and also from Falkirk, to Kelfyth, ahJ to inch Bellie land. Bridge, on the Poll Road to the City of Glasgow; was

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill read the Third time, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Re/olved, That the Bill do pafsi Ahd that the Title be,

an Act for repairing the Port Road from the City of

VJcathcote’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and for providing and securing Portions, and Maintenance, Sterlings from the Boat-house Ford, on Almond Water, for the younger Sons and Daughter of Six Thomas Heath- and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from cote Baronet, was read a Second time. the said Town to Falkirk. and from thence to Sterling;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardinge, and also from Falkirk to Kelfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Townshend, Mr. on the Port Road to the City of Glasgow.

Torke, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bridgman, Lord Parker, Mr. Ordered, That Colonel Haldane do carry the Bill to

Dimmer, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir C#y?, Mr. Da&f, Sir Peter Warren,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Mr. Martin, Mr,

Colleton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Grjy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Which-cot, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Z)<m. Osborne, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. G6r/, Lord Hobart, Mr. CorFr, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Tracy, Lord Strange, Mr. Prowse, Mr. W'ilkvifon, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Dowdeswe/l, Mr. /fo/?, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. for, Mr. fo/r/, Mr.

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Sir

William Calvert, Mr. Horatio Walpole junior, Mr. Clayton, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bayntun. Mr. Lewis, Mr. Richards, Mr Carmichael, Mr. WiiJ'on, Colonel Leighton, Mr Mr. Warbur-

ton, Mr. /M, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Berkeley; and all the Members who serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Inportation A Hill to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into Se^a! this Kingdom from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment of a Duty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

PoftChaife The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Rates. whom the Bill for reducing and ascertaining the Rates for travelling in hired Post Chaises, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fc-verai Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to repott to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide ration upon Monday Morning next.

Convening Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

certamAnnui- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Scocks°^0mt r^c for converting the several Annuities, therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the.Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for ocher Purposes therein mentioned; be row read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker less the Cham.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported fiom the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and ma<Je several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pie ale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Edinburgh, An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Post Road from the *c. Road. City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boat-house Ford, on Almond Water, and from the nce to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling; VoL. 26.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty Welhmnfter of W^eflminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed on CourtHouse* behalf of themselves, and the general Part of the other Inhabitants, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is now depending for the purchasing or hiring a convenient Piece of Ground within the City of Westminster, and for erecting and fitting up a proper Court House, for the Use of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty thereof; and alleging,

That such Court House is utterly unnecessary for the Purposes mentioned in the said Bill, inasmuch us there is already a good convenient and sufficient Court House adjoining to Westminster Hall, within the said City, with which ihc Justices lor many Ages have been content; and that no Obstruction or Inconvenience hath ever happened from the said Court House, neither, till now, was the same ever complained of; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That, as they already labour under many Hard-ships, they shall not be further burthened with a new and unnecessary Tax; and further alleging. That the Petition, upon which the said Bill was ordered into the House, was carried about privately, and without any general Confutation or Consideration of the Inhabitants, with Intent, as is conceived, to impose on the Inhabitants* in general, as well as the House; 2nd submifting to the House, That in case the House. shall think fit to pals the said Bill, or any other for the Purposes therein mentioned (which the Petitioners hope they will not), the Trustees, for the Purposes in the said Bill mentioned, may be chosen by the Inhabitants in each Parish within the said City and Liberty, rn such manner as the House shall think fit; and thar the Justices may not be Trustees; and also that the Inhabitants may, in like manner, chuse the Collectors of the Rate* for the Purposes in the said Bill mentioned; and thar such Trustees as shall be chosen or appointed may be directed to take an Oath of Qualification, that they arc worth Pounds when ail their Debts are paid; and further expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That, in case such Bill should pass, the House wi.l think it reasonable, that the Trustees may be liable to account; and in case of any Aggrievance or Oppression on the Inhabitants, that an Appeal may lie, in such manner as the House shall think fit: And therefore praying, That the Lid Bill may not pals into a Law; or that such Clauses, for the Purposes above-stated maybe inserted in such Law, and the Petitioners relieved therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Scarborough Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to Pier, enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wiikinfon,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Gore, Lord Downe, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hay, Mr Tracy, Mr. stir-dinge, Mr. Hill, Lord Parker, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Salufbury, Mr. Nor they, Sir John Cust, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Turner, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Godolphin,

Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr Lyttelton, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Mar t in

4° Martii. . 1752,

Martin, Lord Hillsborough Mr. Lyster, Mr. Southwell, Mr. j&zr/i’, Mr. Hobiyn, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Barrington, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr.

IVaplole, Lord Harley, Lord Coi*, Mr. Gr^y, Mr. STbornhagh, Mr. IVbichcot, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. TownJJjcnd, Mr. Haw. Browne. Sir Mordaunt, Mr. Dow defwell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellowes, Colonel Ac our t, Colonel Haldane, Lord Strange, Mr. Finch, Mr. Buller, Mr. Anson, Mr. Torke; and all the Members who ierve for the Counties of Thrir, Dar-and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

carborough A Petition of the Capital Burgesses of the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the Bailiffs and other Capital Burgesses and Freemen of the said Botough, was presented to the House, and read 5 letting forth. That the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Borough, are seised of several Estates, Royalties, and Wastes, and intitled to several Rights and Privileges, within the said Borough} and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, that the Estate and Rights of the said Bailiffs, and of the said Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Borough, may be greatly affected by the said Bill, should the same pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, what they have to offer against the said Bill, so far as the same may affect the Estates, Rights, and Privileges, of the said Borough} or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel,before the said Committee, upon their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against: the said Petition,

St. Margaret An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employment and St. John's of the poor in the Parishes of Saint Margaret, and Saint YolS* J°hn the Evanlelifi>in the City of Westminster-, and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out a Proviso therein, relating to from the Word in Pr. 4. L. 11. to the Word in the Line of the same Press.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

114.

T*o fa d«Y«

Tdkrl for ,h' No", S mI: } 77-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

larnefley’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

£lbtc. vetting the real Estate of William Barnefley Esquire, de-

ceased, in Trustees, for the Benefit of William Barnefley Esquire, his only Son and Heir, who isaLunatick; and for railing Money to pay the Costs of* several Suits and Proceedings at Law, and in Equity, brought for Recovery of the said Estate: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter Taylors and Staymakers residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other the Matter Taylors and Staymakers within the same } and also the Petition of the several Journeymen Taylors and Journeymen Staymakers residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other industrious Journeymen working in the same Trade; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had heard the Petitioners, the said Mailer Taylors and Staymakers, by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel for the Petitioners, the said Journeymen Taylors and Journeymen Staymakers; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the said Petitions, as they appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to . the House 1 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown, unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of leafing the fame; and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland\ and preventing future Disorders there; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the I’7'"

TellersfbrrheNo^ £ ?"*- } 74.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers and Brokers within the Bills of Mortality; and for the more effectual preventing the receiving of stolen Goods; was committed; be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ?uefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Cattles, Slaves, military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and for veiling the Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and military Stores, and all pther their Effects, in the Company of

Merchants

Taylors and Staymakers,.

Scotch forfeitedEstate*

Regulation of Pawnbrokers.

African

Company.

5 Geo. It,

,0

5" Mariii.

Ml

Aliens*

Children*

WavS arid Means.

Merchants trading to Africa; and for the Application of the Sum granted for such Satisfaction; and for other the Purposes in the Bill mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Eiill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Rc-ign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Infuranccson Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of foreign Eatt the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the making India Ships. jnfaraficcs on forfign Ships bound taor from the East Indies was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdfwell have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Bill for repairing and amending the several Ronds leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Wor cester, to foe Parish of Tiriey, in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwell, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Rond to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Roberts End Street to Malvern Chace, in the said County of Wercefier, was fead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dow* dcjwtd, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Pytts, Sir Francis Poole, Sir William Ccdrmgtcn, Mr. Saiufys, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gybbcn, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Young, Mr. Prowse, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. FazakHey, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Williams, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Richards, Mr. Nor they, Sir John Cujl, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Harley, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Newnbarn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinfcn, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornton, Sir Henry Marshall, Mr. Lafcdles, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mitcbe'l, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hodgskinfon, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr Lev. Gower, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Kent, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Hardinge\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Upton

Bridge

Roadjj

Lord

B!.ititjrre*2

ElUtrs.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable William Lord Blantyre, and the Heirs of Entail, lor the Time being, to alienate, by way of Exchange or Excambion, certain Lands in the Corstabulary of Hadington, and Shire of Edinburgh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Pytts, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Richards, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. tun, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Ilardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Popham, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr, Williams, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Cufi, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hay, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Charles Townjhendj and all the Members who serve for North Britain 1 And Yol. 26.

they are to meet this Afternoon at Seven of this Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 d;

Anno 250 Georgii IIdI Regis* 1752.

Pray e r s.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act to open the Port of Great Yarmouth, for the Importation of Wool and Woolen Yarn from Ireland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerjct9 without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the Other through Bowling and Wibjey, to the Town of Hallifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Parc of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Halifax, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening and repairing foe Road from Comb Bridge, in the County of Somerset, to Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and from thence through Hi!per ton, and so far over Ashton Common as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashtoni o Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford aforesaid to Cock Hill Gate, in the said County of Wilts-, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tinhead Hill to The Round Stone, in Trowbridgeand from Flinty Nap to Western Down, in the Parish of Edingtcn, in the County of Wilts; and other Hoads, in the Counties of Wilts and Some set, leading towards the Cities of Bristol and Bath; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate, on the Port Road near foe Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whitting-ham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercfs Cross, in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intiruled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewflury, through Ellejmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing Wytbam on the Hill Infield, in the County of Lincoln j and for settling a Stipend on the Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Tythes: To which foe Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Opening Yarmouth' Port for: Irish Wool.

Taunton

Roads.

Leeds to Haliifax Road.

Bradford,&c. Road.

Tinhead Hill. &c. Roads.

Morpeth, See. Road.

Shrewsbury

through

Ellesmere

Road.

Wytham

IncloiWe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, for Inclosing and dividing Wytbam on the Hill Infield, in the County of Lincoln > and for settling a Stipend on the Vicar, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes; was read the First time.

Reformed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the LewesRoads. North End of Mailing Street, near the 1 own of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, to Uckfidd, and from the Norrh 6 F End

47s 5° Mar tit. 1752.

End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate, and from Off ham-, otherwise IVogham, to Sheffield Bridges, in the Parish of Fletching, in the said County, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 1. After " Reverend " to insert" Thomas'*

L. 6. To fill the Blank with if Matterand, after "Baynes," to insert " Fletching

L. 10. After " Reverend" to insert<c William " L. 22. After " Reverend" to insert " Robert L. 28. Before 0 Lewes" to insert " George."

Pr. 3. L. 5. After " Reverend" to insert " Matter ;" and, after " Porter" to insert (< of Chaiey."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out a Clause therein, relating to the Application of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, from the Word " notwithstanding," in Pr. 7. L. 10. to the Words<c And be it further Enabled," in the 34th L. of the same Press.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

Jt passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the said Clause was taken out of the Bill; Part of the said Clause being erased, and the Remainder cut off*, at the Table.

The following other Amendments were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 3. After " therefore," to insert " him or." Pr. 21. L. 18. After " returning" insert " ever so u often.*’

L. 23. To leave out " such," and insert <c any;" and to leave out " repass," and insert " pass <c the same Day.*

Pr. 37. L. 10. After " be," to insert " done."

Pr. 48. L. 36. To leave out" Nine" and insert " Fifteen.*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witch Cross, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid to the Broil Park Gate, and from Off ham to Witch Cross aforesaid, all lying within the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Sergijon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Alien:

Mr. Speaker,

&c. The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol and David Pratviel of London, Merchants: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Tonge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preventing of the horrid Crime of Murder; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

’ An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of William Bamcjley Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Benefit of William Bamejley Esquire, his only Son and Heir, who is a Lunatick; and for raising Money to pay the Colts of several Suits and Proceedings at Law, and in Equity, brought for Recovery of the said Estate; was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

&c. An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing Peter Auriol and David Pratviel of London, Merchants, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Burrell, according to Order, reported from the Performantt Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred of Quaran- to consider of the most proper and effectual Manner of tmc# performing Quarantine, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Manner of performing Quarantine, by airing Goods on board Hoys and Vessels, is not well calculated to prevent the Infection; and is inconvenient and expensive to the Merchant.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the better and more effectual Performance of Quarantine, a Lazaret should be erected.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Chedney Hill, near the upper Part of Standgate Creek, in the River Medway, is a proper Place for a Lazaret.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the present Manner of performing Quarantine, by airing Goods on board Hoys and Vessels, is not well calculated to prevent the Infection; and is inconvenient and expensive to the Merchant.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, for the better and more effectual Performance of Quarantine, a Lazaret should be erected.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Burrell also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, most humbly to beseech his Majesty, that he will order Plans of a Lazaret, with Estimates of the Charge of building and maintaining the fame, to be prepared, and laid before this House, at the Beginning of next Session of Parliament,

And Mr. Burrell moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, most humbly to beseech his Majesty, That he will order Plans of a Lazaret, wi'h Estimates of the Charge of building and maintaining the fame, to be prepared, and laid before this House, at the Beginning of next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Surry Roads, unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others,

Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and jead; alleging, That a Provision contained in the said Act, of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, whereby Carriages and Cattle, for which Toll hath been paid, are fub-jested to the Payment of Toll a Second time, in case of passing or repairing through any of the Turnpikes after Ten of the Clock at Night, during the Winter Half Year, hath been found very inconvenient; and that, if the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution were impowered to farm out the Tolls collected upon the said v Roads,

25 Geo. II. 5" — 6° Martiu

479

Roads, it would tend to the enabling of the said Trustees more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them; and that fcvtral Mile Stones have been erected upon the said Roads, by private Contribution, but such Mile Stones cannot be effectually secured and supported, unless the Property thereof is vetted in the said Trustees; and that it is nccefiary, that such Mile Stones should be continued-throughout the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill now depending in the House (to amend and make more effectual several Acts of Parliament for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sullen and Kingston, in the County of Surrey; and to repair and widen the Road from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, being the Road leading to Duiwich, and through Norwood to Croydon, and other Parts of the County of Surrey) for the amending of the said Provision in the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and forim-powering the said Trustees to farm out the said Tolls; and for securing and supporting such Mile Stones as are already erected'; and for the setting up of other Mile Stones upon the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wm. AJbe, Mr. Alderman Eetbell', Sir John Barnard, Mr. lonnereau, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Frank!and, Mr. Savage Mostyn, Sir Wm. Beauchamp P rod or, Mr. Zacbariab Fonnereau, Mr. Richards, Admiral Rowley, Mr. Sloper, Sir Peter Warren, Sir Bcu-chier Wrey, Admiral Townshend, be added to the said Committee.

Lirerpoole An ingossed Bill for the more easy and fppedy Reco-Small Debts, very of small Debts, in the Town and Port of Liverpool, and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third rime.

The Amendment following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 21. To leave out " or by any other Person <c or Persons whatsoever, being the rein."

L. 33. After c< Debtors," to insert " within " the said Borough of Ljverpoo/e, or Liberties thereof."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qucfiion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, in the Town and Port of Uverpoole, and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Place; and a/cerwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by qne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into §?.m^Sca Consideration the Report from the Committee of the ire or S* whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fishery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Qiieftion being put,

That the said Report be taken into Consideration, upon this Day Six Weeks.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Baker,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Benson’a whole House, upon the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, DlV0rcei intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Bcnjon Gentleman, with Jane Board his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Matthew Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Matthew Robhfon reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel, and Evidence, for the Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Tellers for the Yeas, }»£ TeHer, for the Noes,

V eneris, 6° die Martii;

Hopton’s The Lord Harley reported from the Committee, to Eilatc. whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of Icombe, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Hopton Esquire, and others; and laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of an entire Estate to be settled to the same Uses; was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Insurances Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Baker do make the Re-£afHC,*n P°rt> w^,c^ was orckred to received this Day, from the SWp5.ndia Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the making Insurances on foreign Ships, bound to or from the East Indies, was committed.

Mr. Alderman Baker accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Vol. 26.

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for enabling William Duke of Devonshire to make I>evon<hire’» Provision for his younger Sons, out of his Estate in the Estate* County of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Legge, Lord Duncannon, Mr.

Ellis, Lord Barrington, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Pelham, Sir Wm. Aiiddleton, Lord Coke, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Vane,

Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

West, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Walpole junior, Mr. Earle, Lord Strange, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Gafljry, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Warburton, Sir Francis Pooled Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. ;Sydenham, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Ctift, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hill, Mr. Webb, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

John Yorke, Mr. Phillijfon, Lord Trent bam, Mr. Martin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Lancaster, Derby9 Stafford, York, and Nottingham:

IL

tnfwer to Ud refs.

St. Albans Small Debts.

Birmingham Small Debts,

Admission of Vassals in Scotland.

Market

Harboroogh

Road.

Marquis of

Powis’s

Estate.

Eord Man-I'cJ’s Estate.

480 6° Martti. \ 1752*

ham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, most humbly to beseech his Majestyf that he will order Plans of a Lazaret, with Estimaces of the Charge c/f building and maintaining the fame, to be prepared, and laid before this House, at the Beginning of next Session of Parliament, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty /had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy an# speedy Recovery of ftnall Debts within the Borough of St. Albania in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Places, within the Liberty of Saint Albans> was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Iron Mailer, fot? certain Purposes therein expressed:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Trentham do make the Report Westmlnftef from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the purchasing Court House. or hiring a Convenient Piece of Ground within the City of Westminster, and for erecting and fitting up a proper Court House, for the Use of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City, and the liberty thereof, was committed.

The Lord Trentham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themfclve^ and the general Part of the other Inhabitants (which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Report should be received) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and', upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several Of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irr-grofied.

AMeffage from the Lords by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to obviate Doubts that have ari fen with regard to the Admission of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Arr Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from Market Harforough, in the County of Leicester, through Oejbo-rough, Rowe lit Kettering, Barton Seagravti and Tbrapfton, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to The Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering the Triiftees erf the Will of William late Marquis of Powis, to make Sales, Exchanges, and Leases, of divers Parts of his Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for making the Exemplification of the same Will, and attested Copies of the Inrolment thereof, Evidence in all Courts of Great Britain: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, br Grant, made by the Devi fees of the real Estate, lace of the Right Honourable Bujfy late Lord Manfd) in the County of Glamorgan, to Rowland

Mr. Charles Townshend\ according to Order, reported Regulatioriof from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers, and Brokers, within the Bills of Mortality, and for the more effectual preventing the receiving offtolen Goods, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dtfagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bril, for limiting the Times for Recovery of Forfeitures.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bilk

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed!

Mr. Allgocd reported from the Committee, to whom Glenwejr the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Roa<i* from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act: passed in the last Session of Parliament) from Car-life to Newcaft'le upon Tyne, near Glenwelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlfe to Newcastle) upon Sbildon Common, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Convening Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for s=«jinAa-converting the several Annuities, therein mentioned, into joint i!olk5 10 severalJ

Hit Mina*

fadare.

Ways and Menu.

Gltnwelt

Road.

25 Geo. II.

several Joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England\ to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House s and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofted.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers, apd others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, v/hofe Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, in Great Britain; and all'o the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in and near the City of Chester, whose Namcp are thereunder written, on behalf of thtmselves, and the rest of the said Trade, in Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Making and Vending of Beaver Hats, and Hats made of Conies Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunder written, on be-halfof themselves, and the rest of the saidTrade, in Great Britain; were severally referred;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising die Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Teas, imported from Midsummer 1 742, to Midsummer 1745; and also an Account of Teas, imported from Midsummer 1745, to Christmas 175 1, distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Duties of Custom paid thereon; be referred to the the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Duty of Excise paid on Teas, from Midsummer 1742, to Midsummer 1745; distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the Duty of Excise paid on Teas, from Midsummer 1745, to Chrijhnas 1751, distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Teas exported, from Christmas 1742, to Chri/ltnas 1751, together with the Amount of the Duties left thereupon, distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House rclblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordeud, That the Order, made this Day, fortakinginto Confdc'ration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Parr of the Road ^directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament) from Carlisle to Neicastle upon ‘Tyne, near Glenwelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlfle to Newcastle) upon Sbildon Common, in the County of Northumberland, was committed, be now read.

Vol. 26.

Martii. 481

And the said Order being read accordingly $ t The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second rime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to make a fylpupp, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the Housefaccordingly: j

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inrituled, AnA£t, Wyndhama toimpower the Guardians of> William Wyndham Esquire,:E te* an Infant* to make Leases and, Copyhojd Grants of his Estates, in the Manor of Upbayen, and in Lufton and Odcombe, in the Counties of Wilts' and Sotnerfet, during his Minority; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr* Northey,

Mr.ffardinge. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Popham, Mr. Cooked Mr. Affleck^ Mr.* Prowse, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Lyjler, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Charlton,

Mx.^ellawesy Mr.;Alderm[an Baker, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Strange9 Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Vyner9 Admiral Vernon,

'Mr. Bayvtan, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hampden9 Mr. Harvey%

Mr. Which cot 9 Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Talbot,

Mr. Kynajioq, Mr/ Allgood, Mr. Bacon9 Mr. Belchier,

Mr. Torke, Mr. Warburton, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor,

Mr. Beckford, Mr. Thifilethwayte, Mr. Bouverie, Mr.

Budgen, Mr. Hodgskinfon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset9 Dorset, and ~ )on: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Eight of Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,' Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, y° die Martii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

Prayirs.

R. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to Sorry Roads, whom the Bill to amend and make more effectual several Acts of Parliament for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston in the County of Surry; and to repair and widen the Road from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, being the Road leading to Dulwich, and through Norwoody to Croydon9 and other Parts of the County of Surry 5 was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the Cicy of London to the Town of East Grtnjlead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to reoort to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

6 G Mr.

C.

482 7° Martii. A. 1752.

Tower Ham- Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom

lets Small the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

ebt5* an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recorery of Small Debts, within the Tower Hamlets, was re-committed. That the Committee had made some further Examination in relation to same of the Matters contained in the said Bill, but not finding it necessary to make any other Amendments to the Bill, had directed him to report the Bill, with the Amendments, to the House. 5 and he delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the* Clerk's Table: WhereJ the Amendments were once read throughout } and then a'Second rime, one by* one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One , of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for flaying Proceedings u^on Payment of the Money demanded, with Costs, into Court.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,"be in-grofled.

Pjeveming A Bill for the better preventing of the horrid Crime of Murd.r. Murder was read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon 5

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill be committed j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways and Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted'to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same were read* and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued, until the 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 25th Day of December 1751, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fic to be continued, under proper Regulations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commirtee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colo~ nies in America) which was to continue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 17331 and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 1 ith Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence tt> the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, wa* further continued, from the Expiration of the said Taft-mentioned Term, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the chen next Session of Parliament; be continued.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America) which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of March 1735, unt'* c^e 25th E>ay of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the nth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further Continued, from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament} be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con- Taylors and sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master Taylors and Staymakers, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and ocher the Master Taylors and Stay makers wichin the fame; and also the Petition of the several Journeymen Taylors and Journeymen Staymakers residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whore Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other industrious Journeymen working in the same Trade; were referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken Into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Alient House, upon the Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise up- ^hildre* on an Act made and passed in the Eleventh and Twellth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-; born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townfloend reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning*

Nine of the Clock.

25 Geo. II. f Marti 483

Lori

Klan'.ei's

fcllate.

Luttce^ 90 <//> Martii; ’

Annb 25° Georgii II41 Regis, ijija.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease or Grant, made by the Devifces of the real Estate of the late Right Honourable Buffy lace Lord Manful, in the County of Glamorgan, to Rowland Pytt Iron Mailer, for certain Purges therein expressed, was read the First time.

£ efolved, That the Bill bo read a Secon4 time*

; j

Wytham An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, inttfuledl, An lndoiuic. Act for inclosing and dividing Wytham on the hjill Infold, in the County of Lincoln; and for settling a Stipend on the'Vicar in lieu of GJebe and Tyihcs; was read a Second time.

Refqlved, Thtic the Bill be committed to Mr. Potter, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Lyster, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. B\d-gen, Mr. Butler, Lord Parker, Mr. Martin} Mr. Wiikin-Jon, Mr. Hume, Mr. SanJys, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francif Poole, Mr. Charlton, Me. Carmichael, Mr. Efdsr Sir. Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Hcblyn, Mr. liar dirge, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scrgifon, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Cust, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Locke, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Bond, Mr. Thornbagb, Lord* Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Cocks, Mr. IViijon, Mr. Mon--tagu, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Allgood, Mr. John Torke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lajcehes, Mr. Thor Tit on, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Townftjend, Colonel AcGurt, Sir Edmund Thomas; and all the Members wnp serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Leicester, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scarborough A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Her. That the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York ', and for making the said Act more effectual; is committed; have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

It passed in the Negative.

Alemomh, ’ An ingossed* Bill for repairing and widening the Road &cRo»d. from Alemouth to the Town of Alnwick, and by Leming-Um Coal Houses, and along Edlingham . Li Ices, to the Town of Rotbbury, and from thence to Coldrife, and, by Ewejley Gate, to Cambo and Wallington, and, by Kirk -barle and Little Bonington, to Colwell, Chollerton, and Wall, to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rotbbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of North-Mtnberhnd; was read the Third time.

| Re/clved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be

An Act for repairing the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rotbbury and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rotbbury, to jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Ailgcod do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Southcote’i An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act idling, to impower the Committee or Committees of Thomas Southcote Esquire, a Lunatick, for the Time being, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates in the Counties of Berks, Essex, and Surrey; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Vol. a6.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marquis of for impowering the Trustees of the Will ox William late Powit’EfUie. Marquis of Powij, to make Sales, Exchanges, and Leases, of divers Parts of his Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for making the Exemplification of the same Will, and attested Copies of the Inrollment thereof* Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain; was read the First time.

Reftfved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barneflry'# for vtfting the real Estate of William Barncjley F/quire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Benefit of William Barnejley Esquire, his only Son and Heir, who is a Lunatick; and for raisipg Money to pay the Costs of several Suits and Proceedings at Law, and in Equity, brought for Recovery of the said Estate was read a Second time.

kefobvid, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Dowdejweil, Mr. Kynaston, Mr Torke, Sir Charles Mordaur.t, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Strange,

Mr. Cooke. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Robinson, Sir John Cust,

Mn. Sydenham, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lane, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Kem Tynte, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Salufbury,

Mr. Potter, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hcblyn, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr.itcu-thwell, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hay, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Home, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Haldane,

Mr. Ker, ’Mr. A//good, Mr. Town ft end, Mr. Oswald, Sir'

Fratfcis Drkk'e, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bond, Mr. Wilkinson,

Lord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. Prpw/e, Mr. Hilt, Mr. Gildart,

Mr. Bodvilie, Mr.-Brcwne, Mr. Thornton, Mr. WHJon,

Colonel Aeourt, Lord Bateman, Mr. Chester, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Mackworth, Colonel Monckton, Mr,

Vaughan, Lord Hillsborough, Lord Harley, Mr. Bold,'

Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Sandys,

Sir Francis Poole,- Mr. Williams, Mr. Barry, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Northey, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. John Torke; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Hereford, Hertford, Middlesex, and South Wales: And all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Benson’s difiolve the Marriage of Thomas Benfcn Gentleman, with Divorce. Jane Board his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, lb at Mr. Matthew Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill to amend and make more effectual gurry Roads, several Acts of Parliament for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and King-ft on, in the County of Surry, and to repair and widen the Road from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, being the Road leading to Dulwich, and through Norwood to Croydon, and other Parts of the County of Surry \ was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending, and making more effectual, several Acts for amending the Roads from the City ol Lctdon to East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry; and for more effectually repairing the Road from Newington, through Camberwell in the said County, to New Cross, in the County of Kent; and for repairing and widening the Road from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the Parish of Camberwell.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aurlol’s.^c. for naturalizing Peter Auriol and David Pratviel of London, Nat. Merchants, was read a Second time.

10 Resolved,

484

Martii.

A. 1752.

Duke of Ancaster'a E dates.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin, Mr. Cocks, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Oswald1 Mr. Hay, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mon-tagu, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bond, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Parker, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Wilkinftm, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hume, Mr. Robinson, Mr. West, Lord Strange, Mr. Charlton* Mr. Cooke, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Martin, Mr. Prowse, Sir Beauchamp ProSlor, Mt.LafeelUs,lftr. Torke, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Bold, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Kent, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Nor they. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Carmichael, Nix. Laroche, Mr, Chester, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fazaker/ey, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bury, Mr. townshend, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Walpole junior, Colonel iW- Mr. Lowndes, Sir /pA# Turner, Mr. Bodville: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ' - . r ’

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for supplying certain Defects and Omissions in a Settlement of the Family Estates of Peregrine Duke of An* cester and Kefteven, by enabling him to raise Portions thereout, for his Daughters, in the manner therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeat to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and' that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he.delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards, and

Mr. IJolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lbrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act toBridgnorth for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, R°ad. through Cressage\ Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cr'ofs, and through Morville, to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, without any Amendment: And also,

’ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Tbropple, Long Witten, and by the North Side of Rotbley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Ealt End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County to Scarborough aforesaid, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of I*eeds, through Harwood to the South-weft Corner of the Inclosures of

Saint Margaret and St. John’s Westminster Poor, &c.

Shrewsbury

Morpeth to

Stloi; Cross Road.

Scarborough

Roads.

ing to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for annexing certain forfeited Estate9 Scotch so*. ixi Scotland to the Crown, unalienably, and for making fcitcdEfUte* Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of leafing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing future Disorders there; was read the Third rime.

A Motion *as made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass; r The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

39-

Leeds to Harrogate, Icc. Roads.

MeijboWs

Nat.

Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (One through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knare/borcugb and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water^course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, without any Amende ment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Johan Meijbobm: To which the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefifcngers withdrew.

Poor Relief and Employ-

The Earl of Hillsborough presented to the House, accord-

Tellers for *.r^*;

Tellers for ,heNoes^XS^.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be. An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown, unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting to his Majesty a certain Supply Bill; Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for enabling his Majesty toiaife a further Sum of Money, therein also to be mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1752; was read the Third time.

Re/ohcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, oiit of the Sinking Fund j and Tor enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, therein also mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1752; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment of a Duty;

The House was moved. That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Guthrie, for himself, and Company of Merchants, in Dumfries, was referred, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followed; viz.

The Committee examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; the State whereof is as follows.

Milward Rowe Esquire, Agent to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, produced to your Committee the original Certificate of the Surveyor General, and Land-waiter, at the Port of Kircudbright; whereby it appeared.

That the Petitioners did, in the Month of May 1751, enter, for Exportation to France, 253 Hogsheads of Tobacco, containing 231,328 Pounds of Tobacco; for which the Duties had been paid and secured:

That the said Ship, in falling down the River of Kir-kudbright, was, on the 16th of June last, overset; whereupon the said Surveyor General, and Land waiter, attended the unloading of the whole Cargo, to prevent Embezzlement of the damaged Tobacco: That the said Surveyor, and Land-waiter, did attend accordingly, and saved 7,920 Pounds of dry Tobacco, which was delivered over, to them, and still remains in their Custody, and that the

Remainder

L»

25 GECf. II.

90 — I c? Martiii

t»oft Chalfc

Remainder of the Cargo was totally damaged, and burnt in their Sight, without any Suspicion of Embezzlement or Fraud.

It appealed likewise by the original Report of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, That the said Commissioners refused to grant a Debenture for the said Tobacco, so burnt.

Then an Act of Parliament, 12 Anti*, Cap. 8. Sect. 6. was read; whereby the Drawback is allowed for all Tobaccoes burnt in a Warehouse.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the said Janies Guthrie, and Company, in respect to a Quantity of Tobacco which was damaged in the Port of Kircudbright, in the Year 1751, and afterwards burnt, under the inspection of the proper Officers there.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks arid Apprentices.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reducing and ascertaining the Rates for travelling in hired Post Chaises, was committed;

A Motion was made; and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn5

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Six Weeks.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Westminster Ordered, That the Report from the Committed, to Com House. wj10m the Bill for the purchasing, of hiring, a convenient Piece of Ground, within the City of Westminster, and for crefting, and fitting up, a proper Court House, for the Use of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City, and the Liberty thereof, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Taylors and Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Staymakers. whom the Petition of the Master Taylors, and Staymakers, residing within the Cities of London and Westminstet, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other the Master Taylors and Staymakers within the same j and also the Petition of the several Journeymen Taylors, and Journeymen Staymakers, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Vicinages of the fame, commonly called the Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other industrious Journeymen, working in the same Trade, were referred, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Aliens Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Children, whole House, to whom the Bill to obviate Doubts, that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their

VOL.26.

Ancestors, either Hriealortollatfcfal, notwithstanding the if Father or Mother were Aliens, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An LvqneV Act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Lejues, was read a Nat* Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacottf Mr. Bodville, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Wilkinjon, Mr. Townshend, Lord Dupplin, Sir Win. CaL vert, Sir John Turner, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Torke, Mr Gray,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kynajhm,

Colonel Acourt, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Prowje, Mr.

Bond, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Cujl, Mr. West, Mr. Pcpham, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kent,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Chancy Townshend, Mr. Ftankland,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wil/on, Mr. Williams, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Allgood, Lord Parker, Mr. WaU pole, Mr. Willes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Peachey,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Martin,

Sir William Codringtony Mr. Palmer, Sir Thomas Rcbinfoni Mr. Mackay, Mr. Fletcher, Lord Strange: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petitloh of Frederick Charles Aw- Ditto, gujlus Blomberg, an Infant, of the Age of Sixteen Years (which*was presented to the House upon Wednesday the

4th Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to fie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said BH1J be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that they do adnfit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.: ’

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinjon have Leave to maki a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,’ Distcmpef to whom the Bill, for continuing several Laws therein amongst mentioned, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of Gatllei the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to explain* amend, and inforce, the said Laws.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovf Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mari is 1 10° die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IT1 Regis, 17525 Prayers.

MR. Bold reported from the Committee, td whom Bjari(j»s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lftates; Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands, in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, devised by the Will of the late Sir John Bland Baronet* deceased, in the present Sir John Blands in Fee-simple, discharged of the Trust of the said Will, and for settling an Eftatfc in the County of Yorkj in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commictee j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Duke of supplying certain Defects and Omissions in a Settlement AncaftCT'j of the Family Estates of Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and E atcs* Kejieven, by enabling him to raise Portions thereout for

6 H his

Birmingham Small Debts.

Prertou’s

Jointure.

Tower Hamlets Small &ebts.

Importation oF Gum Senega.

Aliens

Children.

I o° Martii.

M. 1752.

his Daughters, in the triannei* thereih mentioned, was read the Third time.

Ref/lved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords* and acquaint them* That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Art ingossed Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlets thereunto adjoining, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Refelved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritind, thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick;

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title qhereof, was filled up by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Walter Blackett reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intitule;!, An Act to impower John Preston, Merchant, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction? of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s, Table.

- An ingossed Bill, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Tower Hamlets, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill 1 viz.

Pr. 7. L. 10. After <c lawful,1’ to insert cc in either u or any of the said Cafes."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed irt the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Smali Debts, within the Tower Hamlets.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

wards delivered the Bill, with th£ Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Art irtgrofled Bill, for giving a proper keward to Co- Office of roners, for the due Execution of their Office, was read the Coroner. Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. lo. To leave out u Forty," and insert <c Twenty."

L 15. To leave out <c Forty," and insert <c Twenty;"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the If oufc: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for giving a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Execution of their Office, and for the Amoval of Coroners, upon a lawful Gonviftion, for certain MifiJemeanours*.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Coocurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to Tumpiks inquire into the Management and Application of all such,) . Sums of Money, as have been collected within Ten Years last past,by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highways; and to report the Mattery as they shall appear to them, together with rheir Observations thereupon, to the House; do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Mr. James Colebrooke reported from the Committee, to Wicker'i whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Stepney, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlefert, comprised, in the Marriage Settlement of John Wicker Esquire, ia him and his Heirs, and for settling Lands in the Counties of Sussex, Swry, and Kent, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of that Settlement, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, withour any Amendment: And he, delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment of a Duty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Charles Townshend, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and pafi*ed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Subjectsto inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, noc-withstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afeer-

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do make the Report from Canterbury the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the more easy and Small Deba. speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City, and County of the City, of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame, was committed.

Mr. Hardinge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to African resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Company, the Bill for making Compensation and Satisfaction ro the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter,

Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects wh.itsoever; and for vesting the said Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and Military Stores, ar.i all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants

trading

'25 Geo. IT. i o° — 110

trading to Africa-, and for the Application of* the Suni granted for such Satisfaction; and for other the Purposes in the Bill mentioned.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commictcc, J hat they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for providing, out of the Compensation-money, Recompence to the Commissioners to be appointed, by the said Bill, for the Inquiry by them made, pursuant to an Act of last Session, and also for the Execution of the Trulls to be reposed in therm by the said Bill, and for further providing for the Charges and Expences of obtaining the said Act of last Session, and this present Bill.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee* That they have Power to receive a ClaUfe, or Clauses, for the making a Provision, out of the said Compensation* money, for the Payment of the Charges and Expences of the Creditors, in their several Solicitations in Parliament; and also for the Payment of whac is due to the Solicitor of the Royal Afican Company, for his several Bills of Fees and Disbursements, since the 31st ot December 1749.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Alexander Grant, and RichardOfwald, for themselves and Company (which was prefenred to the House upon the 15th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Tabic) might be again read.

And the fime being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Names and DescripK tions of such of the Proprietors of African transferable Stock, as were possessed of the same on the 31st of December 174b, cogent with the Quantity of such Stock belonging to each Per n, agreeable to an Account which: was delivered by the said Company, to a Committee ap-

pointed by the Honourable House of Commons, in the last Srflion of Parliament, to examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee, i Ordered, That the Account of the Names and De-

i feriptions of such of the Proprietors of African trans-

ferable Stock, as have become possessed of the same Cnee the 31st December 1748, together with the Quantity of such Stock, belonging to each Person, agreeable to an Account which was delivered by the said Company, to a Committee appointed by the Honourable House of Commons, in the lati Session of Parliament, to examine, and state to the House, the Matrer of Fast contained in the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk t Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being rend;

Westminster Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

QircHoufa whom the Bin, for the purchasing or hiring a convenient Piece of Ground, within the City of Westminster, and for erecting and fitting up a proper Court House, for the Use of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, and the Liberty thereof, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

VOLt 26.

487

The Order made this Day, (ot taking irlto Coriflderation Camelry the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the Small Debts, more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Cityi and County of the City, of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame, was committed, being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken irito Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardih%e\ Mr. Cooke, Mr. Luki Scarborough Robinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hunter, be added Her, to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, ^intituled, An Act to enlarge, the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York) and for making the said Act more effectual, Is committed*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Mdrtii;

Anno 2$° Georgii II'" Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

AN ingrosstd Bill, for the more easy and speedy Re- St. Alban* covery of Small Debts, within the Borough of Saint T)ebtsj Albans, in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns,

Parishes, Wards, Hamlet6, and Places, within the Liberty of Saint Albans, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were (everally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. L. 29. To leave out ,r Borough or."

Pr. 20. L. 3. To leave out " be removed from.’*

L. 9. To leave out ct Removah"

L. 20. To leave out <c removed."

And: the said Amendments were, upon the Questiott severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within che Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards,

Hamlets, and Places, within the Liberty of Saint Albans.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bland's for veiling divers Manors and Lands, in the Counties of Ertatesi Lancaster and Chester, devised by the Will of the late Sir John Bland Baronet, deceased, in the present Sir John Bland, in Fee-fimpie, discharged of the Trust of the said Will, and for settling an Estate in the County of York> in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill, to allow the Importation of Gum Importation Senega into this K ingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon of Se* the Payment of a Duty, was read the Third time. n*£a#

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be,

An Act to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment of a Duty; and for Relief of James Guthrie, with ret^eft to the Duties paid and secured upon a Quantiry of Tobacco burnt at the Port of Kircudbright; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or ContrtdT of Clerks j*nd Ap* prentices;

Ordered,

488 110 Ma 175

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do tarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Converting An ingrossed Bill, for converting the several Annuities certain An- therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, nuities into transferable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Joint Stocks. Sinking Fund, and for other Purposes therein mentionedj was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint S tocks of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and alsofor coilfolidating the several other Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the South Sea House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chippenham, An ingrossed Bill for repairing arid widening the Rdads &c. Roads, leading from Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togghill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Chippenham aforesaid, to the Top of Sodbury Hilly in the said County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 24. To leave outcc between/1 and insert of within less than Two Miles of."

L. 25, 26. To leave out c< and the Stone u Pillar, called the Cross Hand"

L. 31, 32. To leave out<c aforesaid/'

Pr. 25. L. 22. To leave out " Heirs/’ and iftfett " Successors."

L. 36. After " thereof," to insert " into u the said Road or Roads, and the same Lands."

Pr. 34. L. 28. To leave out {C Monies borrowed <c on the Credit of the said Tolls respectively," and insert cc the Conient of the Creditors."

L. 29. To leave out ct paid," and insert <c had," and leave outcc satisfied," and insert <c the said Alteration be general throughout the said Roads respectively."

Pr. 42. L. 31. To leave out " after."

Pr. 51. L. 8. To leave out " or/' arid insert of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for Impairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridget in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Toggbilly in the County of Gloucester, and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid to the Top of Old Sodbury Hilly in the said County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bromyard The Lord Harley reported from the Committee* to Roads. whom the Bill, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to several Places called Hdlf-way Ash, in the Parish of Docklozu, Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Whilburne, Perry Bridge, Sapey Woody Bishop's Froome, Wooferwood Gate, and Herefordshire Lakey in the Parish of Bromyard, in the same County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Aliens An ingrossed Bill to obviate Doubts that may arise Children, upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and

Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects, to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors* either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father br Mother were Aliens, was read the Third time.

jRefolvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act* made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third* intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors* either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of Petition re-London,. in behalf of themselves, and all other Merchants of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; 12 0IU

alleging, That several Foreigners have, of late Years, beeri induced to come over into England, in order to obtain private Acts of Parliament, for their Naturalization, with a View to gain some Advantages to themselves, in point of Trade, and in particular to avoid the Payment of Aliens Duties on the Goods and Merchandizes which they transport from foreign Parts into this Kingdom; but having obtained such Acts, return back to their native Country, where they constantly reside* and cdnfequently bear no Part of the publick Taxes, nor in any manner contribute towards the Support of the State, or at all answer the Intention of the Legislature, which undoubtedly is, by grant* ing to Foreigners the Privileges and Immunities enjoyed by the natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, and thereby encouraging such Foreigners to transport themselves and their Estates hither, to increase the Number of People, and advance the Wealth and Strength of the Nation; whereas there is great Reason to suspect, that these Persons, so na^ turaliaed, and returning to foreign Countries, out of thfe Jurisdiction of the Crown of Great Britain, frequently cover, under their Names, the Goods of Aliens, imported into this Kingdom; and riot being amenable to the Pro-cefsof the Courts of Justice here, are in no danger of irir curring the Penalties to which the Subjects, residing within this Kingdom, are liable, for such Offences: And there* fore, as it is highly conducive to the public Welfare, that Great Britain should be furnished with Merchandize by her own Subjects, ift the same manner as her Shipping is secured, by the Act of Navigation; and as it is manifestly inconsistent with the View of the Legidature, in granting the Benefit of Naturalization, that Foreigners, fd naturalized, should withdraw themselves out of the Lige-ance of the Crown of Great Britain, praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to make Provision for preventing this Abuse of the Favour of Parliament, by restraining for the future, the Benefit of Naturalization to the Time during which Foreigners shall reside within this Realm, in such manner, and under such Limitations, as to the House shall appear fit.

And several of the Names subscribed to the said Petition were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Westm'mder further Consideration the Report frofn the Committee, to Court House; whom the Bill for the purchasing or hiring a convenient Piece of Ground, within the City of Westminster, and for erecting and fitting up a proper Court House for the Use of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City, and Liberty thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to feve.al of them, agreed to.by the House.

3 A Clause

fs

45 Geo. H.

ll6 — ii° Marti.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements to be rlnade out and delivered to the Justices.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blank*; which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added, to the Bill, giving an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions for Middkj'ex.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, requiring Collectors and Receivers to give sufficienc Security.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up: And the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging Vestry Clerks to permit the Inspection of the Books, and to give Copies thereof.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clagfe was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Afrian Mr. Salufbury^ according to Order, reported from the om*aD)r* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for make-

ing Compensation and Satisfeftion to the Royal African Company of England for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever* and for veiling the Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and Military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for the Application of the Sum granted for such Satisfaction; and for other the Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Prcrenting Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Mttlder« resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preventing of the horrid Crime of Murder.

Canterbury Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Small Debts, whom the Bill for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Bromyard The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera-Roads. tton the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to several Places called Halfway Ashy in the Parish of Docklow, Herefordshire Lakey in the Parish of IVbitburne, Perry Bridge, Sapey Wood, Bifiofs Frome, Wooferwood Gate, and Herefordshire Lakey in the Parish of Bromyardl in the same County, was committed, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

VOL. iGm

Mr. Bacon prefen ted to the House, according to Or- Expiring der, a Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parliament; for ^aws.: the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Ma- cdoaS* jesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act as relates to the Premiums upon the In> portation of Masts, Yards, and BowIpritS; Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine: And the same was received.

The Order made this Day, which was postponed; being again read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Bromyiri Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repair- Road8k ing the several Roads leading from the Town of Brom* yard, in the County of Hereford, to several Places, called Halfway Ash, in the Parish of Docklowy Herefordshire Lakey in the Parish of Whitburney Perry Bridge, Sapey Hroody Bishop's Frome, Wooferwood Gate, and Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Bromyard, in the same County, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjler have Leave to make a Mo^ tion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, Expiring for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and encouraging colonies* the Growth' of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act as relates to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar,

Pitch, and Turpentine; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Scarborough mittee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, *>ier* passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York\ and for making the said Act more effectual; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° dieMartii\

Anno 25° Georgii IIrfl Regis, 1752.

Pi AYERS.

THE Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, Auriol’s, Sec.

to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Nal* tituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol and David PralvieJ of London, Merchants, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harbord’a for Sale of certain Estates, in the Counties of Norfolk and ElUtes. Suffolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlements of Sir William Harbard Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

6 I Rejolved\

r

______

49°

12° Martii.

A. 1752.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Heathcote’s Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom

Ertate. the ingrofifcd Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for providing and securing Portions and Maintenance for the younger Sons and Daughter of Sir jSbcmas Heathcote Ba-v roner, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to’ be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Preston’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Jointure. to impower John Preston Merchant, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blackett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Glen welt An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road

Hoad. leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the lafb Session of Parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne, near G/enwelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyney near Glenwelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. AUgood do carry the Bill to the ‘ Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westminster An ingrossed Bill for the purchasing or hiring a conve-

Court House. nient Piece of Ground within the City of Westminster, and forerefting and fitting up a proper Court House for the Use of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City, and the Liberty thereof, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 4. After u Bath," to insert " Lieutenant " General Oglethorpe."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the purchasing or hiring a convenient Piece of Ground within the City of Westminster, and for erecting and fitting up a proper Court House for the Use of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City, and the Liberty thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole feniordo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Regulating An ingrossed Bill for regulating of Pawnbrokers and awnbroktrs grojters#wichin the Bills of Mortality; and for the more effectual preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for licensing, upon a Duty to be paid, and for regulating Pawnbrokers and Brokers, within the Bills of Mortality; and for more effectually preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lloyd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Meijbohm’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rat. for naturalizing Johan Meijbchm was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom Lord Blan-the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to tyre’sEliates. enable the Right Honourable William Lord Blantyre, and the Heirs of Entail, for the Time being, to alienate, by way of Exchange or Excambion, certain Lands in the Constabulary of Hadington, and Shire of Edinburgh, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenrto the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the'Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill to restrain the making Insurances on inforance oa foreign Ships, bound to or from the East Indies, was read foreign tad the Third time. lndu Ships.

The Amendment following was proppfed to be made to the Bill; viz. -;i;f

Pr. 3. L. 31. After " Act," to' insert " fhatl;".

And the said Amendment was/ irpdn the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass':r And that the Title' be.

An Act to restrain the making Insurances on foreignShips bound to or from the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, appointed to Turnpike inquire into the Management and Application of all such Hoads; Sums of Money as have been collected within Ten Years A/Tl,catloa last past, by virtue ofany Act of Parliament for repairing ° °ne^‘

any particular Highways, and to report the Matrers, as they should appear to them, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and who were also directed to report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

That the Committee had inquired inro the Management and Application of the Money collected for the Repair of several Turnpike Roads, and had directed him to report the Matters, as they appeared to them, cogerhcr w itfi the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee first proceeded to the Examination of the Accounts of the Kenjtngtcn Turnpike referred to them by the House, when it appeared from the said Accounts, and likewise from the Examinations of Mr. Sparrow Supervisor to the said Turnpike, Mr. Bowack Clerk, and Mr. AUstone the Surveyor, That the annual Amount of the Tolls and Compositions received, on account of the said Trust, were as follows; for the Year 1749', 3*383/. is. 5d.\ for the Year 1750, 3,230/. i8j. 2d. and for the Year 1751, 3,146/. i6j. K6\d:

That the Roads, which were repaired by the said Tolls, amounted to Fifteen Miles in length: That near Hyde Park Cornery in Kensington, and Chcjea, it was necessary to keep the Road paved; the making and supporting which had been very expensive and buithenfome: That the Trust had likewise been at great Expence in widening the Roads in different Places; and that the Scavenger’s Duty, in keeping the Pavements clean, amounted to a considerable Sum annually:

That the whole Fifteen Miles of Road could nevertheless be kept in Repair for 1,500l. per Annum, and at the Rate of One hundred Pounds per Mile:

That the Debt, now remaining on the Credit of the Tolls, amounted to 3,300l. but that considerable Sums had annually been applied toward reducing the Debe originally contracted; and that as soon as any Balance appeared to be in the Hands of the Treassurers, more than was necessary to be applied to the Uses of the Road, it was forthwith applied toward Payment of the Debt:

That there were TwoTreasurers; but neither of them gave any Security for the Money lodged with them:

That

ie

25'Geq. If. 12° Martii* 491

That the Tolls had within a few Years part been con-t.fiderably augmented: That great Pains had been taken to prevent the Frauds of the Collectors, by shifting them " continually from one Gate to another, and comparing their Receipts; and when it has appeared th^t a Collector has accounted for less than was usually "received in the ftme Time; at the same Place, he has bcenTufpended; -'and sometimes absolutely discharged i

That, besides'this, they had appointed ah Officer on

purpose to be a Cheque, at the Rate of a Guinea per Week 5 whole Duty it was to go from Gate to Gate, and to fit up Night 2nd Day, in order to receive the Tolls; and his Receipts were then compared with the Receipts of the Collectors: That by the Means of this Officer the Amount of the Tolls wer<^ considerably augmented, and

continued fb for fume time; but that afterwards, the Commissioners finding the Tolls to fink, and suspecting that the Novelty of the Office had ’beenat fif'ft a Terror to the Collectors, but that the Terror was removed, the said

Office was difeonfinued as Being become useless:

That the Collectors accounted always on Oath 5 but that, notwithstanding, Frauds were committed, which the Trustees coulefnot remedy:

That all the Commissioners, at every Meeting, paid

their own Enpences; and that nn Money was ever issued, but by Order of the Board, to the Treasurer, for the Uses of the Road, :he Pavmentnf the Debt, or the Salaries of the Officers which Salaries did not appear to your Committee to have been lately inCreased, or to be unreasonabk either in Number or Proportion:

That, whrn any Artificers arc employed, their Work ♦is done by Cor.tract.

Your Committee proceeded ifexrtb an'Enquiry Tto the Management of the Turnpike leading from Cm ford Bridge, in the County of ftfufdlesex, to Maid-, ahead Bridge, in the County of Bucks; wffien it appeared, upon an Inspection of the Accounts delivered in, and likeV ife upon the Examination of Francis Bowler the Gate-keeper, and Matthew Goodwin the Surveyor,

That the annual Income of the said Turnpike amounted to near 9C0 /. and that the Road, under the Management of the Trustees, was, in Length, about 13 Miles:

That the Business of the said Trust had usually been transacted by several Commissioners, who were either Farmers, Tradesmen, Maltsters, and Dealers in various Commodities, and who resided in or near Colnbrook, Ditton, and Stairwell, and others who usually lived in London: That some of the said Commissioners had small Farms of their own, amounting to zol. or 30/.; and he mentioned one whom he believed to have 50/. per Annum: That, upon the 13th of January Lift, many Gentlemen of considerable Estates in the Counties of Bucks and Berks, who were Commissioners, attended at a Meeting of the Trust:

That at this Meeting an Order was made, That, for the future, no Person should pass through the Turnpike, without paying the Toll: That, till the said Order was made, none of the other Commissioners, who used to transact the Business of the Trust, had ever paid Toll for themselves or Families: That some of them kept Three or Four Draught Tvams, and used to go to Louden with heavy Loads of Meal, and other Goods, fcveial Times in a Week; for which they paid no Toll:

That upon the said Order being made. That no Persons should pass without Payment, of the Tolls, all the said Commissioners have been obliged to pay; in consequence of which, the Receipt of the Tolls has been increased between 3/. and 41, per Week:

That the Treasurer of the said Turnpike gives no Security:

That Mr. Samuel Befcuth% a Brewer at Colnbrooke, was by the Commissioners chosen Treasurer; and that he has lately absconded, having in his Hands the Sum of S57 /. js. 10 d. of the Trust Money: That When Mr. Bejouth was chosen Treasurer, he received from his Predecdfor a Balance of 2co /.: That he continued in that Office near Seven Years: That in March 1748 the Balance was but VOL. 26.

106/. 12 s. 2d. but that since that time the Balance was Turnpike permitted to increase every Year in his Hands, till it Roads; amounted to the Sum before mentioned; though the Trust did, during that time, pay Interest, at 4/. per Cent. 0 for 2,5001, which is the Debt still due on the Tolls of the said Turnpike:

That while the said Balance was so increasing, it was thought mere difficult to procure Orders, from the th£n acting Commissioners, lor the Repair and due Maintenance of the Road:

That, in May last, an Order was made, to allow Mr. ftefoutb a Salary of 10/. per Annum, on condition he should give Security in the Sum of 5001.

That Mr. Bejouth proposed, That Mr. John West, and Mr. John Bullock, Two Commissioners, who usually acted$ in the Trust, should be his Securities; to which Proposal they, being prefcnc, seemed to agree: That the actual taking their Security was then adjourned to the next Meeting, when Mr. West and Mr. Bullock attended; but it was alleged, that there was not a sufficient Number of Commissioners to do Business:

That Mr. Francis Bowry, one of the Commissioners present, infilled there was a sufficient Number; and that he went to sollicit the Attendance of Mr. Grojvtnor, another Commissioner, in order to make up the Number said to be necessary: That Mr. Grosvenor did come accordingly, but not ti l the Afternoon; when it was alleged, that the Business of the Day was adjourned (though the Clerk W3S not gone with the Books); and that an Order had been made and entered, to adjourn over to the next Meeting (he Business of the Treasurer’s giving Security:

That at the next Meeting, which Was in November, Mr.

West, one of the Securities, di^not attend; upon which the said Older was again continued over to another Meeting; but that, on the Eighth of December, before the Time of the said last appointed Meeting, the Treasurer absconded, and is become Bankrupt.

Your Committee then proceeded to inquire into the State and Management of the t urnpike leading from Dun;!able, in the County of Bedford, to the Town of llockUjfe, in the said County; when it appeared from the Accounts laid before them, and from the Examination of Mr. Gutteridge Treasurer, and Mr. Lamer Clerk, to the said Turnpike, That the annual Receipts of the Gate ac Puddle Hill, which have been accounted for to the Commissioners, have, upon an Average of Seven Years last pall, amounted to 583/. 7s. 11 d. per Annum; but that the last Year's Receipt amounted to 642/. 16 s. od.i That the old Collector having died in May last, a new one was appointed; since which Appointment the Toils had amounted, during the Summer, to near 40 s. per Week, and, during the Winter, to near 20 s. per Week, more than in former Years; the Reason of which Mr. Gutteridge, the Surveyor, could not give, unless it was, that more Persons had travelled this Year than formerly:

That the Road, under the Management of the Trust, was about Three Miles Three Quarters in Length; but that the same was in such very bad Order, that it would cost at Jeaft 1,000l. to put it into good Repair: That the Trustees owed, upon Mortgage, the Sum of 700l. for which they paid 4* per Cent, but that they had 350/. in the 3 per Cent. Annuities, and there was a Balance of 160/. in the Hands of the Treasurer; so that the Debt on the Tolls, more than there was Money to answ’cr, amounted to about 155/.

That it does not appear, Thar, since February 1748, any Money has been applied towards Payment of the Debt, or inverted in Secu: nits for the Uses of the Trust:

That the Commissioners pass the Accounts twice a Year, and Vouchers are produced for every thing above Five Shillings; and that the Officers Iwear to their Accounts . That the Commissioners are moltly Gentlemen; fume are Farmers:

That the FxpencesofManagementhad formerly amounted to no more than about 46 /. per Annum; but that the Salary of the Collector had been raised about Two Years since from 10s. to 12 s. per Week, and the Salary of the

Treasurer

T urn pike Roads; Applicatiol ei iVioney.

492 12° Mar tit.

Treasurer and Surveyor from 20/. to 30/, per Annum, and the Clerk from Two to Three Guineas per Annum; and that there had been another additional Collector appointed since Michaelmas last, and the Two Collectors have Ten Shillings per Week each; so that the Expences of Management were now increased from 46 /. to 83 /. per Annum.

Mr. Gutteridge being asked, whether he had applied to have his Salary raised from 20/. to 30/. per Annum; he said, he did not; but that he was told, he deserved it, as he attended more Days in a Week than the last Surveyor, and took better Care of the Roads.

Being asked, why an additional Collector was appointed; hcanswered, because the Commissioners thought it would be an Advantage: That the Business was so I great, that no one Man could do it without spoiling his Health; and that he believed the Life of the last CqL lector was Ihortened; and that there are Two Collectors at Market Street Turnpike.

Being asked, how many Candidates there were on the Death of the last Collector; he answered, there were more than One; but that One was put in, and appointed.

Being asked, whether the Person, so appointed, applied for further Assistance, or complained thkt he could not do the Business; he answered, that he believed he did not.

Being asked, whether thelncrease of the Tolls had been since the Appointment of the Second Collector; he answered, that it had not; but that they increased 40 s. per Week since the Death of the old Collector and the Nomination of the First new One.

Being asked, how many Collectors there had been to do the Duty for 40 Years palt; he answered, but One, at 10#. per Week.

Mr. Gutteridge was th#n examined, with regard to the State of the adjoining Turnpike Road leading from Hock* lisse to Stony Stratford; and was asked,-whether he did not know that those adjoining 14 Miles of Road were in very good Order, and kept so, upon an Income of less than 900 I per Annum; he answered, That he knew nothing of the State of that Road: That he had heard Travellers say, it was in good Order; but that Materials were more distant and dearer upon the Road from Dunstable to Hock-lisse, than in that from Hockliffe to Stony Stratford: That they had a Difficulty of getting Materials: That they fetched some of them Three, and some Five Miies; having picked all near the Road, except a few small Flints; that they agreed with Farmers to bring them at 3^. 9d. per Cart Load; the poor People picking them near the Road at 18 d.: That they had few Stones except Flints, which ground to Powder; but if mixed with Sand, they cement:

That the Stony Stratford Road was not wore by a great <Jeal so much as the Puddle-hill Road: That there was a very bad Hill between ’Dunstable and Hockliffe; which had cost a great deal of Money to repair: That the Road from Dunstable to that Hill was very close; and that near Hockliffe there wasfta Water-course, which did great Damage; jo' or 66 Load of Stones having been, in a Flood Time, walked away in a Night; and that between Dunstable Hill and Hockliffe the Road is full of Quicks fastds and Springs,

He was then examined as to the State of the other adjoining Road from St, Albans to Dunstable; and informed the Committee, That he had heard that the Revenue of the said Tolls were about 200 /. per Annum jnore than those of the Gate at Puddle-bill; but that they mended Ten Miles and an Half of Road: That Materials were much cheaper and nearer there than on the Puddle-bill Road: That he had been informed the Commissioners had just repaired Two Miles of the said Ten Miles and Half, at an Expence of 3601, though the Bottom was before good; but that the Roads, under she Care of Puddle hill Turnpike, could not be repaired so cheap.

Mr. Turnery the Clerk, was then examined, with regard to a Resolution the Commissioners had come to, of lowering their Toils before they applied to Parliament

A. A7,5*4

for a Rfnewal of the ASt; and being asked,. whether any such Resolution had been entered into; he said* there had.

Being asked, whether, in the said Resolution, it was not agreed to raise some of the Tolls as well as to lower office; he answered, that he could not remember.

Being asked, whether, as Clerk, he had not wrote the Resolution; he said, he had made Three Copies ofrjc, but he could not remember; but that he never heard any Objection to that Paper, and took the Contents of it p be the Rates proposed.

Being asked, whether the heavy Carriages, which travelled the Puddle-hill Road, turned off before they got into the Stony Stratford Turnpike; he answered, that more of the heavy Carriages went the Stony Stratford Road; and, being examined as to the Condition of the Road, he said it was in middling Order.

Lastly, your Committee proceeded to inquire into. the State and Management of the Turnpike leading ftojn Basingstoke, in the County oiHants, to Hertford Bridge, in the said County; when it appeared by the Accounts,delivered in, and from the Examination of Mr. Russel ^c Treasurer, and Richard Parkin Surveyor, That the:Revenue of the said Turnpike did amount to about 300l. per Annum; and that the Road, under, the Care of the said Trust, was, in Length, about Fourteen . Miles.

Mr. Russel informed your Committee, That there* had been very great Abuses committed formerly in the Management of the said Trust:

That 1,200l. had been borrowed at 4/. ferCent. yppn Security of the Tolls; which had been very injudiqiously and improperly applied: That the Trustees had appointed Three Surveyors, Six Gate-keepers, a Clerk, and a Ifrea-surer, at Salaries amounting in the whole to lyol.gier Annum; which, added to the Interest paid for the Monies borrowed, reduced the net Money which could be laid out on the Road, to about 60/. per Annum: That the Number of Officers is now lessened, anchthe Expences of Management reduced from 190/. to 55 /. per Annum: That the Clerk and Treasurer used to have each a Salary of 30/. per Annum; but that the Witness now performed the Business of both Places for 10/. per Annum.

That if the Money originally borrowed, and the Tolls, had been faithfully applied to the repairing the Roads, the same would now have been in perfcS Order;

That, within Four Years pad, great Progress had been made in repairing them; and that, though they fetched Materials Three, Four, ^nd Five, Miles, yet he did not doubt but that, under the like good Management, the whole would in a very few Years be in good Order.

Being asked, whether he gave any Security, as Treasurer, to account justly; he answqred, that he did not; but was ready to do it, if demanded: That his Predecessor had given no Security; but had absconded, having in hit Hands about 90/. of the Trust-money; and had carried with him the Books, Papers, and Vouchers, of the said Trust.

Being asked, whether there was any Qualification necessary to an acting Commissioner; he answered, there was not.

Being asked, whether any Number of Gentlemen of Estates had, upon anyOccasion, absented themselves from the Meetings; he said, that about Five or Six Years ago there were 17 Chramissioners, of considerable Estates,. assembled in One Room, debating upon the Business of the Trust; and that there were about 30 Tradesmen, who were likewise Commissioners, in another Room:

That a Proposal was made in the Room where the Gentlemen were, to re-erect another Turnpike Gate; which had been removed: That the Majority of the Gentlemen were against that Re-erection; upon which the 30 Tradesmen were called in, by those who proposed. to ere&it; and without hearing any of the Debates, the Question being put, they voted it should be re-crested:

That upon this, several of the Gentlemen being disgusted, declined acting any longer in the Trust; and that the Gate, which was so re-erected in pursuance of the said i Vote, was afterwards found to be useless, and p^lei, 10 down

ii° Mar lit.

25 Geo. IT.

'49$

down accordingly, by those who voted it should be set tip.

Richard Pa)kins confirmed the Account given by the Treasurer, with regard to the Probability of the Roads being in good Order in a few Years, if the Tolls are faithfully applied.

Upon the whole, the Committee came to the;following Resolutions.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, in all future Acts of Parliament for the erecting or continuing any Turnpike, a Clause be inferred to oblige the Commissioners of such Turnpike, to take Security from their Treasurer or Receiver for the faithful Execution of the said Office.

Rejoived.\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all future Acts of Parliament for the erecting or continuing any Turnpike, a Clause be inserted to prevent any Person, who shall be nominated a Commissioner/frorn acting or voting in the Business of the said Turnpike,'unless he shall be podefied of an Estate in Land, or of per-Tonal Fftate, to such certain Value as shall be specifitd in such Act.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a

Second time 5

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inferring, after " future/* the Words " Bills for.*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rejoived, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That, in ail future Bills for Acts of Parliament for the erecting or continuing any Turnpike, a Clause be inserted, to oblige the Commissioners of such Turnpike to take Security from their Treasurer, or Receiver, for the faithful Execution of their said Office.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after " future/* the Words "‘ Bills for."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out " Act, " and inserting " Bills" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Act*’ Hand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " BiUs" be inserted instead thereof;

It was refolvedin the Affirmative.

Rejoived, Nemine contradicentey That the House doth f^ree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That, in all future Bills for Acts of Parliament for the erecting or continuing any Turnpike, a Clause be inserted, to prevent any Person, who shall be nominated a Commissioner, from acting or voting in the Business of the said Turnpike, unless he shall be possessed of an Estate in Land, or a personal Estate, to such certain Value as shall be specified in such Bills.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House, be made (landing Orders of this House.

Ordered, That the said Report, together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing of the said Report and Proceedings; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Preventing Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Ufaer. resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preventing of the horrid Crime of Murder, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 2,6.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was di-rested by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Bacon'reported from the Committee, to whom the LequesNat. ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Leques, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bril, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of Frederick'Charles Augustus Blomberg, an Infanr, of the Age of Sixteen Years,^to them referred; and had examined the Allegations thereof, and found the same to be true; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments -were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1. Leave out beseecheth/’ and insert "be-feech."

L. 5. After <c France," insert cc and Frederick " Charles Augustus Blomberg, of the Age of Sixteen " Years, Son of George Dieterick, Baron Blomberg of Didmoldy in the County of Lippe, in Germany, by 4< Amelia his Wife, born at Didmold aforesaid."

L. 7. Leave out<c his," and insert their."

L. 14. Leave out " he," and insert " they."

L. 15. After tc LequeSy" insert c< and Frederick " Charles Augustus Blomberg /* and leave out fc he is/* and insert " they are."

L. 18. Leave out " a" and leave out"Subject/’ and insert <c Subjects."

L. 19. Lea\fe outc< he is," and insert " they are/*

L. 22. Leave out " he," and insert <c they/' iand leave out " a" and leave out " Subject," and insert Subjects."

L. 26. Leave out " he," and insert " they /* and after " Leques," insert and Frederick Charles Augujlus Blomberg /* and leave outs< is," and insert44 are."

L. 3J. Leave out44 his," and insert " their;" and leave out Heir," and insert Heirs;" and leave out his," and insert " their."

Pr. 2. L. 3. Leave out " him/* and insert them."

L. 6. Leave out " he," and insert they."

L. n. Leave out " he," and insert44 they."

L. 14. Leave out 44 he/* and infen they."

L. 15. After " Leques," insert "and Frederick €t Charles Augustus Blomberg

L. 17. Leave out "a" and leave out "Subject," and insert " Subjects."

L. 23. Leave out4< he," and insert " they."

L. 24. After " Lequesinfert and Frederick Charles Augustus Blomberg.'

L. 25. Leave out "a Member," and insert " Members."

L. 28. Leave out himself," and insert44 themselves."

L. 29. Leave out " him/* and insert " them."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Canterbury Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom £)ck,tSi the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canter- bury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Corlsideration.

And the said Report was read.

- 6 K And

L.

494

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A. 1752.

Oswald, Mr. Treby, Mr. Haw. Browne, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Rowney, M v. Affleck, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Charlton, Colonel Madan, Mr. Wilkhfon, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. John Torke, Lord Carysfort, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. IVhichcote, Mr. Gray, Sir llinde Cottony Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Lz-

roche, Mr. West, Mr. Aidworthy Mr. Henly, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Walpole junior, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Hampden, Lord Parker; and all the Members who serve for the PrincU pality of Wales, and the Counties of Middlesex, Northampton, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

n° — 130 Martii.

Duke of

Devonshire’s

Estate.

Veneris, 130 Martii;

Anno if Georgii IIdi Regis, 175a* Prayers.

THE Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling William Duke of Devonshire to make Provision for his younger Sons, out of his Estate in the County of Huntingdon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Heathcotc’t for providing and securing Portions and Maintenance for the younger Sons and Daughter of Sir Thomas Heathcote Baronet, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Auriol’s, &c. for naturalizing Peter Auriol, and David Pratviel, of *at* London, Merchants, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the B ill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Man- An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act fci’s Estate, for confirming a Leafeor Grant made by the Devisees of the real Estate, late of the Right Honourable Buffly late Lord Manjel, in the County of Glamorgan, to Rowland Pytt Iron Master, for certain Purposes therein expressed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bayntun, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gybhon, Sir Wm. Co-drington, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Buller, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lyster, Mr. West, Mr.. Fellowes, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fletcher, Sir John Cust, Mr. Dow deft-well, Lord Harley, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bond, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ker, Mr. Waller, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Powney, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Fitters, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Haw. Browne, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Affleck, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Henley, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Sav. Mostyn, Colonel Mostyn, Mr. Harrison, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Erskine,

Mr. Gray, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Sir B. Wrey, Mr. Burrell-, and all the Members who serve for South Wales: And the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Marquis of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Fowis'Estate. for impowering the Trustees of the Will of William late Marquis of Powis, to make Sales, Exchanges, and Leases, of divers Parts of his Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned 5 and for making the Exemplification of the same Will, and attested Copies of the Inrollment thereof, Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain -, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Colleton, Lord Dupplin, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hume, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Ker, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Torke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hay, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Locke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fazdkerley, Mr. Prowse, Lord Strange, Sir Charlps Mordaunt, Mr. Williams, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mitchell, . Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Cayley, Mr* Sandys, Mr.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^icker # for veiling the Manor of Stepney, and divers Lands and 4te* Hereditaments in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Wicker Esquire, in him and his Heirs; and for settling Lands in the Counties of Suftfex, Surry, and Kent, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of that Settlement} was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. James Colebrooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Harley reported from the Committee, to Archer'i whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, to enable Michael Archer Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Newton only; and to take and use the Coat of Arms of the Family of Newton 5 was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for making Compensation and Satis- Afncin faction to the Royal African Company of England\ for Company, their Charter, Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and for veiling the said Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and Military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa and for the Application of the Sum granted for such Satisfaction 5 and for other the Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Application of a Sum of Money, therein mentioned, granted to his Majesty for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves,

Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and to vest the Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and Military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Salufbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Meftige from the Lords by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Holford:

Mr.

25 Geo. II.

13° Maftii.

4 95

Kurnlbo-rough Road.

Edinburgh, Stc. Roads.

Lewes

Roads.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Greenwich

Hospiul.

Liverpool© Small Lcbts,

Snaith, Sec. Inclosure.

Drayton

Inclosure.

Hopton's

EfUtc.

Distemper

amongst

Cattle.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Knarejlmough, in the County of York, by Long Flat Lane, Gouldjborough Fields, Flaxby* Siller ton Maulroerer, and Scale Moor, to Green Hatnerton, in the same County; and for making the same a High Carriage Roads without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Pod Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Sterlingy from the Boat House Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirky and from thence to Sterling; and also from Falkirk co Keljytb, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Poll Road, to the City of Glasgow; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malting Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witch Cross, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate, and from Off ham to Witch Cross aforesaid, all lying within the County of Suffexy without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for enabling his Majesty to raile a further Sum of Money, therein also mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session Parliamenti without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intiruled, An Act to render valid and effectual all Contracts and Agreements, which shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital; and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Town and Port of Liverpool and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-y without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Townships of Snaith, Co-tvicky and Rawcliffey in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Hamlet of Draytony within the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of Icombey Parc of the settled Estate of Richard Hopton Esquire, and others; and laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of an entire Estate, to be fetded to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws, therein mentioned, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Vol. 26.

unto; which they had dtrefted him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the" Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

An ingossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Re- Canterbury covery of Small Debts within the City and County of the Small Debts, City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 34. To leave out personally," and inferc " duly."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the lame.

Then the Blank, left in the Bill for the Tide thereof, was filled up by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Poor Relief and Employment.

A Bill for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejohed9 That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Yuejday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That-the Marshal of his Majesty’s Prison of BencJl King's Bench do, upon Monday Morning next, bring in safe Custody Baron Steine> John Upjdaley and John Lloyd, now Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of King's Bencby to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Prisoners in the Kings Bench Prison is referred; and also do bring the said Baron Steine, John Upfdale, and John Lloydy or any or either of them, in safe Custody, to the said Committee, at any other Time or Times as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Lord Blarf-enablethe Right Honourable William Lord Blantyre, and tyre’s ElUtes, the Heirs of Entail, for the Time being, to alienate, by way of Exchange or Excambion, certain L.ands in the Constabulary of Hadington, and Shire of Edinburgh was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parliament for the Expiring better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Laws: Sugar Colonies in America, and encouraging the Growth American of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; and C°4°nics‘ also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act as relates to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejohedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

Mr.

Upton Bridge Road*.

Duke of D*.

venture's

Eftanr.

UptonPridge

Roads.

Preventing

Murder.

496 13° —

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwell, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called "The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Roberts-End Street, to Malvern Chace, in the said County of Worcester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qaeftion severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 16° d

Anno 250 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling William Duke of Devonshire to make Provision for his younger Sons, out of his Estate in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairingand amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwell, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called 'The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Rdberts-End Street to Malvern Chace, in the said County of Worcester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairingand amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwell, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, \t\ the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Roberts-End Street to Malvern Chace, in the said County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

, The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Preventing of the horrid Crime of Murder.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That thejy had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

170 Martii. 1752.

The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Expiring House, upon the Bill for continuing Two Acts of Par- Laws: liament for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and encou- oonle,\ raging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act as relates to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar,

Pitch, and Turpentine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Meijx»hm> for naturalizing Job an Meijbobm, was read a Second time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Gybbcn, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Popham, Sir John Turner, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Iyfter, Sir Charles Kern. Tynie, Mr. Prowse, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Haw. Browne, Sir Robert de Cornwall, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Northey,

Mr. Rowney, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Bateman, Mr. Hay, Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Jer.yns, Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Aljtone, Mr.

Barry, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Eliot, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Potter, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Southwell,

Lord Parker, Mr. War hurt on, Mr. Gray, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Ord, Mr. Boone, Mr. Mack-worth, Lord Strange, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Richard Wrottefldy,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Bond, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Willes, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Powney,

Sir Francis Poole: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 170 die Mar tii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

MR. Lyster repotted from the Committee, to whom Bamefley’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate*

Act for vesting the - real Estate of William Barrtefley Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Benefit of William Barnefley Esquire, his only Son and Heir, who is a Lunatick; and for raising Money to pay the Costs of several Suits and Proceedings at Law, and in Equity, brought for Recovery of the said Estate; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Wytham rathe ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for cloiurc. inclosing and dividing Wytbam on the Hill Infield, in the County of Lincoln; and for settling a Stipend on the Vicar, in lieu of Glebe and Tyches; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their -Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Exton, v\\o is 1 o poffdTed

25 Geo. II. 190 Mar hi. 497

pofie fifed of Sixty-four Acres, Thfee Roods, and Ten Perches, and Samuel East, who is possessfed of Six Acres, Three Roods, and Twenty-two Perches; who severally declared, they would not consent to the Bill; and except Richard Sneath, who is pofifcfifed of Four Acres and Eight Perches, and Brozvnlow Lord Bertie, Samuel Reynard-son> and Colonel Bellindine, who are jointly pofifefifed of One Acre, ThreeRoods,and Thirty-threePerches; which Four last mentioned Persons severally declared,they would not oppose the Bill; and that all the Parties have been appriled of the intended Inclosure, and hone of them had appeared before the said Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Reporc in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read 5 and are as followeth 5 viz.

Fr. 7. L. 12. Leave out " so much of."

L. 15, 16. Leave out " as herein after in " this Act mentioned," and inferc " herein before recited."

Pr. 13. L. 13. After " Allotment," insert u and €t Division."

At the End of the Bill add Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And be it further enacted, by the-Au-<c thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and c< for all such Person or Persons, as shall be Tenant or <c Tenants, for Life only, of any of the said Lands, so in-<c tended to be inclosed, by Indenture, under his, her, or <c their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to grant and convey, by way of Mortgage, his, her, and their Share cc and Allotment of such Lands tinto any Person or Per-lt fons whatsoever, for any Term or Number of Years,

" for raising and securing such Sum and Sums of Money <c as shall be sufficient and necessary to defray the Expences cc ofinefofing, banking, hedging, and fencing, the Lands €t to them respectively allotted, and his, her, and their " Share, and Part of the Expences in and about the passing <c this Act; such Sum and Sums of Money to be made " payable, with such Interest, as the same can be, from " time to time, borrowed and procured at, not exceeding Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum> and to be fub-tc jest to Redemption by the Person or Persons borrowing 4< the fame, or by the Person or Persons who shall be , <c from time to time, imitled to such Lands so mortgaged, €t on Payment of the Principal, to be charged thereon, " together with Interest for the fame, as aforesaid; such u Tenant or Tenants, for Life, from time to time, pay-c< ing and keeping down the Interest, which shall grow " due for the Money to be advanced for che Purposes " aforesaid."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Amendment was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carfy the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurfence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing several Laws therein Distempef mentioned, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of arn0"gft the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Catte' Cattle in this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And chat the Title be,

An Act to continue, explain, and amend, several Laws, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gray, according to Order, reported from the Com- Preventing mittee of the whole House, to whom che Bill, for the better Murder* preventing of the horrid Crime of Murder, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered> Tliac the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing the several Roads lead- Bromyard ing from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Here- Roads. ford\ to several Places called Halfway Ash, in the Parish of Docklow, Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Whithume,

Perry Bridge, Sapey Wood, Bishop's Ftome, Woofer wood Gate, and Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Bromyard, in the same County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places called the Halfway Ash, in the Parish of Docklow, Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Whitburne%

Perry Bridge, in the Parish of Stoke Bliss, leading through the several Parishes of Edwin, Ralph, Codington, anU the Hamlet of Uttle Kyre, Sapey Wood, in the Parish of Upper Sapey, Bishop's Frome, Wooferwood Gate, and Herefordshire Lake, in the said Parish of Bromyard, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

Ordered, That the Lord Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence#

ha

Rorthallerr

Writ.

or.

Leqaes*

Natf

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this prefenr Parliament for the Borough of Northallerton, in the County of York, in the room of Henry Lascelles Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Steward and Keeper of the Courts of the Honour of Berkhamstead, and of the Manor, Lordship, and Town of Berkhamstead, in the Counties of Hertford\ Bucks, and Northampton, Parcel of the Lands and Possessions of his Majesty’s Duchy of Cornwall.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Leques, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

After " Lequesadd " and Frederick Charles Augustus

Blow berg Vox.. 26.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mountagu, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Converting for converting the several Annuities, therein mentioned, cc^mAn-into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferable at the joinT Stock*. Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also, for consolidating the several other Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the South Sea House; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chippenham, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chip- *c* Road,‘ penham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg-hilly in the County of Glouccfcr, and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hilly in the said County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act $urry R0aai. for amending, and making more effectual, several Acts,

6 L for

15


170 Martii. A. 1751.

for amending the Roads from the City of London, to East Grinflcad, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey, and for more effectually repairing the Road from Newington, through Camberwell, in the said County, to New Gofs, in the County of Kent, and for the repairing and widening the Road from Camberwell Green, to The Fox under the Hill, in the Parish of Camberwellwithout any Amendment: And also,

St. Alb.ms The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Small Debts, fa the niore cafy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough of Saint yllbans, in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Places, within the Liberty of Saint Albans, without any Amendment: And also,

Birmingham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Small Debts. for more cafy ancj speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Den-tend, thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also.

Preventing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kobbenes, for fa betrer preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for c* regulating Places of publickEntertainment, and punishing

Persons keeping disorderly Houses, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scarborough Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Plcr* the Bill, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 5th

Year of his-present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, and for making the said Act more effectual, was committed; and to whom also the Petition of the Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the Bailiffs, and other Capital Burgesses, and Freemen, of the said Borough; was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Commictee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be now taken into Consideration;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for d* Ye«, }

Tellers for the Noes, {Jjj; j 6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Second Amendment, in Foi. 3, L. 9, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, in Fo. 3, L. 9 (whereby it was proposed to fill the Blank there left in the Bill, with the Words u June 1752," and also with the Names of several Persons, to be Commissioners for executing the Powers and Authorities granted by the said former, and this present Act) being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were made to the said Amendment, by adding thereto the Names of several other Persons, to be Commissioners for the said Purposes.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Two Bailiffs, for the Time being, of the said Borough of Scarborough, be Two other of the Commissioners for executing the Powers and Authorities granted by the said former, and this present Act;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment, as amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Committed to the said Bill, as far as the Second Amendment, ill Fo. 8. L. 5. being severally read a Second time, were/ upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, in Fo. 8. L. 5. (being a Proviso for limiting the Salaries or Rewards, to be allowed to the Surveyors, and other Officers, to be employed by the Commissioners in the Execution of the said former,* and this present Act) was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T — for d. Y-. ;J*- }

Tt"s for the N"s- (Mr,) ,*

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present;

And it not being then Four of the Clock;

Mr. Speaker waited till several other Members came into the House.

And then the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members being present;

And the Question being again put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment last mentioned;

It pasted in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Qualification of the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving to the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Scarborough, such Estates, Rights, and Jurisdictions, as they were intirled to at the Commencement of the said Act of the 5th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign.

And the said Clause was twice read; and several Amendments were made thereto.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America’, and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act as relates to the Premiums, upon the Importation of Marts, Yards, Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

10 Resolved,

Expiring

Laws.

American

Colonies,

Poor Rcliel and Employment.

Barneney’j

EfUte.

preventing

Murder.

Dorchester

Writ.

Scarborough

Pier.

Wytham

inclosure.

15 Geo. Mi

17° — i8° — 190 Mart Hi

Resolved, That this House will, upon Yhurfday Morning next, rtTolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i8°

Anno 2j° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1752.

Pr AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of William Barnefley Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Benefit of William Barnejley Esquire, his only Son and Heir, who is a Lunatick; and for iaifing Money to pay the Cofb of several Suits and Proceedings at Law, and in Equity, brought for Recovery of the said Estate; was read the Third time. Rejo'ved, That the Bill do pdfs.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, for the better preventing of the horrid Crime of Murder, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for betcer preventing the horrid Crime of Murder.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elcfting of a Burgess to serve in this prrfent Parliament, for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dojet, in the room of George Darner Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour o(Scarborough, in the County of York, and for making the said Act more effectual, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 6. After " assembled," to insert ct and " by the Authority of the same.*'

Pr. 11. L. 39. To leave out <c or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinjon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing Wytham on the Hill Infield, in the County of Lincoln \ and for settling a Stipend on the Vicar, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes j was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mountague, and Mr. Lane:

Vol. 26.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Amending to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, io' intituled, An Act for legulating the Commencement of the the Year, and for correcting the Calendar novV in use, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act African for the Application of a Sum of Money, therein men- Company, tioned, granted to his Majesty, for making Compenfition and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter, Lands. Forts, C.irtlrs, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatfxver; and to veffc

Importation of" G'.'in Sc-nc^a, &c.

the Lands, Forts, Cadies, Slaves, and Military Sr,ores, and all other their Lffefts, in the Company of Merchants, trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment or a Duty; and for Relief of James Guthrie, with respect to the Duties paid and secured up,vn a Quantity of Tobacco, burnt at the Port of Kircudbright \ and for giving further Time for Payment of Duties omitced to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Infunncet to refhain the making Insurances on foreign Ships, bound 0,1 Foreign to or from the East Indies, wichouc any Amendment. Ships

And then the Meffcr.gers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing Two Acts of Padia- Expiring ment, for the bet: er securing and encouraging the Trade l avvS\ of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and rncou-raging the Growth of Coffee, in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, <o much of an Act, as relates to the premiums upon the Importation of Mails, Yards, and Bowfprirs, Tar,

Pitch, nnl Turpentine; vvas read the ihird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf>: And that the 'Title be,

An Act for continuing the Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee, in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act, as relates to the Premiums upon the Importation of Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine.

Ordered, That Mr Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords Preventing to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Kob£"lcs» Theftsand Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill, to make the Miliria, in that Part of Great Britain Militia, called England, more useful, was read a Second time.

Refohid, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve it elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii II"1 Regis, 1752. Prayers.

/JRDERED, That Mr. Lyjler do make the Report Meijbohm’i from the Commirtee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, N.w from the Lords, inticuled, An Act for naturalizing Joban Meijkbm, was committed.

Mr.

soo

Mr. Lyjler accordingly reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed, That the Bill should be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Claulfc was offered to be added to the Bill; which was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the <c Authority aforesaid, That if the said Johan Meijbobm " shall, at any time, after his Naturalization, by Virtue " of this Act, go into any foreign Country, or Place, out " of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, and " shall not, before the Expiration of the Term of <c return into, and reside in, jhis Kingdom, or some other " of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, for u and during the Term of he the said Johan

<c Meijbobm shall be deemed an Alien, and shall lose and " forfeit all the Benefits and Privileges granted to him by " this Act; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

The said Clause being read a Second time, and the Blanks therein being respectively filled up with the Words c< Three Years

And a Motion being made. That the said Clause be made Parc of the Bill;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the sub- feribing Merchants of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and all other Merchants of Great Britain, which was prefenced to the House, upon Wednesday the i ith Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Debate having arisen in the House, upon the said Motion, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Cramond Merchant, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Norris Merchant, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonas Hanway Merchant, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. George Nappier Merchant, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Henry Muilman Esquire, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That George Amyand Esquire, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. William Schnel do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Van AJfendelft do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Reinbold do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. George Morley, Secretary to the Russia Company, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next; and that he do bring with him the Minutes of the last Court of Afllftams, and the Book of Bye-laws, of the said Company.

Ordered, That Robert Nettleton Esquire, Governor of the Rujfia Company, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Major Esquire, Deputy Governor of the said Company, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sennet, and Mr. Mountague:

Mr. Speaker,

Leqtes* The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by

Nat. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Leques: And also,

Alemouth, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *c. Road. for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwicky to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham , and also the Road lead*

A. 175 2.

ing out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Roth-bury, to Jockey's Dyke Bridge, in the County of Northumberland i without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glenwelt for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Parc Road* of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act pafifed in the last Session of Parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne, near Glenwelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Office of for giving a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Coroiicr* Execution of their Office, and for the Amoval of Coroners, upon a lawful Conviction, for certain Mifde-meanours, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Upton Bridge for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Road5% the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of WorceJteTy to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwall, in the County of Hertford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Roberts-End-Street, to Malvern Chace, in the fuel County of Worcester, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intiruled, An Act Canterbury for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, Srnal* Debt*, within the City, and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the lame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords dclirc the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the p^,. whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Relief Relief and and Employment of the Poor. Employment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hariinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mprrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Martii;

AnnQ 2y Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Long reported from the Committee, to WyndhamV whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, ElUte.

An Act to impower the Guardians of William Wyndham Esquire, an Infanr, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates, in the Manor of Upbaveny and in Lufton and Odcombe, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, during his Minority; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from the Poor Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the Rellcf: an<1 more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor, was ojrment committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and aberwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, \

190 — 20°

25 Geo. II.

2'6° Martii.

S<H

Mirquis of rowis’Etl.tc.

Canterbury Small Debts.

Terd Mm (el's Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be printed.

Mr. Hello wes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed. Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowerirtg cheTrustees of the Will of William late Marquis of Vowis, to make Sales, Exchanges, and Leases of divers Parts of his Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for saking the Exemplification of thefeme Will, and attested Copies of the Inrollmenc thereof, Evidence in ad Courts in Great Brirain-, wascommitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties con-cenneti ;ltad given their Content to the Bill, to the Satis-section of the Committee; anJ that the Committee had gone thrqogh the Bill, and made ail Amendment thereunto; which they had directtd him to report to the House j read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill*-with the Amendment, in at the'-Clerk *6 Tat>lc: Where the Amendment was read; and is as foL loweth; viz.:

Pr. t jL. >19. After l< Mines," Insert " and other cc Mines." 1 1

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House proceeded ,ro takeanroi Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more eafyand speedy Recovery of Small Debts, wic-hiivth6* CitV, and County of the City, of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the lame.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed i viz.

Pr. 8. L. 8. Leave out the Glaufc from u Court," to " and be it further enacted," L. 22.

Pr. 19. L 8. After " extend," insert ff to any Debt " for any Rent, upon any Lease of L.ands or Tenements, c< or any other real Contract, nor."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally rput thereupon, agreed to by the House. v.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Robinjcn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Mr. Bayntuh reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrotfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lente or Grant made by the Devi fees of the Real Estate, late of the Right Honourable Buffy late Lord -AlanjU, in the County of Glamorgan, to Rowland Pytt iron-master, for certain Purposes therein expressed, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned baJ given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sacbh.ftion of die C unmitiee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read, and is as followed!; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 14. After Successors, insert cc and to u the Lord or 1 ords of the Manor or Manors wherein " the said River and Premile* do lie."

The laid Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Queilionput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

L. 13, 14.' Lgave' out " in the Cities of u London arid WesttHhish^, or within Twenty MileS cc thereof.": ' ';r;- ' ’ ‘

L. 15. After ct Lidfence.T insert of l)ad."

L. 16. Leave out " Michaelmas," and insert <c Mt&Jttmmr General or.7*"'4 1

L. 26. After u Place,"insert \* and every such cc Licence shall be figkecl am! italed by the said Justicesj ,f in open Court, and afterwards be publickly riiad by the <c Clerk of the P&ic*, 'together \vithftlte Names of the " Justices subscribing the fume; and no such Licence (half fc be granted at any"adjourried Sessions^ nor shall any Fe^ c< or Reward be taken for any such Licence." ' H‘ *'

Pr. 3. L. 3 AffoPtV lame." insert and bebther-c wife punishable, as tfffe Law-directs, in Cafes oF'difor-ft derly Houses," and insert Clauses A. Ij. and C.; T Cfause (A). tf Provided always, and ft is hereby fur

€( ther enacted, by the Authority aforesaicj, That, in order of to give puolick Notice what Placeslicensed, pur-u suant to this Act, therd shall ber aB?xtd,‘and kept tipi u in some notorious Place, over the Door Or Entrance of cc every such House, Room, Garden, or other Place, kept €( for any of fife‘said Purposes, and so licensed afc aforefeijd, ah fnfeription fn large Capital Letters, in the c< Words following; Licensed'pursuant to-Aflt of

*’ Parliament, of the Twenty-fifth of King George the

‘ Second f and that no such House, Room, Garden,; or cc other Place, keptTor ahy of the said Purposes, although <c licensed as aforesaid, (fall be opened for the Reception of <c Guests or Company, nbrfiinll anyGucfts or Company <c be received or entertained therein, before the Hour " of Five in the Afternoon; and that the affixing, and " keeping up, of such Inscription ns aforesaid, and the said (e Limitation or Restriction in Point of Time, shall bfe iC insert£d in, and made Conditions of, every such Licence; c‘ and in case of any Breach of either of the said Cohdi-<c tions, such Licence shall be forfeited, and shall be re-<c v6ked by the Justices of Peace, in their nexc General te or Quarter Sessions; and shall not be renewed; nor shall u any new Licence be granted to the same Perfor^ oh cc Persons, or any other Fcrfdn on his or their, or any of tc their behalf, or for their Use or Benefit, directly of in-di'ccftty'J-fof keeping any such House, Room, Garden’, " or other Place, for any of the Purposes aforesaid." Clause (B). tc Provided always, That nothing ip this Cf Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, of to the Theatres Royal in Drury Lane and CovenI Gar-cc den, or the Theatre commonly call the King's Theatre, u in the Hay Market, or any of them; nor to lbch Per-<l formances and pubhek Entertainments as are, or shall cc be lawfully exercised and carried on, under, or by vir-c< tue of,'Letters Patents, or Licence of the Crpwn, or the <£ Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's of Houshold

Prerrntir Rcbbtrict, ice.

The House, according ro Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amnv.lments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the m-rrerprevetuingThefts and Robbciies, and for regulating Places of public!; Fncerrain-ment, and punishsng Persons keeping di(orderly 1 loufes.

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as ful-Io\\eth*, viz.

Pr. d. I,. 9. Leave cut " December," and insert

shtguft."

V o L. 26.

any thing herein Cvonrained notwithfiand-

Ckufe (C). Provided also, That the Limitation or ft Restriction hereinbefore mentioned, as to the Time of* ,r the Day for opening any such House, Room, Garden, u or other Place, for the Reception or Entertainment ot* c< Guelts or Company, shall not extend to the City of Bath, " the Hot Well at BrijhlyTunbndge Wells, in the County " of Kent, Epj'om, in the County of Surrey, Scarborough cc and Harrogate, in the County of York, Buxton and " Matlock, in the County of Derby, Cheltenham, in the C( County of Gloucester, Wellington, in the County of u Salop, Llandrindod, in the County of Radnor, Holt, in the County of Wilis, AJircp and Holt, in the County of c< Northampton, or any of them; any thing in this Act tc contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

" Pr. 3. L. 5. After " Bawdy-houses," insert u Gaming-houses."

After

41 L. 14, Gaming-house."

" L. 22.

Pr.

L.

cc

Gaming-house."

25-

Bawdy-house," infer:

After " General," insert or." After' Bawdy house," inlert

6 M " L. 2S.

502 20° — 2 3d A. 1752.

% . *c L. l8. - After ie General;" insert <c or,"

<c L. 36, 37. Leave out " or thrown " out," and, instead thereof, insert " be returned/’

" L. 37. After " Grand Jury/* insert . <c not to be a true Bill."

" P'r. 5. L. 8, 9. After ki Bawdy-houses," in-fcrt " Gaming-houses/'

u L. 19. After " Bawdy-house," insert u Gaming-house."

" L. 27. After "Bawdy-house," insert " Gaming-house."

" L. ult. After c< Bawdy-house," insert u Gaming-house/’

" Pr. 6. L. 5 After " General/’ insert <c or/’ Pr. 7. L. 6. Leave out from €t Accounts/’ to the first " and*’ in Pr. 10. L. 3.

c< Pr. id. L. 33. After " give," insert " Security/*

,f Pr. in L. 7. After " by," insert <c and men- u tioning the Place to which such Person is committed." At the End of the Bill add Clause (D).

Clause(D). " And be it further enacted, by the Au-,c thority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force €< uritil the Expiration of Three Years, to be computed c< from the First Day of this Session of Parliament, and cc from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-u liament, and no longer."

The First Amendment being read a Second time,

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

The Second Amendment being read aSecond time, and the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords 5

It passed in the Negative, Nmine contradicente.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time, was, tipon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Housei The Fourth Amendment being read a Second time,

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords*

It passed in the Negative.

The Fifth and Sixth Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (A), the next Amendment, being read a Second, time,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by leaving oilt c< the Reception of Gucfts or Company, nor shall any Gueftsor Company be received or entertained therein/’, and inferring instead thereof <c any of the said Purposes."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Clause so amended, being an ingrossed' Clause, was read the Third time* and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

Clause (B), the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time* and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (C), the next Amendment, being read a Second time,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by leaving out " the Reception or," and inserting instead thereof <fc any Rich."

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, Agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by leaving out <4 of GuePis or Company," and inserting instead thereof " as is aforesaid."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by leaving out " the City of Bath, the Hot " Well at Brijloland inserting instead thereof " Aston " and New ‘Tunbridge Wells, near JJlingtoH, in the County ,c of Middlesex."

And the Question being put, That the Words, " the " City of Bath, the Hot Well at Bristol," (land Part of the said Clause

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Acloit c< and New Tunbridge Wells, near JJlington, in the County " of Middlesexbe inferced instead thereof*

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause, as attended* being an ingfofed Clause, was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, Thrit the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords, so amended J It passed in the Negative.

The subsequfcht Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, as far as Claiife (D), being severally read a Second time, were* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (D\ the last Amendment, ^as read a Second time and being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time and, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed td by the House.

Ordered, That a Commititee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, fof disagreeing roT such of the Amendments made by their1 Lordships, as this House hath disagreed td.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gybboh, The Matter of the Roils, Lord Dappling Mr/ TdWnJhend^ Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Chdrks Mordaunt.

Sir John Cujl, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Acourtt Colonel Haldane, Mr. Nor they, Mr West, Mr Bacon, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Lyjler, M r. Fonntre'au, Mr, Locke, Mr; War-button, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Peachey,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hill, Mr. Gray, Mr. Jenyfis, Mr But1 ler, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wm. Lyttelton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Garth, Mr. FeHowes, Colonel Leighton, Mr. FrarJkland*

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Willey, Mr. Sydenham e And they are to meet this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Ofder of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monddy Mottling Militia next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, more useful.

Complaint being made to the House, That in Breach of Privilege* the Privilege of this House, James Ewin, a menial Servant of Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath (a Member of this House) had been arrested by John Richardson, a Sheriff’s Officer, at the Suit of Thomas Devenish

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint* and report the fame, with their Opinion there^ upon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna.r,230 die Maftii J

Anno 150 Georgii lldi Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act LordManfcft for confirming a Lease or Grant made by the De- ^laic-vifees of the Real Estate late of the Right Honourable Bujjy late Lord Manjel, in the County of Glamorgan, to Rowland Pytt Iron-matter, for certain Purposes therein expressed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That -his House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An

tg Geo. II. 230 Mdrtii. go$

Wyndham’i An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act fcfUtes. tb impower the Guardians of William Wyhdham Esqiiire, Sn Infant, to rtiike Leases, and Copyhold Grants, of his Estates in the Manor of Upbaven, and in Lufton, and Od± combcy in the Counties of Wilts and Somerfot, dliring his Minority, was read the' Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

kfarqoisof An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Powu’EfUte. for impowering the Trustees of the Will of William late Marquis of Powis, to make Sales, Exchanges, and Leases, of divers Parts of his Estate, for the FurpofeS therein mentioned; and for making the Exemplification of the same Will, and attfcfted Copies of the Inrollment thereof, Evidence In all Cotirts in Great Britain, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Felfowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Preventing Mr. Gybbcn reported from the Committee, appointed Kobberics, upon Friday last, to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies; and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punifiiing Persons keeping disorderly Houses; as this House hath disagreed to; That the Committee had drawn tip Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Wrbere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Commons disagree to the First Amendment made by your Lordships to the said Bill; Pr. 2. L. 9.

Because, so early a Commencement of the proposed Regulation, shay occasion some Hardship to the present Proprietors of Places of publick Entertainment, mentioned in the Bill; and can be attended with no great Utility to the Publick, as the Season between the First of August and the First of December, is that, in which the least Inconvenience is to be expected from these Places of Entertainment.

The Commons alto disagree to the Second Amendment made by your Lordships; Pr. 2. L. 13, 14.

Because, by this Amendment, the Remedy of a Mif-chief, which chiefly arises in the Cities of London and Westminster, or within Twenty Miles thereof, is extended to the whole Kingdom; and the Extension of this Provision beyond these Limits, may affect some Places, to which it may not be necessary that the Regulations, prescribed by the Bill, fhoilld be extended.

The Commons decline, at this Time, offering any other Reasons for disagreeing to these Two Amendments made by your Lordships; apprehending, tha: the Rea-lons already given, will induce your Lordships not to insist on the said Amendments.

To the Third Amendment made by your Lordships, Pr. 2. L. 15. the Commons do agree.

The Commons disagree to the Fourth Amendment made by your Lordships, Pr. 2. L. 16.

Because, the Michaelmas Quarter Session corresponds best with the First Day of Decembers which appears to the Commons to be the most proper time for the Commencement of this Piovision.

To the Fifth and Sixth Amendments made by your Lordships, Pr. 2. L, 26. and Pr. 3. L .3. the Commons do agree.

To the Clause marked (A) the Commons do agree, with the following Amendment; viz.

Lines n, j 2, and 13, Leave out "the Reception of Vol. aCr.

tc Guests or Company; nest shall any Guest or Company €i be received or ehteredined therein," and irtfert " any of <c the said Purposes.’*

To the Clause marked (B.) the Commons do also agred

The Commons disagree to the Clause marked (C).

Because none of the Places which are mentioned in the said Clause, are within Twenty Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, Epsom only excepted, which does not appear to require any Exception, more than dther Places within the said Limits of T wency Miles Distance from London and Westminster.

To all the subsequent Amendments made by your.

Lordships the Commons do agree.

The laid Reasons being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Refolvtd, That a Conference be desired with the Lords*

Upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Townjhenddo go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ArcforPi to enable Michael Archer Esquire, and his I flue Male, toi Name, take and use the Surname or Newton only, and to take and use the Coat of Arms of the Family Of Newton, was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Harley do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame* without any Amendment.

Mr. Tow ijhend reported to the House, Thdt he had Preventing (according to Order) been with the Lords* to desire a Robberiei, Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments *c‘ made by their Lordships ro the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies; and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment; and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Confer- 4 ence, for disagreeing to such of the said Amendments as this House hath disagreed to, do manage the Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called overt And they Went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Gybbon reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference; and had delivered to the Lords, the Reasons for disagreeing to such of the Amehdments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to t and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their LordlhipSi

The fevetal Orders of the Dny, for reluming the ad- Meiibohm’s journed Debate upon the Motion made upon Thursday Nat.

last, that the Clause, which was then offered to be added to the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Johan Meish'ckm, be made Part of the Bill and for the Attendance of the several Persons, who were then ordered to attend this House this Day, being read j

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Morion.

And Robert Nettleton Esquire, one of the said Persons, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Mr. Robert Cramend Merchant, another of the said Perfoils, was also called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Henry MnilmdH Esquire, another of the said Persons was also called in, and examined.

And then he Wirhdrew.

And the said Mr. Cramohd was again called in, and further examined.

And Notice being taken, that Part of the Evidence now

given

Militia.

Meijbohm’s

Nat.

Encouragement to Colonial Sealers.

5°4 *4

giyen by the said Mr. Cramondy was contrary to the Evidence which had been given by the said Mr. Aluilman;

The said Vlx.Aluilman was called in, and confronted with the said Mr. CramondA

And then they withdrew. ... -Then the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

j 5.

J .9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 The House resolved itself into a. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make the Militia, in.that Part of Great Britain called England, more useful.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

.Mr. Thornton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mx. clhornton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hirp to report, when the.House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

4 And thfcn the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 40 die Mar tit \

Anno 250 Georgii IIdl Regis, 17551#

Prayers.

AN rngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joban Meijbohmy was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House was moved, That Part of the Copy of the Representation from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the House of Lords, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders, upon their Adresscsof the First and Fifth of April 1734, relating to the State of the British Islands in America, with regard to their Trade, their Scrength, and Fortifications, and to what may be further necessiry for the Encouragement of their Trade, and Security ofthofe 1 Hands, as likewise to such Encouragements as maybe necessary to engage the Inhabitants of the British Colonies, on the Continent in America) to apply their Industry to the Cultivation of naval Stores of all Kinds, and of such other Products as may be proper for the Soil of the said Colonies, and do not interfere with the Trade or Produce of Great Britain (which Copy was p relented to the House upon the 27th Day of Match 1735), might be read.

And the f\me being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be p re fen ted to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to make Inquiry, dining the Recess of Parliament, into the present State of the Island of Jamaica, as to itfc Strength, Trade, and Fortifications, and what Law or Laws have been made, since the Year 1734, relating to Grants, and for enforcing the Cultivation of Lands in that Island; and also to enquire how far those Laws (if any such there be) have been canted into Exe-

Martii. A. 1752.

cfotion* and have proved^ effectual or msufficient for the Encouragement of New-comers to settle in that Island; and to what Degree the Number of White Inhabitants is inpfeased or diminiftied, since the above-mentioned Time; and what Quantity of well-situated ant), fertile Land remains uncultivated: And that the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do prepare, aiifl say the whole before ti)fa House, at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament.

' Ordered) That the said Address be orefented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s-most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr*

Waple:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made Marquis of by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for im power- Powis'Estate, ing the Trusteesof the Will of William late Marquis of Pozvis, to make Sales, Exchanges, and Leases, of divers Parts of his F.state, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for making the Exemplification of the same Wiil, and attested Copies of the Inrollment thereof. Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Lordftfan-this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming fel’s Estate. a Lease or Grant, made by the Devisees of the real Estate late of the Right Honourable Buffy late Lord Manfel, in the County of Glamorgan) to Rowland Pytt, Iron Mafttr, for certain Purposes therein expressed: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by wvtham I this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and closure. dividing Wytham on the Hill Infield, in the County of Lincoln and for settling a Stipend on the Vicar, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Expiring for continuing the Act, for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and also Q^ics for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an Act as relates to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, and 3owfprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act $cotchfor-for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the feitedEflatcs. Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed co the Bill, intituled, An Act Distemper to continue, explain, and amend several Laws, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper, which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places called the Halfway /fo, in the Parish of Dccklow, Hereforcishire Lake, in the Parish of Whitburne, Perry Bridge, in the Parish of Stoke Bliss. leading through the several Parishes of Edwin, Ralph, Codington, and the Hamlet of Little Kyre, Sapey V/o:d, in the Parish of Upper Sapey, Hi (hop's Broome, Hoofer wood Gate, an d Hereford

JL-ire Lake, in the said Parish of Bromyard, in the Counties of Hereford and // orcefier, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the B 11, intituled, An Act ^«iens ® to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made L and passed in the Eleventh and Twclfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Mnirfty’s natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, eithe r lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Facher or Mother werrj Aliens, with One Amendment: 'so which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mcficngers withdrew.

2 Lieutenant

25 Geo. II. 24° Martil.

565

King’s Bench Prison.

Lieutenant General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direifled him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wher? the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee thinks proper to reduce the Evidence brought in Support of the said Petition, under Three Heads.

First, That which tended to prove the present incommodious, unhealthy, and insecure State of tlje said Prison.

Secondly, The Nature of the Mortgage, under which the Marlhalship of the said Prison is now possessed and exercised.

Thirdly, The Inconveniencies arising, not only to the Petitioners, but to the Court, and Suitors in the Kings Bench, and to the Publick in general, from the said Mortgage

Upon the first Head, your Committee examined the Reverend Doctor Howard, Rector of Saint George's Parish, within which the Prison is situated; Mr. 1/aac Stapleton, Surgeon and Apothecary, who lives near the Prison, and has attended there for Twenty Years past; William Tew, Joseph Wingrove, William Bishop, John Lloyd, and others, who are, or have been, Prisoners within the Prison-house; and John Ashton Esquire, the present Marshal, with Mr. John Chapman, his Clerk and head Turnkey, and Messieurs Steere and Poultney, Surveyors and Master Builders, who have surveyed the Prison-house and Walls.

By the concurrent Testimony of all the above Persons, it appears to your Committee, That the said Building is old and ruinous; that, in its present State, the Prisoners are in the most miserable Situation for Want of Room; Seventeen being sometimes crouded into One Room, not above Fourteen or Fifteen Foot square; and that the Common Side is often overflowed with the Common Sewer, which occasions noisome Stenches: And the Reverend Doctor Hozvard said. That he once attended a Person in the Cells of Newgate, which he thought preferable to the Cabbins in which the Prisoners, upon the Common Side of this Prison, are lodged.

It further appeared to your Committee, from the Evidence above, That in the Summer Time infectious Diseases are apt to break out, for Want of Room and Air, amongst the Prisoners; that last Summer, particularly, Six or Seven Prisoners died of a Pefti-lential Fever; several have died of the Small Pox, and several of Spotted Fevers, within the Prison; and that," if the Marshal’s own Brother was confined a close Prisoner therein, he could give to him no Relief more than to the other Prisoners; and there is no Conveniency for separating the Sound from the Diseased, but One small Room, fit to contain One Person; and, that if the Prison should be suffered to remain the ensuing Summer in its present State, it may produce an Infcdlion amongst the Prisoners, and may be of the most fatal Consequence.

After this general Representation of the inside State of the Prison, your Committee will not trouble the House wi^h a great Variety of aflfedling Circumstances, that came out in the Course of this Evidence; which all concurred in proving the Place to be inconvenient, dangerous, and unhealthy.

And the said Mr. Poultney and Mr. Steere were of Opinion, that the same cannot be repaired.

Mr. William Soame, being examined, said, That there is a House and Garden, belonging to one Mr. Lyddal, near the said Prison, and within the Precincts thereof, which is very capable of being made an Infirmary; and may be made strong, and fit for the safe keeping of Prisoners, at the Expence of about £. ioo; that there are Eight large Rooms, and Four small ones, in it; and may be fitted up to contain Thirty-two Beds; and which the said Mr. Lyddal is willing to let at £. 25 a Year.

Under the SeconiHead of your Committee’s Inquiry, Vojl. a6.

they examined Mr. Brigs lock, Mr. Blackwell, arid Mr. Langmcre, Agents for the Mortgagees; by whom it appeared, That in February 16845 William Lentball Esquire mortgaged certain Lands, and the Fee-simple of the said Marlhalship, for a Sum of Money, to Sir John Cutler Knight, till the fame, and Interest, should be discharged.; and that there are Glaufes in an Act of che 8th and 9th of King William(intituled, An Act for the more effectual Relief of Creditors, in.Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and pretended privileged Places) relating to the said Mortgage.

And the said Sir John Cutler's Executor, Edmund Boulter, Esquire, his Heirs, Assigns, Administrators and Executors, are to have, by that Act, the Nomination of Marshals of the said Prison, till the said Mortgage, and Interest, is paid off; and that the Right of the said Mortgage devolved upon the Earl of Radnor, who, in the Year 1719, fold all his Right therein to Joseph Studley, and others, in Trust, for the present Mortgagees, or those from whom they derive their Title; and that the Sum then charged by che Earl of Radnor upon the More-, gage was upwards of £. 19,000; and that the Sum of £, 10,500 was, bond Jide, paid for the fame.

And the said Mr. Blackwell delivered to your Committee. a General Account of Debtor and Creditor, hereto annexed, in the Appendix, N* 1.; and leaves the Consideration of their Demand to the Judgment of the House.

Upon the strictest Inquiry* your Committee conld not discover where the original Grantor Patent, upon which the Conveyance of the Fee-simple of the said Marshal-ship was made, by Lentball, to Sir John Cutler, was to be found: And,

Mr. Guthrie, being examined, said. That by certain Evidences, on Record, the said Office formerly appertained to the Office of Earl Marshal oi England-, but by Forfeitures, and Failures of Heirs Male, the said Office often reverted to the Crown; and that he apprehended, when the said Marshalship was in the Earl Marshal, he was obliged to maintain and repair the said Prison.

Mr. Owen, Clerk to Lord Chief Justice Lee, being examined, said, That he had heard one Mr. Long, at Per-Shore, in Worcestershire, talk as if a Client of his was in Possession of the Original Patent: And Mr. Owen wrote to the said Long-, and he (the said Long) wrote a Letter in Answer, which is hereto annexed, in the Appendix, N° 2.

Under the Third Head of Evidence, already mentioned, your Committee begs Leave to refer to a Paper laid before them by the said Mr. Owen, with the Authority and Approbation of the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, which is annexed, in the Appendix, (N° 3.) by which it appears to your Committee, That chat Court has long looked upon the present Exercise of the Marlhalship of the said Prison, under a Mortgage, as a Shame and Scandal to the Publick, becaufeof the Hardships and Dangers arising therefrom, not only to the Prisoners, their Creditors, and that Court, but 10 the Subjects in general; and that Application ought to be made to Parliament thereon.

This Representation, from so great and good an Authority, naturally led your Committee to inquire, in the most ftri<ft Manner, into the Conduct and Behaviour of the present Marshal, Mr. Ashton, and likewise into the Fees, Perquifnes, and Profits of his Place.

And First, It appeared, by the concurring and unanimous Testimony of the above Witnesses, and likewise by that of Baron Steine and Mr. John JJpfdale, Prisoners in the said Prison, that the said Marshal's Behaviour and Conduct in his Office, has been very humane, and that he omitted no Opportunity in his Power of alleviating and relieving the Hardships of the Prisoners in his Custody.

Touching the Fees of his Office, he produced a Table of them, by Order of your Committee; which is annexed, in the Appendix, N* 4.

Touching the Perquisites and Profits of the fame, he produced before your Committee his Books of Accounts, and likewise Abstra6ls from the same, distinguishing Year by Year; which Abstradlsyour Committee checked with the Particulars in his Books; and the whole of his said

6 N Fees,

50 6 24* Martii. A. 1752,

King’s Bench Fees, Perquisites, and Profits, do nor, upon an Average, The feid M r.Poultney and Mr. Store, Surveyors, One

Prison. one Year with another, amount to the Sum which he is of whom had been ordered by the Lord Chief Justice to

yearly obliged by Lease to pay for his Office to the Mori- survey the said Prison, produced to your Committee Plans, gagees, which is £. 500 a Year besides Taxes. and an Elevation, for rebuilding the said Prison; and said.

And by an Abstract of his Accounts for the Years That to build it according to those Plans, includ-1747, 1748, 1749, and 1750, it appears, that, within that ing the external Walls round the Garden, making conve-

Time, the Total of his Receipts amounts to £.3,092.6. 5. nient Shores, Drains, £ffr. will amount to the Sum of

andhi> Disbursements to £. 3,218.18.4.} which Abstract about & 6,500, a*estim*ted by them, is annexed, in the Appendix, N® 5.

APPENDIX

r~

D

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

CD

o

leg

FT

<s

O

P

K>

p\

D'.

1697, Afoy 29.

169S, y/^nV 30,

APPENDIX, N#L

THE Office of Mar/hal of the Marshalsea, on account of the Mortgage from William Lastball Esqujrc, deceased, - - To Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet, also deceased. Cr.

To principal Money then stated and agreed to -

To Interest thereof to this Day> be?ng 336 Days, at 5 per Cent. per Annum -

To Disbursements during this Account* viz. For Taxes, including the last Payment of she 4 s. Aid - -

An Arrear of Tythe to the last Dean of Guernsey's Executors -

To Sundries due last Lady-day \ viz.

A Year’s Tythe for Lacbford -

Salary to Thomas Latham for the same time -

A Year’s Rent to the Dean and Canons of

Windjor....

A Quarter’s Allowance for the Militia Horse -

Repairs during this Account -Law Charges; Hz.

To Mr. Rampaine - Mr. Hardi/ly -

Mr, JodriU....

Mr. Burrough - Mr. Webb -At the House of Commons -

Incident Charges

11 O O

10 O O

44 18 8

I O O

84 O 6

27 O O

12 7 O

2 16 6

I 2 O

I 12 4

£ s & 18,ooi 19 1

911 8 8

81 02

5 10 o

66 18 8

24 3 5

128 18 4

68 a nf

s.

d.

*8/913 7 9

374 *3

£.19,288 1

1697, Sept. 29.

4.

By Half a Year’s Rent then due

for Hajelcy - - - 232 o 6

Latcbford - - - 102 o 1

By Fines this Year from Gilbert Jackson - - - 20 o o

William Cox - - 60 o ©

William Hinton - - 200

John Cowper - - - 6100

John Trench - - - 300

1698,

March 25. By Wood fold this Year for -By Half a Year's Rent due for Hqfeley - 228 15

Latcbford - - - 102 o

334 o

91 10 o 6 15 o

33° if 7

y/pr/V 30. Balance due from Mr. Lenthatt, over and above all Sums of Money paid to and for him, by the Right Honourable the Earl of Radnor -

if-

763

|S,52J

If

19,288

3i

N. B. This Account was made up, and signed by William Lentball Esquire, 26th June 1700.

err

O

v|

45 Geo. II. 24’ Marti!.

e?

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

Dr.

The Office of Marshal of the Marshdlfea.

Cr.

1698, 30.

1699, Afay 29.

1699, Afoy 29.

December 14.

1699, December 14.

1700, 7#/*? 14.

1707*

14.

»7o8,

-^pr/7 J4.

TO Balance of lad Account principal Money

To Interest: thereof to this Day, being One Year and 29 Days, at 5*. per Cent.

To Money advanced to Mr. Lentball, by Simon Folks Esquire, at sundry Times, from 28th July, to 13th January 1689, as per Note To Interest thereof to 29th May 1699, as allowed and paid to Mr. AWfo -

£ 18,525 o

If

1,099 16 6

569 6

36 1

To further Payments by Mr. Folks, from 13th January 1698, to 29th May 1699

To the Earl of Radnor's Note of Disbursements for and on account of Mr. Lentball

To Balance then due; viz. Principal Money Interest -

605 8 51 2

1

10

19,227 16

566 12

5*

o

To Interest of 19,227/. i6j. 5f. to this Day, being 199 Days, at 5 £/. /w Cent, per Annum

To Balance; v/z. Principal Money Interest -

19,227 16 912 6

Si

7

To Six Months Interest of 19,227 /. i6j. 5 f at 5 per Cent. />er Annum - 4

To Balance; viz. Principal Money Interest -

To a Year’s Interest of the said Principal at 5^. per Lent. -

19,22* 16

5*3 5

5i

oi

if. *

19,624 16 71

656 10 11 8270

20,363 14

x9>794 5*

576 11 5

20,370 19 io£

20,140 3 1

528 IS 31

20,668 18 4£

24,441 1 6

1,057 10 6

25,498 12 o

1699, Afoy 29.

BY the neat Profits of HaJeley and Latchford, for the Time of this Account -By Mr. ‘Taylor's Deposit on this Account

Balance due to the said Earl from Mr. Lentbal-, viz.

Principal Money,due 30th April 1698 - - 18,525 o i\

Ditto advanced by Mr. Folks, during this Account 620 9 4

Ditto for his Lordship's Disbursements is per Contra 82 7 o

December 14.

1700, May 8.

June 14.

1708, April 14.

£ s. d. L s. d.

469 6

100 0 0 569 6 1

CT\

Q

00

Interest

£. 19,227 16 566 12

St

o

AT. This Account was made up and signed by William Lentball Esquire, 26 June 170©.

By neat Profits of HaJeley and Latchford, for the Time of this Account

Balance due to the said Earl; viz.

Principal Money -Interest -

19,227

912

16

6

5i

7t

19.794 8 Si

20,363 14 6{

N. B. This Account was made up and signed by William Lentball Esquire, 26th June 1700.

By the neat Produce of Great Hafely, and Latchford, from *14 December last to this Day, in case the Remainders of the last Lady day Rents be fully answered - -

Balance due to the Earl, over and besides all Contingencies in Rent Arrears, as above; viz.

Principal Money - - - - 19,227 16 5I

Interest - - - 1,210 14 1

N. B. This Account was made up and signed by William Lentball Esquire, 26 th June 1700.

Received from the Rents of Great HaJeley and Latchford for the Time of this Account -By the Purchase Money of Great HaJeley and Latch-ford, sold by Act of Parliament, over and above the Fine to the Dean and Canons oi Windsor, for renewing the Lcafeof HaJeley -

789 7 XI

- 7>5°®

Balance due on the Profits of the Queen's Bench Prison, and is to be accounted principal Money, the Interest hitherto being cleared out of the Receipts above -

230 16 9f

1s>

20,140 31 O

20;

1,370 19 IOfc

1:

230 7 10

20,438 10

20,668 1S 4f

8,289 7 11

*7>?09 4 t

25,498 12 O

Vol. 26.

D\

The Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea.

1708,

April 14.

1706, Jug. 20.

1707 > Decern. 24 IJanuary 7.

1708, -^pr/7 14.

On

o

TO Balance of lad Account (the Rents and Profits received from Great Hafelty and Latcbford, and 7,500l. received by Sale thereof, being included in that Account) -

To Colts of the Suit in Chancery to foreclose the Equity of Redemption of the Mortgages -

To Charges of Two Acts of Parliament for Sale of Great Hafcley and Latcbford -

?aid in Part of the Arrears of the Duke of Leeds % Fee Farm Rent of 22/. ioj. od. per Annum

Paid on account of D®

?aid on account of D*

Paid for Repairs from 13th May 1706, to the 14th April 1708, during Part of the Time that Mr. Broughton was Marshal To petty Disbursements at Law, during that Time To Mr, Greenaway for Law Charges -

June 3. jNov. 12.

I7I°> May 20.

£ 5° 0

20

s. d.

17,209 4 1

To Balance brought down -

To Interest thereof from that Time to the 23d September 1718, being 10 Years 3 Months and 71 Days, at 5I per Cent.

To Law Charges from 14th /. Ipril 1708 to 6th February 1712, being the Remainder of the Time that Mr. Broughton was Marshal To Repairs during that Time -

Paid in full for the Duke Leeds's Fee Farm Rent, to 1705

Paid in full for D" to Lady-day 1708

Paid on account of the Duke of Leeds's Fee Farm Rent -Paid for Repairs from 6th February 1712, to 10th February 1715.

during the Time that Mr. Cooke was Marshal -Paid on account of the Land Tax during that Time Paid for Repairs from 10th February 1715, to 23d September 1718, during the Time that Captain Crawford was Marshal -To the Land Tax and Trophy Money from 10th February 17x5, to Lady day 1718-To Law Charges since 10th February 1715 To Half a Year’s Land Tax to Michaelmas 1718 To the Duke of Leeds for his Fee Farm Rent to Lady-day 1716

60 O O

200 O O

80 O O

70 O O

448 17 1

lS IO O

30 O O

£.18,113 I 1 2

>5*738 6 8

9»°35 5 IO

>4 IO 6

416 >5 8

74 O O

48 O O

RECEIVED by the Profits of the Office of Marshal, from 25th December 1700, to the 17th April 1701, during the Time that Mr-1 Gunibert was Marshal - -1 200 4 6

Received by D°, from 11th April 1701, to 11 th November 1703,!

during the Time that Mr. Sutton was Marshal - - - -| 5°°

Received by D°, from nth November 1703, to the 13th May 1706,

during the Time that Mr. Southward was Marshal - - 1 800

Received by D°, of Mr. Broughton Marshal, who agreed to pay 500l. per Annum, clear of Taxes, from 13th May 1706, tol 1708, 14th April 170a: including Seven Terms 875

April 14. Balance due to the Earl of Radnor - - - 15>738

trr

O

M

O

29

128

172

163

7

*4

2fi3 13 9

36 6 10

52 10 o 130 IS o

O O O o

o o 6 8

£.18,113 11 2

Received by the Profits of the Office of Marshal, from the 4th April\ 1708, to the 6th February 1712, being the Remainder of the| Time that Mr. Broughton was Marshal Received by D°, from Mr. Cooke, from 6th February 1712, to iothj February 1715, during the Time that he was Marshal

!Received by D", from Captain , then Marshal, from lothl

Felruary 1715, to the 23d September 17181 including 10 Terms,| at the Rate of 700 /. per Annum Received upon the Deputations, and other inferior Officers belongingl to the King's Bench Prison, during the Time the Earl of

2,455 o o 1,320 6 10

1,750 o o

Sept. 23.

26,294 9 a

had been in the Possession of the Profics thereof Balance due to the Earl of viz.

Principal - -

Interest -

£ 15>738 6 3*545 *5

81

8

.48 s

19,184 2 4.

N. B. This Account was signed by my Lord,

20th September 1718.

JL<\ 26,294 9 a

or

a

w

tJ.3*

3 ttf: a>

3

n

txf

Dr.

1718, Sept. 23.

1727» Sept. 23.

y 3 o'"!

3 03

The Office of Marffiai of the Marshalsea.

TO Principal, as by last Account

I ‘ 19,284 2 4

Interest - -

To Inured of 15,738/. 6s 8d. from 23d September 1718, to 23 September 1727, being Nine Years, at 5/. \o s. per Cent, per Annum To Money paid for Taxes, Repairs, and other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1718, to Trinity Term 1719 To Money paid for Taxes, Repairs, enlarging the Rules, and other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1719, to Trinity Term 1720 To Money paid for Taxes, Repairs, Insurance against Fire, and other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1720, to Trinity Term 1721 To Money paid for Taxes, Repairs, and ocher Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1721, to Michaelmas Term 1722, being Five Terms -To Money paid several Workmens Bills, during the Time Mr. Machen was Marffiai, and other Expences -To Money paid for Repairs, Land Tax, Law Charges, surveying the Prison, and other Expences, from Hilary Term 1724, to Michaelmas Term 1726, being 8 Terms....

To Money paid for Land Tax, Commissioners of Sewers Tax, repairing the Vault in the Garden next the Sewer, and other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1726, to Trinity Term 1727, being Three T erms

1^.19,284 2 4

To Balanceoflaft Account; Principal

Interest

- 15*738

- 5.623

d.

8

IO

To Interest of 15,738 /. 6s. 8 d. from the 18th September 1727, to the 28th November 17 29 (the last Day of Michaelmas Term) being 2 Years and 71 Days, at 5/. 10 s. per Cent. -To Money paid for Land Tax, Common Sewers, Insurance Money, Law Charges, and other Expences, from the Beginning Michaelmas Term 1727, to the End of Trinity Term 1728, being Four Terms To Money paid for Land Tax, Common Sewers, and other Expences, from the Beginning of Michaelmas Term 1728, to the End of Trinity 7'erm 1729, being Four Terms -

To Money paid for Land Tax, and other Disbursements, for Michaelmas Term 1729

£ s. d.

15.738 6 8

3.545 15 8

7>7 9° 8 9

244 J9 0

289 7 8

169 16 8

191 I 6

>77 18 8

674 I 1

123 3 4

£.28,944 19 o

21,361 16 6

1,899 8 o

176 9 10

110 6 10

33 1? 0

23,582 o 1

»7*7» Sept. 23

1729>

Nov* 28.

BY Money received of David Crawford Esquire, Marffiai, for Rent from Michaelmas Term 1718; to Hilary Term 17 21, being 14 Terms By Money received upon Deputations granted to Tipstaffs, and other inferior Officers belonging to the Prison, from Michaelmas Term 1718, to Hilary Term 1721 -By Money received of Richard Machen Esquire, Marffiai, for Rent, from Easter Term 1722, to 1724, being the whole Time he was Marffiai By Money received upon Depurations granted to the Clerk of the Papers, Tipstaffs, and other inferior Officers belonging to the Prison, from Easter Term 1722, to 1724, being the whole Time Mr. Machen was Marffiai -

By Money received of Richard Mullens Esquire, Marffiai, for Rent, from Hilary Term 1724, to Michaelmas Term 1726, being 8 Terms By Money received upon Deputations granted to Tipstaffs, and other inferior Officers belonging to the Prison, from Hilary Term 1724, to Michaelmas Term 1726' -

By-Money received of- Richard Mullens Esquire, Marffiai, for Rent, from Michaelmas Term 1726, to the End of Trinity Term 1727, being 3 Terms -

By Money received on account of the Office of Clerk of the Papers

l- d-

By Principal remaining due - - - 151738 6 8

Interest - - - - 5,623 9 10

N B. Copies of all the foregoing Accounts were delivered to the Master of the King's Bench Office, pursuant to a Rule of that Court, made in Easter Term 1726; whereby it was referred to the said Master to examine and certify what the Debt due to the Mortgagees amounted to; and, after such Examination, the Taid Master, by his Report, made in Hilary Term, 1727, certified, that there appeared to be due the above-mentioned Sum of 21,361/. 16 s. 6d.

By- Money received of Richard Mullens Esquire, Marffiai, for Rent, from the Beginning of Michaelmas Term 1727, to the End of Trinity Term 1728, being Four Terms -By Money received upon Deputations, from Michaelmas Term 1727 to Trinity Term 1728 -By Money received of Richard Mullens Esquire, Marffiai, for Rent, from the Beginning of Michaelmas Term 1728, to the End of Trinity Term 1729, being Four Terms -By Money-received of D% for Rent for Michaelmas Term 1729, Balance due; viz. Principal - £>'l5>13% 6

Interest - - 6,210 18

£- s. d-2,450 o o

293 o o !>924 7

861 o o 1,400 o o

99 *5 o

525 o o 30 o o

21,361 16 6

Cn

o

£.28,944 19 O

o


700 o o 57 15 0

700 o o 175 o o

21,949 5 2

23,i;8z o 2

Cn

N>

c

o

r

Dr.

The Office of Marshal of the Ma'shalfea.

C\

g

ca

n'

CD

Q.

CT

o

o

c§

rT

to '729, L s £ s. d. >73',

5* Nov. 2# TO Balance of last Account; vizPrincipal - - *5*73^ 6 8 Feb. 28.

Interest - - 6,210 18 6

173l> — 21,949 5 2

Feb. 28. To Interest of 1 5,738/. 6s. %d. principal Money, from 28th November 1734,

17 :q.to this Day, being 2 Years and 3 Months, at 5/. tos.per Cent. >.9-17 12 4 Feb. 28.

To Cash paid for Taxes, Repairs, and other Expenses, from the End

of Michaelmas Term 1729, to the End of Hilary Term 1731,

1724. being Nine Terms - -- -- - 3*7 >5 3 *737.

Feb. 28. To Inrereft of 15,738/. 6s. 8 d. from 28th Feb. 1731* to this Day, s 10. 00

being 3 Years - -- -- - 2,596 l6 6

To Call) paid for Taxes, Repairs, surveying the Prison, and other

Expences from the Bind of Hilary Term 1731, to the End of >740,

1737’ Hilary Term 1754, being 12 Terms ----- 39* 7 7 Feb. 28.

Icb. 23. To Interest of 15,738/. 6s. 8d. from 28th February 1734, to this

Day, being 3 Years - 2,596 16 6

To Cash paid for Land Tax*, and other Expences, from the End of Hilary 1743,

>74°> Tern) 1734, to the End of Hilary Term 1737, being 12 Terms - 231 I O Feb. 28.

Feb. 28. To Interest of 15,738/. 6j. 8d. from 28 February 1737, to this

Day, being 3 Years 2,596 16 6

To Cash paid for Taxes, Repairs, surveying the Prison, and to Fire- >747,

men, and other Expences, from the End of Hilary Term 1737> to June 27.

i74?> the End of Hilary derm 1740, being 12 Terms - 721 17 8

Feo. 28. To Interest of 15,738/. 6s. 8 d. from 28 February 1740, to this Day,

being 3 Years - -- 2,596 16 6

To Cash paid for Land Tax, Insurance, and other Expences, from the End of Hilary Term 1740, to the End of Hilary Term, 1743, Oftob. 21.

174*7. being 1 2 Terms - -- -- - 397 3 4 1 751»

p CO To Interest of 15,738/. 6 j. %d. from 28 February 1743, to this Day, July 12.

>747. being 3 Years - -- 2,596 16 6

May 12. To Cash paid for Land Tax, Law Charges, and other Expences,

from the End of Hilary Tern) 1743, to this Day - 483 18 IO

Feb. 28. To Interest of 1 q.738/. bs. 8 d. from 28th February 1746, to this

Day, being Years - -- -- - 3,462 8 8

To Cash paid for Land Tax, and other Expences, fiftce the 12 May 1747 45* 9 I

> 43.35° 5

lo a Year’s Interest of 15,7 38/ 6s. 8d. from 28th February 1750,

m o to 28 February 175;, N. S. 865 12 2

> — w £ 44,215 13 7

BY Cash received of Richard Mul'ens Esquire, for Rent, from the last Day of Michaelmas Term 1719, to this Day, being 9 Terms -By D° received upon Deputations being granted to inferior Officers, during the Time above-mentioned -

By Dw received of Richard Mullens Esquire^ for Rent, from the last Day of Hilar)' Term 17 31, to this Day, being 12 Terms -By D° received upon Deputations being granted to inferior Officers, during the Time above-mentioned -

By D° received of Richard Mullens Esquire, for Rent, from the last Day of Hilary Term 1734, to this Day, being 12 Terms -By D" received upon Deputations, being granted to inferior Officers during the Time last above-mentioned -By D° received of Richard Mullens Esquire, for Rent, from the last Day of Hilary Term 1737, to this Day, being 12 Terms -By D° received upon Deputations being granted to inferior Officers during the Time last above-mentioned -By D° received of Richard Mullens Esquire, for Rent, from the last Day of Hilary Term 1740, to this Day, being 12 Terms -By D° received on a Deputation being granted of the Office of Clerk of the Papers - -

By D° received of Richard Mullens Esquire, and Mr. Henry Brou>n> his Surety, for Rent, from the last Day of Hilary Term 1743, to 12th May last, being the Day of Mr. Mullens's Death By D° received on a Deputation being granted of the Office of Deputy Marshal ——

By D° received of John Ashion Esquire, Marshal, for Rent, from the 12 May, to the End of Easter Term last -By Cash received of him more, for Rent, from the End of Easter Term 1747, to the End of Hilary Term 1750, being 15 Terms -By D° received on Deputations being granted to inferior Officers since the 12th of May 1747 -

By an Error in the Debtor Side of last Account, being j Days Tnr^ft fj*0m ( g(h instead of the 23d of

Interest overcharged j viz September 1727

By Balance

L s. d.

i,4CO 0 0

126 0 0

1,800 0 0

94 10 O

1,800 0 0

84 0 0

1,800 0 0

213 5 O

1,800 0 0

3° 0 0

1,872 11 8

250 0 0

27 8 4

>,875 0 0

1,087 4 0

*4»259 >9 0

11 >7 2

14,271 16 a

29»943 >7 5

44>*l5 >3 7

Crt

H

SpcS

if

25 Geo. II. . 40 Mar Hi.

512

240 Martii.

A. 1751.

£ing*sBench APPENDIX, N° 1.

Pnfoh. Sir, Perjhore, 9th 1752.

On Thursday last I went to fVorcefier Assizes, and on "Friday was taken ill with the Gout; which occasioned my not returning till Yesterday in the-Afternoon, when I found yours at my House, of the 5th instant.

I have some Grants and other Deeds, now in my Custody, belonging to the Office of Marshal of the King’s Marshalsea; most of which are wrote in Latin Abbreviations, in the old Court-hand, and most of them contain Three or Four large Skins each; so that it was impossible, had I been at home, when your Letter came, on Saturday, to have lent you up Copies by that Night’s Poll, as you desired, or even by the Post To-night.

And as I am now laid up, exceedingly bad with the Gout, and confined to my Room, I am not at present able to peruse those Deeds, to give you any Satisfaction relating thereto; but 1 hope in a few Days 1 may be in a Capacity for the Purpose.

These Writings was delivered to me by a Client of mine, who claimed the Office of Marshal, with Intent to prefer a Bill in the Court of Chancery against the Mortgagees, inPoffeflion of the Profits of the Office, to account and deliver up the fame; my Client being fully convinced that the Mortgagees had, many Years since, not only been fully paid, but that a considerable surplus Sum of Money was in their Hands to be accounted for; but my Client, soon after I had received the Writings, died, so that the Affair dropt: But the Writings now belong to his Widow, to whom he, by his Will, devised all his Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy. I am, Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Hen. Long.

To Mr. Thomas Owen, Attorney at Law,

over against the End of Plough-court,

Carey-street, Lincoln's Inn, London.

APPENDIX, N° 3.

Thomas Owen, Clerk to the Right Honourable the Lord Chief Justice Lee, pursuant to Order, attended the Committee; and, being examined, declareth as folio we th:

That about Thirteen Years ago, and for several Years before, he was Deputy Marshal of the Court of Kings Bench; and as such, and since he hath been Clerk to his Lordship, hath been acquainted with the State and Condition of the King's Bench Prison.

Saith, The same is a very ancient Building, and was, as he hath heard, and believes, the Stables of King John; and faith, the said Prison is very incommodious for the Purpose to which it is now converted.'

Saith, That Prisoners, from all Parts of the Kingdom, are committed thereto, either for criminal or civil Matters, cognizable in the Court of King's Bench; and, that the said Prison ought to be more commodious than it is at present, for the Reception of the Unfortunate; and a Place of much greater Strength and Security, for the safe Custody of the Guilty; Saith, the Walls thereof are so thin, old, rotten, and crazy, that there hath not been a remarkable high Wind, for many Years past, that hath not blown down many Parts of the Wall of the said Prison; and would have made a general Gaol Delivery of the Prisoners therein, was not the greatest Care and Diligence used, by the Marshal and his Officers, to prevent it.

Saith, That in the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, when all the Prisons about this Capital were full of Prisoners. the Prison of the King's Bench (the most proper Prison for such a Purpose) was deemed a Place of so little Safety, and ib iniecure, that not One State Prisoner was confined therein.

Saith, He ha:h oftentimes heard the late Marshal, Mullens, ffi-Uare (who w>s a very humane good-natured Man), that when he was first appointed Marshal, he used weekly to order Beef, Pork, Broths, and other Victuals, to be difliffiuted among such of his Prisoners as he thought

were the greatest Objects of Charity; but was soon obliged to leave off those Donations, having found that the annual Rent, Taxes, and Outgoings, which, at that time, amounted to Eight or Nine hundred Pounds per Annum, was actually more than the Fees, Profits, and Perquisites, arising from the said Office.

Saith, He knows, that during the time the late Lord Raymond presided.as Chief Justice of the said Court, that great and many Complaints v/ere then made to his Lordship, of the Inconveniencies arising to the Prisoners, by the Payment of so large an annual Rent, by the Marshal of the said Prison; and, he hath oftentimes heard his Lordship declare, it was a Shame, and a Scandal to the Publick, that the Affairs of the Prison were permitted to remain in such a Situation.

Saith, He is also well afifured, that my Lord Hard-wicke, during the time his Lordship was Chief Justice of the said Court, was of the same Opinion, that the said Mortgage ought to be paid off and discharged.

Saith, That for the Space of Twelve Years last past, he hath been Clerk to the present Lord Chief Justice of the said Court; during which time many Petitions have been presented to the said Court and his Lordship, complaining, that Three, Four, or more Prisoners, were put into One Room; which the Judges (who are always ready to hear the Complaints of the meanest Prisoner) would have prevented, had it been in their Power; but, from the Straightness of the Prison, have found it impossible to redress the Grievance complained of.

Saith, That many Petitions have also been presented to his Lordship, praying, to be discharged without Payment of their Fees; several of whom, on his I.ordship’s Pleasure being signified to the Marshal, have been, accordingly, discharged; as many others would have been, had not his Lordship well known, that by a too frequent Compliance with such Requests, it would be impossible for the MarihaJ, and his Officers, who all purchase their Places, to pay the Rent that is even now paid for the said Office.

Saith, That from the time of this Examinant’s first coming into his Lordfnip’s Service, until now, it hath been his Lordship’s Opinion, that it was very detrimental to the Prisoners, and the Publick, that the Office of Marshal was let to Sale; and the said Court so far interposed with the Proprietors and Mortgagees of the said Office, as he hath heard, and believes, that the Rent is much less now, than was formerly paid for the said Office; and his Lordship was fodefirous that proper Methods should be taken, in relation to the Discharge of the said Mortgage, that he ordered this Examinant, about Three Years ago, as near as he can recoiled as to the Time, to give Notice to the said Proprietors and Mortgagees, to deliver in a dated Account of their Demands on the said Office; which this Examinant then did, on Mr. Langmore, their Attorney or Agent, in the Words, or to the Effect, mentioned in a Paper Writing, signed by this Declaranr, marked with the Letter (A).

Saith, That in pursuance of such Notice, said Mr. Langmore delivered to his Lordship the Account marked Letter (B).

Saith, That since this Examinant’s Order to attend this Honourable Committee, he hath acquainted his Lordship thereof; who hath authorized this Examinant to acquaint the said Committee, that it is with his Lordship’s Consent, Concurrence, and highest Approbation, that Application hath been made to the House to rebuild the said Prison, and pay off the said Mortgage; and that his Lordship hopes it will meet with such immediate Dispatch, as the Nature of the same shall require.

Thos. Gwen.

(A) In Appendix N°. 3.

To William Martin Esquire, and the rest of the Mortgagees of the Office or Place of Marshal of the King’s

Marshalsea.

Gentlemen,

You are desired, within One Week from the Date hereof, to deliver at the Chambers of the Right Honourable the Lord Chief Justice Lee, in Serjeants Inn, an

Account

Militia,

25 Geo. II.

2 40 Martii,

513

Account of the Principal and Interest which you now claim to be due to you, on the Mortgage of the Office or Place of Marshal of the King’s Marshalsea, together with futh Sums of Money as you have, from time to time, received, for the Sale or Alienation of such Places or Offices as have been filled up by you, as Mortgagees of the said Office; to the Intent, that if you shall consent and agree (upon Payment of what shall appear to be justly clue to you for the fame) to deliver up the Grant, heretofore

made by the Crown, of the said Office or Place of Mar- King's Bench shal to William Lentbal Esquire, deceased, and his Heirs, Prison, for ever (which said Grant is assigned over, in Trust, for your Use) Application may be made to his Male!'ey to pay off the said Mortgage; or, in case of your Refusal, to Parliament, to enforce so reasonable a Proposal. I am.

Gentlemen,

Your humble Servant.

(B) In Appendix, N° 3.

s.

d.

King's Bench Prison. Dr.

An ACCOUNT of Money due to Thomas Martin Esquire, and oriiers, Assignees of the late Earl of Radnor, from the King's Bench Prison.

Hil. Term. / Bv a Receipt then made, by thcY £.

ia. Geo. 2. f ’Mailer of the Kings Bench f g

Office, there appeared due to the said£2,3 1 Thomas Martin, and others, the Sum of}

To Interest for the fame, to Hilary Term I 1748, being Twenty-one Years, - - -)

16 6

Per Contra Nett Money received for the Fees and Profits of sche Office of Mar-dial of the King's Bench Prison, from Hilary derm 1727, to Easter Term 1748 inclusive, the Sum of -

Cr.

£ s. d.

10,149 ’4 4

APPENDIX, N° 4.

A TABLE of FEES to be taken by the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, in the County of , for any Prisoner or Prisoners committed, or coming into Gaol, or Chambers Rent there, or Discharge from thence on any Civil Action.

Settled and established the 17th Day of December 1730.

lftly. To the Marshal, for every Prisoner committed on any Civil Action, -

adiy. To the Turnkey on the Matter Side, - -

3dly. To the Marshal, on the Discharge of every such Prisoner, -

4thly. To the Deputy Marshal, on the Discharge of One or more Action, Executions, or other Charges, and no further Fee, though there be ever so many Actions,

5thly. To the Clerk of the Paper?, for the First Action upon the Dischargei -6thly, To the Clerk of the Papers, for every Action, Execution, or other Charge, to be paid on the Discharge, -

7thly. To the Deputy Marshal, upon the Commitment of any Prisoner, in Court, or at Judges Chambers, in any Civil Action, if carried to the King's Bench Prison, -8thly. To the Clerk of the Papers, for the fame, -

9thly. To the said Deputy Marshal, for a Surrender, in Discharge of Bail, be there never so many Actions, -

xothly. To the Clerk of the Papers, for each Action upon such Surrender, -

11 tlily. To each of the Tipstaffs, 2 s. 6d. for each Prisoner, committed by the Court, and carried to the King's Bench Prison, in the whole - -

izthly. To the Tipstaff that carries any Prisoner, committed at a Judge’s Chambers, to the said Prison,

13thly- To the Marshal for the Use of Chamber, Bed, Bedding, and Sheets, for each Prisoner, if provided by the Gaoler at the Prisoner’s Request, for the First Night, the Common Side of the said Prison, -

14thly. For the like Use, for every Night the Prisoner shall remain in Custody, after the First I5thly. And if Two lie in a Bed, 1 d. each -

i6thly. For the like Use, for every Prisoner that goes on the Matter Side, the First Night, -17thly. For the like, every Night after the First, ——

i8thly. And if Two lie in a Bed, id. each, -

No other Fee for the Use of Chamber, Bed, Bedding, or Sheets, upon the Commitment or Discharge of any Prisoner on any Civil Action.

L s. d

O 4 s

O 1 6

O 7 4

O 4 0

O 3 0

0 0 4

O 1 0

O 1 0

O 1 0

O 0 6

O 10 0

O 6 8

O 0 6

O 0 1

0 0 a

0 0 6

0 0 S

0 0 4

APPENDIX, N° 5.

Office of Marshal Dr. £ * d. To sundry Expences in 1747. - - -831122 To D". - - - - in 1748. - 831 12 2 To I)’. - - - - in 1749. - 781 12 0 To D". - - - - in 17501051.- - 774 2 0 Contra C\ L s. d By various Fees in 1747. - 885 18 3 By D°. - - - in 1748. - 752 3 By D°. - - - in 1749. 70a . 1 7 By D°. - - - in 1750 to..51. - 752 3 6

£. 3,218 j 8 4 £.3,092 6 5

To Law Charges, &c. for four Years. John Ashton, Marshal.

Mr. Thornton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make the Militia in that Part of Great Britain, called Eng-/W, moreulefu], was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill 5 and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table,

Vol, 26.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr.

Waste:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by Preventing this House to Clause (A), added by their Lordships to the Robberies,

6 P Bill, &c*


An Aver to Address.

Preventing

Murder.

Aliens' Children.

5*4

2 4° — 2 50 Martii. A. 1752.

Bill, intituled, An Act For the better preventing. Thefts and Robberies; and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses; and do not infill on such of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, to which this House hath disagreed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 50 Martii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752. Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (to desire his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to make Inquiry into the present State of the Island of Jamaica; and also touching the several other Matters mentioned in the said Act-dress; and to prepare, and lay the Whole before this House, at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better preventing the horrid Crime of Murder, with Ibme- Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Con side ration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add Clause mark’d (X).

(X). <c Provided always, and be it enacted, by the " Authority aforesaid, That, in case the Person or Per-<c Tons, who shall be in being, and capable to take, at the a Death of the Ancestors so dying seised of any such Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, €< and upon whom the Descent shall be cast, by virtue of " this Act, or of the said recited Act, shall happen to be <c a Daughter or Daughters of an Alien j and that the cc Alien, Fither or Mother, through whom such Descent cc shall be derived, by such Daughter or Daughters, shall " afterwards have a Son born, within any of his Majesty's €t Realms or Dominions, the Descent so cast upon such u Daughter or Daughters shall be divested in favour of " fuchSon j and such Son shall inherit and take the Estate, <c in like manner as is allowed by the common Law-of this " Realm, in Cafes of the Birth of a nearer Heir; or in <c case such Father or Mother shall have no Son or Sons, " but shall have One or more Daughter or Daughters, <c afterwards born within any of his Majesty’s Realms or " Dominions, the Daughter or Daughters so born afeer-" wards shall inherit and take in Coparcenary with the l( Daughter or Daughters, upon whom the Descent shall <c be cast at the Death of the Ancestor last feiled; any " thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise cc notwithstanding.*’

The said Amendment was read a Second time j and, being an ingossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Tbwnjlxnd do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Preventing Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Murdcf-An Act for better preventing the horrid Crime of Murder.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

«Pr. 1. L. co. After <c that," insert " from and <c after the First Day of Easter Term, in the Year of our " Lord 1752."

L. 23. After c< next," leave out " follow-' fc ing," and insert but One."

Pr. 2. L. 16. After " Day," insert c< but one."

Pr. 3. L. 17. After <c buried," insert " unless after €t such Body shall have been difiefted and anatomized as " aforesaid."

L. 32, 33. Leave out of from any other Per-cc son or Persons whatsoever," and insert u that no Person or Persons whatsoever, except die Gaoler or Keeper, ft or his Servants, shall have Accel!s to any such Prisoner."

Pr. 4. L. 4 Leave out <c hereby*," and, instead thereof, insert " herein before, or herein after."

Pr. 5. L. 6. Leave out from 'c Execution," to " every," in the 16th Line of the same Press.

L. 19. Before " provided," insert Clause marked (X).

(X). " And be it further enacted, by the Authority <c aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever K shall, after such Execution had, by Force refeue, or " attempt to refeue, the Body of such Offender out of " the Custody of the Sheriff, or his Officers during the " Conveyance of such Body to any of the Places hereby a directed, or shall by Force refeue, or attempt to refeue,

<c such Body from the Company of Surgeons, or their <c Officers or Servants, or from the Ploufe of any Sur-€t geon where the same shall have been deposited, in pur-c< fuance of this Act 5 every Person so offending shall be " deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony; and shall " be liable to be transported to some of his Majesty’s <c Colonies or Plantations in America, for the Term of of Seven Years, in like manner as is directed by the Laws <c now in Force, relating to the Transportation of Fe-u Ions."

The said Amendments, as far as the Clause marked (X), being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Qucf* tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Clause marked (X) was read a Second time; and, being an ingossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Lyttleton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed, That the Persons com- privilege, plained of upon Friday last, for a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath (a Member of this House) had promised to make Satisfaction to the said Sir William Stanhope, in relation to the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scarborough to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of Pier, his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, and for making the said Act more effectual, without any Amendment: And also,

The

.’’j*

25 Geo. II. 250 — 2 6° 515

MrijboWi

Nat.

Gatton Writ.

Royal Assent to Bills.


The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by An Act ro continue, explain, and amend, several Laws* this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Dittemper Joban Meijbcbm. which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this King-

And then the MdTengers withdrew. dom.

An Act to indemnify Persons, who have omitted to And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and also Morning, Nine of the Clock. Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of

the Execution of Articles of Clerkship, within the Time

Jovisy 26° die Martii;

Anno 25° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1752.

Prayers.

QRDEREDy That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to ierve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surry, in the room of Char es Knowles Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesty's island of Jamaica, and others the Territories depending thereon.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers *, where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A (Tent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, therein also mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the several other Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferable at the South Sea House.

An Act for continuing the Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee, in his Majesty’s Plantations in America-, and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, lo much of an Act, as relates to the Premiums upon the Importation of Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine.

An Act to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment of a Duty; and for Relief of James Guthrie, with respect to the Duties paid and secured upon a Quantity of Tobacco, burnt at the Port of Kircudbright; and for giving further Time for Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Concrafts of Clerks and Apprentices.

An Act for avoiding, and putting an End to, certain Doubts and Questions relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils concerning real Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown, unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for corrcfting the Calendar now in Use.

Vol 26.

limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes.

An Act to obviate Doubts that have arisen with regard to the Admission of the Vaffids of the Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties.

An Act to open the Port of Lancaster, for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland.

An Act to open the Port of Great Yarmouth, for the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland.

An Act for the more effectual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery.

An Act to restrain the making Insurances on foreign Ships, bound to or from the East Indies.

An Act for the Application of a Sum of Money, therein mentioned, granted to his Majesty, for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Cadies, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and to vest the Lands, Forts, Cadies, Slaves, and Military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned.

An Act for giving a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Execution of their Office; and for the Amoval of Coroners, upon a lawful Conviction, for certain Mifde-meanours.

An Act to render valid and effectual all Contrafts and Agreements, which shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital, and for ascertaining the Recompence that shall be made for the fame.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to deposit Corps in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the fame.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers in the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evange/ijl, in the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by Two several Acts of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty *s Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty PortCustoms there.

An Act ro explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majestyfs Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, and for making the said Act more effectual.

An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies; and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment; and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses.

An Act for better preventing the horrid Crime of Murder.

An Act to obviate Doubts, that may arise upon an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects

5i« i6b Marth. A. 1752.

t jests to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, nocwithfbnding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

An Act to continue, and make more effectual, an Act, passed in the Second Vearof the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Shephards Sherd and Horsely Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of IVilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road front the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset , and also th£ Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington, in the same County; and for repairing the Road from Heytesbury to Anftrow Hilly in the County of Wilts.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oaky on Wrotham Heathy to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kettty and from thence to the Village of Foots Cray, in the said County.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Ci-reyjcester, to the Town of Stroud\ and that Part of Rod-borough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading From Cirencester, towards Biftey, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill; all in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for repairing the Roads from IVallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Far-ringdon\ and also from IVdntage to If don, in the said County.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Green Mart, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence by Road Church, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenjor, and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through EUefmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh.

An Act for widening and repairing the Road from Combe Bridge, in the County of Somerset, to Bradford\ in the County of Wilts, and from thence through Hilperton, and so far over Ashton Common, as to join the Road which leads from Steeple A(hton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford aforesaid, to Cockhill Gate, in the said County of Wilts.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tin-head Hill, to The Round Stone, in Trowbridge j and from Flinty Nap to Western Down, in the Parish of Edinglon, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads, in the Coemties of Witts and Somerset, leading towards the Cities of Bristol and Bath.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Long Horse-ley Bar or Gate, on the Pod Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittinghamt to the River Brtamish, and from thsnce to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, One through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibjey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Hallifax.

An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through JDesborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton, Seagrave',

and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to The Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Midford\ Thropple, Long Wit-ton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall. to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for repairing the high Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds through Harwood, to the South-weft Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence, in Two Branches (One through Ripley, over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water-course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York-, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to Neiv Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York r and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

An Act for repairing the Road from Knaresborough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to Green Haynerton, in the same County \ and for making the same a high Carriage Road.

An Act for repairing the Poll Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boat House Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling; and also from Falkirk to Kelfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Post Road, to the City of Glasgow.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witch Crofsi and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate; and from Off ham to Witch Cross aforesaid; all lying within the County of Sussex.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilis, to the Top of Toggbill, in the County of Gloucester 5 and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the said County of Gloucester.

An Act for amending, and making more effectual, federal Acts for amending the Roads from the City of London to East Grinfteady in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry i and for more effectually repairing the Road from Newington through Camberwell, \n the said County to New Cross, in the County of Kent', and for repairing and widening the Road from Camberwell Green, to The Fox under the Hill, in the Parish of Camberwell.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carliflt to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also tha Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dyke Bridge, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley\ in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwall, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called Tht Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Wtircester, and through a Place called Roberts End Street to Malvern Chace, in the said County of Worcester.

10 An

r

£5 Geo;IL

An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from An Act for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of hoikbe, Royal* Atttni the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to Part of the settled Estate of Richard Hopton Esquire* and the several Places called the Half-way Ashfin the Parish of others; and laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Docklow, Herefordshire Lake, in the Parish of Whitburne, Purchase of an entire Estate, to be settled to the same Perry Bridge, in the Parish of Stoke Bliss, leading through, Uses.

the several Parishes of Edwin, Ralph, Collingtoti, and the An Act to impower the Committee or Committees of

Hamlet of Little Kyre, Sapp Wood, in the Parish of Upper ‘Thomas Shuthcote Esquire, a Lunatick, for the Time being,

Sapey, Bishops Froome, Wooferu^ood Gate, and Hereford- to make Leases, and Copyhold Grants, of his Eftares in shire Lake, in the said Parish of Bromyard, in the Coun- the Counties of Berks, Essex, and Surrey; and for other ties of Hereford and IVurcester^ Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small An Act for vesting the real Estate of William Barnefley

Debts, in the Town and Port of Uverpoole, and Liber- Esquire, deceased, in Trustees* for the Benefit ot William ties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Barnefley Esquire, his only Son and Heir, who is aLuna-

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small tick; and for raising Money to pay the Costs of several Debts within the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County Suits and Proceedings at Law, and in Equity, brought of Hertford, and the several Towns, "Pariffies^ Wards, for Recovery of the said Estate.

Hamlets, and Places within the Liberty of Saint Albans. An Act for vesting the Manor of Stepney, and divers

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Stepney, in the

Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of County of Middle [ex, comprised in the Marriage'Scttie-Deritend, thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick. ment of John Wicker Esquire, in him and his Heirs; and An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small for settling Lands in the Counties of Suffix, Surrey, and Debts, within the City, and County of the City, of Can- Kent, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of that Settlement. terbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame. An Act to impower John Preston Merchant, to make

An Act for . enabling William Duke of Devonshire to a Jointure on any future Marriage, make Provision for his younger Sons, out of his Estate An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the in the County of Huntingdon. Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the

An Act for suppiying certain Defects and Omissions in Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound a Settlement of the Family Estates of Peregrine Duke of with George Whitehead, of Bridol, Merchant, and his Sure-Ancdfter and Kefteven, by enabling him to raise Portions ties, John Whitehead, and Thomas Whitehead, a JDebo thereout for his Daughters, in the manner therein men- due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco, tioned. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Lascelles, of

An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of London, Merchant, With Elizabeth Southwicke, his now William late Marquis of Pozvis, to make Sales, Exchanges, Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other and Leases, of divers Parts of his Estate, for the Purposes Purposes therein mentioned.

therein mentioned; and for making the Exemplification An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Benson Gen- of the same Will, and attested Copies of the Inrolment deman, with Jane Board, his now Wife, and to enable thereof, Evidence in ail Courts in Great Britain. him to marry again and for other Purposes therein

An Act to enable the Right Honourable William Lord mentioned.

Blantyre, and the Heirs of Entail, for the Time being. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance to alienate, by way of Exchange or Excambion, certain of the Manor of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, ta Lands in the Constabulary of Hadington, and Shire of Trustees, in Trust, for Thomas Or by Hunter Esquire, and Edinburgh. his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be

An Act for confirming a Lease, or Grant, made by the paid for the fame.

Devifeesof the real Estate, late of the Right Honourable An Act to extinguish the Right of the Lord of the Bujfy late Lord Manfel, in the County of Glamorgan, to Manor of Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, of keep-Rowland Pyti Iron Master, for certain Purposes therein inga Warren for Conies, on Linall Common, the Bircbim expressed. Valley, and the Lytb, and for securing to thfe said Lord the

An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties- of Rent now paid for the fame; and for annexing and unit-Norfolk and Suffolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlements ing the said B'trcbin Valley to several ancient Copyholds or of Sir William Haybord Baronet, and Knight of the most Customary Tenements, within the said Manor.

Honourable Order of the Bath, and for purchasing other An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof. and Common Meadows, of Narborow, otherwise Narbo-- An Act for providing and securing Portions of Main- rough, in the County of Leicester. tenance for the younger Sons and Daughter of Sir Thomas An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Heathcote Baronet. , Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and

An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands, in the Commons, in the Manor of Ridley, in the County of Counties of Lancaster and Chester, devised by the Will, of Northumberland.

the late Sir John Bland Baronet, deceased, in the prefenc An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Sir John Bland, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Trust Common Pastures, CommonMeadows, CommonGrounds, of the said Will and for settling an Estate in the County and Waste Ground, in the Hamlet of Drayton, within the of Fork, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame. Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of Sir An Act for establishing, and rendering effectual, cer-George Mackinzie Knight, deceased, lying in that Part of tain Articles of Agreement, for the inclosing and dividing Great Britain called Scotland, and foF purchasing other the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Townships of Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Snaitb, Cowick, and Rawcliffe, in the County of York.

Purposes therein mentioned. An Act for inclosing and dividing Wytham on the Hill

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Infield., in the County of Lincoln-, and for settling a Sti-the County of Oxford\ devised by the Will and Codicil of pend on the Vicar/in lieu of Glebe and Tythes.

Nathanael Bacon Esquire, deceased, in Edward Bacon An Act to impower Richard Chandler Esquire, and Esquire, in Fee-simple, and for settling an Estate in the Elizabeth his Wife, and their Ifiue, to take and use the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited Surname of Cavendish.

by the same Will and Codicil. An Act to enable John Cave, now called John Browni,

An Act to impower the Guardians of William Wynd- and his iflbe, to take and use the Surname of Browne. bam Esquire, an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold An Act to enable Michael Archer Esquire, and his Issue Grants of his Estates, in the Manor of Uphaven, and in Male, to take and use the Surname of Newton only; and Lufton and Odcombe, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, to take and use the Coat of Arms of the Family of during his Minority. Newton.

Vol, 26m 6

An

518 160 Martii — Junii — i

Koyil Assent An Act for naturalizing Jane Magdalen Robelon. to BHIk An Act for naturalizing Francis Degen.

An Afor naturalizing John Matthias Millar,

An A & for naturalizing Frederick IVHliam Commertll, John Anthony etoepkeny and Christian Gottlieb Moser.

An Act for naturalizing Christian Samuel Gcledneki.

An Act for naturalizing Philip Denoyer.

An Act for naturalizing James Fremeaux Merchant. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Girardot.

An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol, and David Prat-viely of London* Merchants.

An Act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Leques, and Frederick Charles Augustus Blomberg,

An Act for naturalizing Johan Metjb ohm.

After which, his Majesty was pleated to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The King's I cannot put an End to this Session of Parliament, Speech. without returning you my hearty Thanks for the great Application and Dispatch with which you have gone through the publick Business: You have not only shewn your just Satisfaction in the Measures I have pursued in foreign Affairs, but have also given me your Support, in carrying them on, with that Zeal and Chearfulness which I had reason to expect from so dutiful and affectionate a Parliament; who are entirely convinced, that those Mea-fores are calculated to maintain their own eflentia! Interests, and to render the present general Peace durable and lading.

The many Laws now passed, will, I hope, attain the good Ends intended by them. Nothing that depends upon me shall be wanting to make them effectual, and particularly to execute, in a right manner, the Provisions made for civilizing and reducing into Order such Parts of the united Kingdom, where the Want of Knowledge, Improvement, and due Obedience to the Laws, had remarkably furnished Opportunities to seduce the People from their Loyalty.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

My particular Thanks are due to you, for the Supplies which you have so readily granted me. Your Care to fopport the Reduction of the national Interest, and to put great Parc of the Debt into a Method more convenient for the Creditors, at Well as for the Publick, is a fresh Instance of your Attention to that important Concern.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Nothing in this World can give me so much Pleasure, as to fee you a flourishing and happy People: Exert yourselves in your several Stations, to do your Parts, and you may depend on my unwearied Endeavours to secure this great B idling to ourselves, and transmic it to Posterity.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Parliament It his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this prorogued. Parliament be prorogued until Fburfday the Fourth Day of June next, to be then here held j and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Fourth Day of June next.

yovisj 40 die Junii;

Anno $5* Georgii IIdl Regis, 175a.

Parliament 11H E House being met, pursuant to the last Proro-ftirth^LPr0" gation;

rogued. A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Shtarme,

Deputy Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod:

280Septembris-^310 . A. 1752.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, auchorifced by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honour* able House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mn Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers 5 where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament, until ThurJ-day the 16th Day of July next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until FbUrfday the 16th Day of July next.

Jovis, 16° die Julii;

Anno *6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Proro- Parliament gat ion; farther pro.

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme* T0Sa- Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 28th Day of September next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Fburjday the 28th Day of September next.

yovis, 28° die Septembris;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1752.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Proro- Parliament gation; further pro-

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, r08ucd* Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday thejiftDayof OBober next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until <FueJrday the 31st Day ot OBober next.

Mart is, 310 dieOEiobris;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1752.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Proro- Parliament

gation; ro^ued PF°"

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. §>uarme% r°*u Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the nth Day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until iburfday the nth Day of January next.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Jovis> n° die Januarit;

Anno a6* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1753

Me&ge to attend the King.

A Member takes Oaths.

AM E S S AGE fresh his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Kingcommands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty. immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly. Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

A Member, returned upon a new Writ, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the L^ws made for those Purposes.

Cliodeftme \ Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine a wne*. Outlawries, was read the First rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second dme.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers j where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes,obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followed) j viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have received so many Proofs of the good Aife&ions and Zeal of my People for my Person and Government, that every Opportunity of meeting them in Parliament gives me a new Satisfaction. The Maintenance of the general Peace, already happily established, is fodc-firable for all Europe, that all mv Views and Negocia-tions have been incirely calculated and directed to preserve it, and secure its Duration. I am (till proceeding, and shall continue to ad, upon the same Principle; nothing being capable of giving me so much Comfort, as that my good Subjects may long enjoy the happy Fruits of the present Tranquillity/ 1 have the Satisfaction to be allured of a good DilpoGtion ia all the Powers in Alliance with me, to adhere to the same salutary Object; and the Meafurts which have been taken in different Parts of Kurort for that Purpose, cannot fail to give additional Strength and Solidity to the Provisions made by the Treaty of Aix la ChapcUi.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Estimatesfor the current Year shall be laid before you, by my Order. I have no Supplies to a/k of you but what shall be necessary for the ordinary Services, and such as have been already communicated to you, and for the Security of the Nation, and the Support of its Trade and Commerce, on which the ellcntial Interests of this Kingdom depend. 1 mull at the same time earnestly re-V tJL. 26.

King’i Speech reported.

commend the Continuance of your Attention to die Re-dudion of xhe Natioual Debt, the Improvement of the publick Revenue, and augmenting chp Sinking Fund.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I hope you will find that the Laws made the last Session of Parliament, for suppressing those Crimes and Disorders which have been lb justly complained of, have had a good Effect. Whatsoever is fu, ther necessary to perfect so laudable a Work, deserves your serious Consideration 5 that whilst we enjoy Peace abroad,* we may maintain good Order and Regularity at home.. My hearty Concurrence and Endeavours shall never be wanting in any thing that may promote your Welfare and Prosperity*

A Motion was made, and the Questbn being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to congratulate his' Majesty upon hi* fafeand happy Arrival in this Kingdom; to exprrts our sincere Joy, that the dutiful Conduct of his Majesty's faithful Commons has been rewarded with his royal Approbation; and to assure his Majesty of the Continuance of that Zeal and Affcdion for his Person and Government, which his Majesty’s constant Attenrion to the Happircft of his People so justly demands; to acknowledge his Majesty’s Wisdom, as well asGoodness,in pursuing such'Measures as may belt contribute to maintain, and render permanent, the general Tranquillity in Europe; and to declare our Sat isfadion at the Assurances which his Majesty has received from his Allies, of their good DilpoGtion to adhere to the same salutary Object; to promise his Majesty, that we will, with C hear fu I ness. Unanimity, and Dispatch, raise such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Security of the Nation, and the Support of its Trade and Commerce, so essential to the Well-being of this Country; to testify our grateful Sense of his Majesty’s provident Concern for the Welfare of this Nation, in recommending again to our Attention the Lessening of the National Debt; and to assure his Majesty, that we will take into our serious Consideration the best Means to improve the publick Revenue, whereby the heavy Load of our Debts may be put in a Method of being gradually reduced, and the national Credit,already in a fljurishing Condition, may be firmly established; to assure his Majesty, that whilst we refled with Gratitude upon the Blessing of Peace abroad, and enjoy the daily Fruits of the Continuance of it; we will not be wanting in our Endeavours to preserve good Order and Regularity at home; happy in this Conviction from the whole Tenor of his Majesty’s auspicious Reign, that wc arc sure of his Majesty’s hearty Concurrence in every Measure that may tend to promote the true Inte. efts and Prosperity of his People.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wisdom as well as

And

Ad d rest on the King's Spatch.

520 11° Januariu A. 1753,

And the Question being put. That those Words (land Part of the Question,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put*

Resolved, ^hat an humble Addrefe- be prefenfcd to his Majesty,j®»feturn his Majesty the thanks of this House for his i%ft,;graciou$ Speech frojjf the Thro'ne^ and to fcongrarulale his Majesty upon his tafe and happy Arrival in this Kingdom; to express our sincere Joy, that the dutiful Conduct of his Majesty’s faithful Commons has been rewarded with his royal Approbation; and to assure his Majesty of the Continuance of that Zeal and Affedhon for his Person and Government, which his Majesty's constant Attention to the Happinefa of his People so justly derffajds \ jtdffikny ledge his Majesty’s Wisdom, as well as ifwdnej^f in puling such Measures as may bed contribute to maintain, and render permanent, the general Tranquillity in Europe 3 and to declare our Satisfaction at th^Affu ranees which his Majesty has received from his Allies, of their good Disposition to adhere to the same fa-lutary Object; to promile his Majesty, that we will, with Chearfulness, Unanimity, and Dispatch, taife such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Security of the Nation, and the Support of its Trade and Commerce, so essential to the Well-being of this Country; to testify our grateful Senfeof his Majesty’s provident Concern for the Welfare of this Nation, in recommending again to out* Attention the Leffcning of the National Debt; and to assure his Majesty, that we will cake into our serious Consideration the best Means to improve the publick Revenue, whereby the heavy Load of our Debts may be put in a Method of being gradually reduced, and the national Credit, already in a flourishing Condition, may be firmly established; to afllire his Majesty, that whilst we reflect with Gratitude upon the Blessing of Peace abroad, and enjoy the daily Fruits of the Continuance of it, we will not he wanting in otir Endeavours to preserve good Order and - ' Regularity at home; happy in this Conviction from the whole Tenor of his Majesty’s auspicious Reign, that we are fore of his Majesty’s hearty Concurrence in every Measure that may tend to promote the true Interests and Prosperity of his People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up ’ an Address to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said ftefolution:

And a Commitee was appointed of Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Tracy, Admiral Byng, Mr. West, Sir Richard Wrotttftey, Sir Geo. Lyttleton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Noel, Mr. Hor. Wa'pole senior, Colonel Lyttleton, Mt.'EIHs, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Geo. Sackville, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. John Pitt, Lord Downe, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Levejon Gower, General Onslow, Lord Hillsborough; or any Fi ve of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Buckingham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right Honourable Richard Grenville Temple Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Cobbam, now Earl Temple, called up to the House of Peers.

ham, in the room of the Right Honourable Earl Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Lyme Regi Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new*Writ, for the Elect- Wru* ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Rfgts, in the County of Dorset, in the room of John Scrope Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Bridgwtte* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the Honourable Peregrine Poulett Esquire, deceastcf.

Ordered,.That Mr.'Speaker do issue his Warrant to Beaamtri* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ* Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesey, in the room of the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Bodmya Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wrlti Electfngof a BurpeE to serve this present Parliamqpt for the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall^ in the room of John Laroche Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to chesterWrk the Clerk of the Ctown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Chester, in the room of John Crewe Esquire, deceased. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BUhopt* the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for Cattle Writ^ the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, in the room of Samuel Child Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mi> Speaker do issue his Warrant to the St. Ma* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Maws9 in the County of Cornwall, in the room of tfye* Right Honourable the Lord Sundon, in the Kingdom of Ireland^ deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bereallto* the Clerk of thle Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Berealfton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Francis Henry Drake Baronet, -who, fuice his Election for the said Borough, hafth accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of his Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the* Ladecrflutt Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, in the room of George Augustus Selwyn Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Offices or Places of Chief Clerk, Register, and Sole Examiner in the Chancery, in the Island of Barbadoes, in America, and of the Clerk of the Crown and Peace there.

Westminster Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of, the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the room of Sir Peter Warren, Knight of the Bath, deceased.

Wendover Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Buiking~ so

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the yfCeftbary Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Eledfing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of West bury, in the County of Wilts, inf the room of Matthew Micbell Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

26 Geo. II




1


12° Januarii. 521

Veneris, 12° die Januarii',

Anno 26° Georgii IT" Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Hotlind 0 RDERED* That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

Wriu to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ,

for the F.lesting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this prefenc Parliament for the County of Rutland, in the room of the Honourable James Noel Esquire, deceased.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do

Committees, fit ever)’ Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right \Ufual to give his Vote in the Elc&ion of any Member to serve Orders, in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections

of Pimlrge*. appointed . 6

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Dupplin, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Polbill, Mr. Fletcher* Sir Francis Poole* Mr. Fellowes* Mr. Anjon, Mr. Tow fend, Mr. Hay, Mr. Metcalf \ General Kandujyd* Sir Peter Thompson* Mr. Colleton, Mr. Willes, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bar.kes* Mr. Medli-tot* Mr. Lam be* Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Wed* Mr. Clevland* Mr. Hardinge* Mr. Middltton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Potter* Mr. Stephens* Sir John Rujbout* Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fonnereau* Mr. Walpole* Mr. Pelham* Mr. Tracy* Sir John Cust* Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Egmont* Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lewis* Mr. Kent* Mr. Prowje* Mr. Richards* Mr, Barbor* Mr. Dowdfwell* Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bathurst* Mr. Compton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Powney* Mr. Whitworth* Alderman Bet bell* Mr. Wilkinfcn, Mr. Elliott* Lord Downe* Mr. Robinson* Mr. Morton* Colonel Bofcawen* Mr. Bayntun Rolt* Mr. Salufbury* Mr. Finch* Mr. Burrell* Mr. Fairfax* Mr. Cocks* Mr. Powlett* Mr. Montagu* Mr. Gybbon% Mr. Pitt* Mr. Campbell* Mr. Gwynne* Mr. AUgood* Lord George Cavendifo* Admiral Rowley* Mr. Oswald* Mr. Frederick* Colonel Haldane* Admiral Townsend* Sir Thomas Robinson* Sir Francis Drake* Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Noel* Mr. Vyner* Mr. Northey* Mr. Lascelles* Mr. Stuart* Mr. Mackenzie* Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Offley* Lord Barrington, Mr. Grenville* Mr Carmichael, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Thornton* Mr. Martin, Mr. Aldworth* Mr. Bond, Mr. Poore, Mr. Charlton* Mr. Chattncy Tow fend* Mr. Williams, Sir Wm. Calvert* Mr. Clatell* Mr. Rowney* Mr. Amy and* Alderman Beckford* Admiral Bofcawen* Mr. Horatio Walpole* Mr. Philipfcn, Mr. Torke, Dr. Butler* Mr. Wodehouse, Sir William Stanhope* Colonel Acourt* General Onslow* Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Hill* Mr. Beaghan* Mr. Newnbam* Mr. Finch, Mr. Budgen* Mr. Gray* Mr. Gower: And they are to meet upon this Day Fortnight at Five of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber - and to fit every Monday* Wednesday* and Friday* in the Afternoon: And all’that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to doit within Fourteen Days next, and lb within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elrftion by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Vol. 26.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any V^itness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be an high Crime and Misdemeanour j and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in auy same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain* for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of die House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this Houie do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or 'Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster* do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and open 1 and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-ball* or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and rhat there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

R Ordered*

52i 12° 4.1753.

TJfual

Ordert.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this^House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Pod Office < to this House, or feme other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do^ for the future, every Day,

during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning,

- till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, rf proper to be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the Seventh Day of March next.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, withii) a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lilts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection 5 and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts^on cheir Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Blackest be desired Dr Blackett to preach before this House at Sr. Margaret's Westminster, to preack oa upon Tuesday the 30th Day of this instant January: And 3» that Lieutenant General Handafyde, Mr. Ridley, and Lieutenant General Onslow, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Charles Torke reported from the Committee, ap- Addrest pointed Yesterday to draw up 3n Address to be presented *hc to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an pecc Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Weyour Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, rh£

Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to return your Majesty our hearty Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; and ta congratulate your Majesty upon your safe and happy Arrival in this Kingdom.

Permit us, Sir, to express our sincere Joy, that the dutiful Conduct of your Majesty’s faithful Commons has been rewarded with your royal Approbation, and to assure your Majesty of the Continuance of that Zeal and Affcdion for your Person and Government, which your Majesty’s constant Attention to the Happiness of your People so justly demands.

We must ever acknowledge your Majesty's Wisdom, as well as Goodness, in pursuing such Measures as may best contribute to maintain, and render permanent, the general Tranquillity in Europe: And suffer us. Sir, at the same time, to declare our Satisfaction at the Affur-ances which your Majesty has received from your Allies, of their good Disposition to adhere to the same falucary Object.

Your faithful Commons, with the trued Zeal and Duty, protuife your Majesty to raise, wiifiT Chearfulness, Unanimity, and Dispatch, such Supplies, as shall be found necessary for the Security of the Nation, and the Support of its Trade and Commerce, so essential to the Well-being of this Country.

We cannot sufficiently testify our grateful Sense of your Majesty’s provident Concern for the Welfare of this Nation, in recommending again to our Attention the Lessening of the National Debt; and do assure your Majesty, that we will take into our serious Consideration the best Means to improve the public Revenue, whereby the heavy Load of our Debts may be put in a Method of being gradually reduced, and the national Credit, already in a flourishing Condition, be firmly established.

We further beg Leave to assure your Majesty, that, whilst we refled: with Gratitude upon the Blessings of Peace abroad, and enjoy the daily Fruits of the Continuance of it, we will not be wanting in our Endeavours to preserve good Order and Regularity at home; happy in this Conviction, that, from the whole Tenor oi youf Majesty’s auspicious Reign, we are sure of youc Majesty’s hearty Concurrence in every Measure, which may tend to promote the true Interests and Prosperity of your People*

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty *s rrioft Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to xk* King’s both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Speichtobe Tomorrow Morning. conGderctL

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clocks

16 Geo. II.

130 — 150

5*3

Time appointed for receiving Address,

The King’s Speech considered.

Supply.

Siiilington

Prebend.

Sabbati, 130 d Januarii;

Anno 26° Georgii II11 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know his Majesty's Pleasure when he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, about Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament:

And the same was again read by Mr Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conflaer of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunas, 150 die Ja;

Anno 26* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Matthew, by Divine Providence, 1 jl Lord ArchbsfhopofJVL and of James PVorsley Clerk, Prebendary of the Prebend or Stillington, in the Cathedral and Metropolitan Church of Saint Peter in York, and Stephen Croft, of Stillington, in the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Stephen Croft, by virtue of a Lease from the Reverend Richard Levit Clerk, late Prebendary of the said Prebend, bearing Date the 9th Day of April 1740, is seised to him and his Heirs, during the Lives of the said Stephen Croft, Chrificpher Croft, and John Crofts and the Life of the longed Liver of them, of and in the Manor of Siiilington, and of divers Messuages, Cottages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Stiliinglon, Hamilton, otherwise Hawton, IVombleton, and Langtoft, in the County of York, with all and every their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and of all the Tythes, Fruits, Oblations, and Obvemions, within the Parish of Stillington, under the yearly Rent of Fifty-two Pounds, payable to the Prebendary anti his Successors, laving to the said Prebendary, and his Successors, the Patronage and Right of Prefenration to the Vicarage of Stillington, and all ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, and all the Wood growing thereon, with Power to cut down so much thereof as might be spared, so that there be lese sufficient to repair the demised Houses and Edifices, and for House-boot, Fire-boot, Cart-boot, Plough-boot, Hedge-boot, and Pale-boot; all which demised Premises have been viewed and valued by a Person appointed by the said James Worsley and Stephen Croft, and approved of by the said Lord Archbishop, and estimated by him to be of the yearly Value of Two hundred and Three Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, and no more, at the bed improved Rent that could begot for the fame; and that there is not more Wood growing thereon, than will be necessary, from time to time, to repair the said Leasehold Premises; and that the said Stephen Croft is also seised in his Decrejhe, as of Fee, of and in the Wanpr of Duggleby, in, the County of York, and of divers Messuages, Lands, and T enements there, with their Appurtenances, which are now let for the dear,yearly Rent of Two hundred and Eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence, and have been viewed and valued by the same Person so appointed and approved as above-mentioned, and are estimated by

VOL. 26.

him to be reasonably worth, to be let, the Sum of Two hundred and Sixteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence, yearly; and further setting forth, That the said Stephen Croft hath come to an Agreement with the said James Worsley, with the Consent and Approbation of the (kid Lord Archbishop, to exchange ail his said Manor1, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at 1

Duggleby, for the Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,atS//7/r;j;/o«, Havilton, otherwise Haw-ton, IVombleton, and Langtoft; which he now holds by L ease under the said Prebendary; and chat the said Manor, Messuages, and Premises, at Dttggleby, shall be vested in the said James Worsley, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Stillington, for ever, to be demised to him the said Stephen Croft, and his Heirs, during the Lives mentioned in the said Lease of Stillington, then in being, without any Fine or Fore-gift for the fame, subject to such Rents, Covenants, and Agreements, as his said Estate at Stillington is now subject, and afterwards to be subject to such Renewals, Fines, Rents, Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, as the prebendal Estate at Stillington is now subject; and that the said James Worsley, with the Consent of the said Lord Archbishop, hath agreed for himself, and, as far as in him lies, for his SucceflTors, with the said Stephen Croft, and his Heirs, that the said Manor of Stillington, Manor-house, and all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which he the said Stephen Croft holds by Lease under the said Prebendary of Stil-lington, and the Woods and Under-woods growing thereon, shall and may be vested in the said Stephen Croft, and his Heirs, for ever, freed and discharged from the said Lease, in Exchange for the Manor of Duggleby, and the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, there, so to be vested in the said James bVorsley, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Stillington, for ever: And therefore, the Petitioners being advised, that the said Agreement cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the Manor of Duggleby, and the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the said Stephen Croft there, in the said Janus Worsley, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Stillington, for ever, subject to, and in pursuance of, the Agreement above-mentioned; and for veiling the Manor of Stillington, Manor-house, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which he the said Stephen Crift holds by Lease under the said Prebendary, and the Woods and Under-woods growing thereon, in the said Stephen Croft, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, freed and discharged from the said Lease, in Exchange for the said Manor of Duggleby, and the Lands, Tenements, And Hereditaments, there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuanc to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

H ilkmfon and Sir Lionel. PUkmgtou do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Penrith Inhabitants of the County of Cumberland, whose Names are Read* thereunto subscribed, was prefenred to tty: House, and read; setting foTth, That the High Roads from the Market Town of Penrith, in Cumberland, by Hutton, over Skelton and Castlefowerby Pallures, to Sebergbam Bridge, to Chalkbeck, leading to the Market Town of fVigtcn, being Sixteen Miles iaLength, are become ruinous* and almost impassable, especially in the Winter Season; and that the ordinary Provisions, made by the Laws now in Fprce, are not sufficient for the effectual repairing of the fame, neither are the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and X°wn&ips, through which the said Road lies, and who are liable to repair the fame, of Ability so to do: And further setting forth. That from the said Road, leading from Penrith to Chalkbeck aforesaid, a convenient Branch may be made for the Repair of the High Road leading from thence, through Part of the Ifarish of Castlefowerby, by Hejket New Market, to Cald-beck, in the said County, and through Part of the Parish

Answrr to Aadrefs.

Supply.

524

150 — i 6°Januarii.

A. 1753.

of Caldbeck, in the direct Road to Cockermouth, and which is in Length, from the said intended Turnpike to Caldbsck aforesaid, Pour Miles or thereabouts; and that the Road leading from Caldbeck aforesaid, from the said intended ^Turnpike Road, is very ruinous and narrow, and cannon be widened without purchasing a good Quantity of Ground for that Purpose, nor can the same be done by either or both the said Parishes, by the Parish-work by the Laws in Force, who have several other High Roads in their said several Parishes to repair; and that by the Repair of the said Branch to Caldbeck, from the said intended Turnpike Road, One Half of the Road between Penrith and Cockermouth, in the said County, will also be repaired, and made T urnpike: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes, and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fir, to collect a Toll or Tolls in such Parts of the said Roads as may be most convenient for the Repair of the said Road between Penrith and Chalkbeck \ and a:so a separate Toll for the Repair of the said Branch from the said High Road to Caldkeck aforesaid, that the same may be speedily amended, and kept in good Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and leport the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir James Lowtbef, Colonel Stem-mix, Mr. Dalfton, Mr. West, Sir Richard Wrottejiey, Mr. Gore, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Wilkinfcn, Mr. Har-dirtge, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gulfton, Sir John Cujl, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Dcwdejwell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. South -well, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Earle, Sir Nich. Rayley, Mr. Locke, Sir John Pennington, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Meddcott, Mr. Clavelly, Mr. Conolly, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Charles Townsend, Sir Thomas. Robinson, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Walpole, Lord Londonderry, Lord Geo. Bentinck, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Drake, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Harley, Mr. Farington, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Brand, Mr. Rofctiwen, Mr. Ojjftey, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Jennijon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Endow, Mr. Vane-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of ‘ Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned rill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 16° die Januarii;

Anno 26° Georgii II" Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

HTHE House bein;

of

informed, That some of the the Customs attended at the

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, upon Saturday last, attended his Majesty, with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer: -

Gentlemen,

I thaak you most heartily for this very* affectionate Address. Your Zeal for the Good of the Publick, and for my Government, cannot but afford me the hightft Satisfaction. My chief Concern will always be the Hapr piness of my People.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House ro resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House,'to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That

a Supply be granted to his Majesty; t;

Ordered, That his Majesty’fc most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.; - '

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee! Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ’ ' r

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they.' had come to a Resolution *, which they had dirtdVed hirtr to report, when the House Will please to receive the.’ fame. "

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow^ Morning.

X Commissioners Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° i. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses in Saint Helen's, &c. in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1751; what brought in since, what exported, also what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1752: And also,

N° 2. An Account of East India prohibited Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall and Fenchurch-street, at Michaelmas 1751; what have since been brought in, what exported, also what remained at Michaelmas 1752: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1751; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1752: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1751; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1752: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helen's, FerichurchJlreet, Leadenhall-street, and Custom House, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1751, in order to be dyed, glazed, £s?c. what have been returned, and what remained, out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1752: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rujfia into the Pott of London, from Michaelmas 1731, to Michaelmas 1752: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rujfia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Ouc Ports, from Michaelmas 1731, to Michaelmas 1732. And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account! of East India prohibited Goods,

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; vice.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The feid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved,'Nemirie' contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in' the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Cothmittee of the whole Houfi^ to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and Navy, for the Year 1733; with the Half-pay Officers of Army the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office A of

Eitimates,&c.

g6.GEb.-IL 16° — -i 7°

of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1753, be laid before this House

Ordered, That rn Estimate of the Charge for Guards,

G’arriibris, and other Land Forces* for the Year 1753,be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List*of the Regimental and Warrant Olhcers of his Majesty/s Land Forces and Marines, who arc to be on Half-pay for the Year 1753, be before this I louse.

Ordered, That an ’Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1753.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by ftirliamen:, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Ihtwing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1752 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at Lady-day 1752, and the 10th Day of October 1752, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Kxcef or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Rcjolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Direction* to the proper Officers, to lay oefore this House, the fai ! Lftimatcs, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this Hjufe, as art of his Majesty A 11,0ft Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

I Mercurii, 170 die Januarii;

Anno 26* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1753.

I Prayers.

Answer to TV /TK. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address. iVjL Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that cheEftimatcs, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Qacnnington A Petition of Humphrey Mackzvorth Praed Esquire, Wioiufc. Lord of the M e.or of Quetmir.gton, in the County of Gloucester, the Reverend George Baker Clerk, Rector of the Parish Cmirch there, and other Owners and Proprietors of Linds lung dif erfed in the common Fields of Sjuennington aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Owners and

' Proprietors ot Lands in the common Fields and common-

able Places, was presented to the House, and read $ fectirg forth, That the Petitioners have agreed to divide and inclose the said common Fields and commonable Places of and in ®u<.mdngton aforesaid, and to assign and allot to the respecti'.c Owners and Occupiers thereof their Shares and Proportions, according to their fe-verrd Interests therein; and that each of them will accept and tike fuc h Proporionsa* shall be assigned for that Purpose; but although the said Division and Inclosure will tend to the publick Good, and be of great Advantage to the several Parties concerned; yet, as some few Ot the Owners of Lands, now uninclosed, do not content to the

Yol. 26.

januarii. 525

inclosing and dividing the fame, such Inclosure and Allotments cannot be efrcCtually established to ar.lwcrrhe Intentions of the Parties interested in the fame, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House will be pfeased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the tommon Fields and commonable Pteces-aforesaid, in such manner as to the Hotifeshall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave begiventobringinaBil), pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: A nd that Mr Berkeley, and Mr. Barrow, dopreparc, and bring in, the fame;

A Petition of the several Commissioners appointed td Dundabie put in Execution Two several Acts, made in the Ninth Road, and T welfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Arink, for repairing the Highways between Dutiable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford; and also One other Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts; and of federal Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living near, and passing through, the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Tolls and Powers granted by the said Acts for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, will expire in April 1753; and alleging;

That the said Highways cannot b? sufficiently amended; and the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said Acts repaid, unless the said Acts be further continued, and made more effectual: And turther setting forth. That the Road from the Sign of the White Horse, to the Sign of the King's Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid, is ih a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, the said Acts; and also for repairing the Road from The White Horse, to The King s Arms, in Hockliffe; or ro grant the Petitioners such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is reforred to Sir Danvers Osborne, Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyster, Admiral Byng, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Archer, Mr. Potter, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

Hale, Sir Richard Wrotteftey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hayi Lord Egmont, Mr. Sandy5, Sir John Cust, Mr. Delme,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Stuart, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Vyner;

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Middlesex,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Robinson, Sir Nicholas Bayley, Sir Lionel Pilkingtcn, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr, West, Colonel Madan,

Mr. Barry, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Cocks, Lord Hillsborough, Sir John Saville,

Mr. Godolphin, Lord Barrington, Mr. Offley, Mr. Seiwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Northampton, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for exe- ’ curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1753.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

6 S ABSTRACT

L»

Boumeefter's, &c. Nat.

Army

Estimates,

kc.

52 6 170 — 18° A. 1753,

AB S T RACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the NAVY, foh the Year 1753*

N° 1.

(2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7*

8.

9-J

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14-

lS*

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments and Contingencies relating thereto -

Superannuated Sea Officers Pensions and other Allowances Chatham Deptford

Woolwich - ,

IPortfmouth Sheerness Plymouth

Yards.

i4>°37: >o 3.365

3>448 3.H 2 2,520 4,298

1,813

2,510

*3

6

4

8

6

6

6

Mutter Matter, and other Officers of the Out-ports ">

Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary - - - -

Viduals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, £f fc.- - -

Half-pay to Sea Officers *--*

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1753


To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it; who are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; there being now Thirteen hundred Men maintained in the said Hospital j and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1753 j Ten thousand Pounds

£- d.

33*953 14

17*403 2

66,978 jo,000

*7*733 *0 2>765 6 42,939 *8 18^ 183 i 3°*2JO o

It

9

8

o 0

o o

280,206 13 11

t ofiod o 6

— 1 -j

290,206 13 n

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Tear 17 J3, amounts to Two hundred Ninety thousand Two hundred and Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

S. Mojlyn, R. OJborn,

Jo/. Allin, Wm. Corbett,

Rich. Hall', Edward Falkingham*

Dan. De%vej /,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Daniel Boumeefter and James Rilliet was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Nathanael Newnham, and Mr. Tracy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 18° die j

Anno 26* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753. Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1753: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1753: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pen sioners of CheU Jta Hospital, for the Year 1753 j And also.

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate thereof, for the Year 17535 And also,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1752, not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers, and private Gentlemen, of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1753: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25 th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 17 53-

And the Titles of the said Estimates, Account, and Lifts, were read.

The said Lifts, and also the said Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unco the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the super-anntiated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1755, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the rest of the said Estimates, and also the said Account, are* as followed! j viz.

ESTIMATE

2-6 Geo. II.

527

ESTl MATEof the Charge of the Guards, Garrifonsy an\f dthef his Majestjr’s Lend Porcesj in Great Britain for the'Year 1753.

Pay of the T roops ^nd Regiments, for 365 Days.

1 r. 1

17,349 ! l3 4

17.349 >3 4

10,870 18 4

10,743 3 -4

26,876 3 4

: 21,547 ’ 3 '4*

14,676 0 10

14,676 0 10

14,676 0 10

14,676 0 to

14,676 0 10

14,676 0 l?

14,676 0 JO

14,676 0 10

14,676 0 10

14,676 0 JO

45>io4 >7 6

29,321 *3 4

29,376 8 4

I5.2J7 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,2!7 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5>217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

9,906 14

22,584 7 6

16,000 O O

37>i32 2 I I

20,000 O O

- -

Numbers.

horse.

Dragoons.

Tirft Troop p£ Guafds ! -

Second - I1

First TYoop of Grenadier Guards Second: r > I)?V-; -

Royal Regiment of *I^or|: guards

' f T ' - — 1

First Regiment of ^Dragoon Guards Second - " -

Third .-jD°\ -i , Ttv.

Royal Regiment of Dragoohs " ' 7 lieutenant General Campbell's -Lord cTyrawIey*s - -;

Sir Robert Rich's -

Major General Cholmondeley's -Sir John Cope's - -

Sir John Mor;dawttss - ‘ - -

Earl of Ancrcorn's -

First Regiment of Toot Guards -ColdjlreamRtgiment of Foot Giiarcjs. Third Regiment of Foot Guards -Colonel Howard's -Colonel Rich s - ’

Lieutenant Genera) Guise's * -

Lieutenant General lVolfe'% -

Colonel Bocland's - r . a

Lieutenant General Skelton's - -

Lieutenant General Pulteney's Lord George Beauclerk’s Lord Viscount ifor/s Lieutenant General Hujke's - A

Colonel Holies's -

t rj t Colonel Par/ori*s Regiment -

Invalids. Independent Companies -

; i'" f

*r. _ ' , I*

foot.

General and Staff Officers . a Garrisons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies, upon account.

War-Office, 17th January t 753-

Total

H. F<W.

.181

_s8i

-177

-176

-337

1-- —

.426

.285

285

.s»S5

.285 285 285 i 285

-285,

28/ 285

1,641

1^54

1,054

815

815

-S«5

815

-8iS

815

8I5

815

815

8iS

S15

5*5

1,300

.1,052

J.276

12,714

1,815

18,857

TOTAI

r

831189 8

:7

168,307 Yi 8

271^95

3M91

73>!32

o

2 11

628,315 7 iJ

VOL. 26.

ja8

18° Jama

4-1755*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his fttqefty’s Forces in the Plantationsj Minorca,

for the Year 1753.

Pay of

Numbers. the Regiments, &c. TOTAL.

In the Plantations* for 365 Days.

1 £- -.* d. i* d. "

Colonel Duroure's Regiment 394 — m 9,748 ro 10 7

Colonel Hopfon's - - j 8.5 - - 15,217; *9 2 1 ‘:

Colonel Warburtoria - - *: L- 815 'S>V1 9 2 . , i

Colonel Trelawny's - - i T1- 733 r , i5i38i f4 2 , i

Four Companies at New Tcrk - 445 . ' _ 7,141 <6 8 ' s

One Company at Bermudas - - 5« - - 1,049 7 6

One Company in the Island of Providence -: - 15° - 2,466 15 io

Three Companies at South Carolina' - - 345 - - 5,830' 17 6

1 3>755 72,054 0 id

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, and St.

John’s - - - ~ - - 2,870 12 6

At Minorca ' -

Colonel Cornwallis's Regiment ~» 815 15,217 9 2

Lieutenant General Johnson's - - 815 - - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Rqfell’s, - - 8.5 - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Stuart's - - — 8.5 - . - 15,217 9 2

3,260 60,869 16 8

Officers of the Garrison, &c. - 1 r - i " - - - m m 5,871 18 9

At Gibraltar.

Colonel Herbert's Regiment - -: - *15 15,217 9 2;

Earl of Panmure'% - - 8lJ - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Leighton's - - - 815 - - 15,217 9 2

Lord Robert Manners's - - 815 _ 15,217 9 2

3,260 60,869 16 8

Officers of the Garrison, &c. - - - . - - - 3, V49 12 31

Provisions for Colonel Hopfon's Regiment at Nova Scotia

and Newfoundland, deducting 4 d. per Diemy out of the ‘

Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and pri-

vate Man, towards that Expence; remains to be borne -

by the Government - - - 2,839 7 n

Provisions for Colonel Warburton's Regiment at Nova

Scotia - - - - _ _ _ _ 2,839 711

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar _ _ _ 24,000 0 0

Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence - - - - 456 5

‘ / 30,135 0 10

Total 10,275 £ 236,420 18 6|.

War-Office,

17th January 1753.

H. Fox.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1753.

8,222 Out-pensioners, (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each -

100 Letter-men, at iid. per Diem each -31 Serjeants, at 9d. per Diem each -

From which deduct,

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards dc-ruying this Expence j out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1753 -

Remains to be granted upon account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1733 - -

War-Office,

17 th January 1733. H. Fox.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

£. s. £ d.

171 5 10 62,521 9 2

5 0 o' 1,825 0 0

1 3 3 424 6 3

177 9 1 64,770 2 5 5

- 6,500 0 0

1 1 1 58,270 1 j 5

AN

2 6 Geo. II. i8° Januariu 529

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1752, riot provided for by Parliament.

To Major Caulfield, for the Expences of carrying on the new Roads in North Britain -

To Ditto, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges there

To Colonel Watson, Deputy Quarter Master General in North Britain, to complete his Expence, in surveying the Highlands, from the cuth of December 1750, to 24th of December 1751 To him, in Advance, for carrying on the same Service Anno 1752 To his extraordinary Pay, as Deputy Quarter Master General Britain, from the 25th December 1750, to 24 December 1751 -To the Pay of his Assistants for that Time - -

s.

<c.

7,289 9

500 o

d.

4

- 488 O 4

North 1,606 O O

- 91 5 0

- 146 b 0

To Mr. Dundafs, for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary of Stores in North Britain To Mr. Robert Gardiner, for Firing, Bedding, and Bread Waggons, to several Encampments in Scotland, Anno 17J1; and for One Year’s Allpwance to Four travelling Posts between the Head Quarters ----- 620 3 4

To Ditto, for One Year’s Fire and Candle, and other Services of the Forces, in the Garrisons of Fort William and Castle Duart, to the 24 December 1751 - - - 841 t 9

To One Year’s Fire and Candle, furnifoed by the Barrack Master General in North Britain to several Garrisons in the Highlands, to 24 December 1751 -

To General Churchill, for so much expended by him for his Majesty’s Service in North Britain -To satisfying the Contractors for supplying the Forces in Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the Six Pence per Man per Week stopt from the Subfiltence of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract -

To his Majesty’s Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished to the Garrison of Gibraltar To the Contractors for victualling Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for victualing as for Insurance, and all incidental Charges, to 24 December 1752 - -

To Mr. Gamier, for Medicines, (Ac. provided for the Hospital and Regiments at Gibraltar, Anno 1751

To Governor Tre:awney} for so much disbursed by him in carrying on a Settlement on the Muf-quito Shore, and for Pr< fents to Indians -

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishments of Colonel La/celles's Regiment of Foot, from the 25 of December 1751, to the 24 ot December 1752, both inclusive, being 355 Days - -

To Samuel Lloyd, for Boat Service, (Ac. to the Three Independent Companies in South Carolina

and Georgia, between the 2,th of December 17^0, and the 27 May 1751 To Ditto, lor the like Service, from the 28 May 1751, to 27th of November following -

To Ditto, for the like Service, from the 28 November 1751, to the 27 Feb-miry following -

To Benjamin Martyn Esquire, f >r the like Service, from the 28th of February 1752, to the 27th May following both inclusive -

*7 ° 3

170 18 o

98

83

*3 6

To Colonel Hopfcn, towards providing himself with an Equipage, as General and Commander of the Forces in Nova Scotia -

To Chauncey fownfend Esquire, for supplying the Detachments of Artillery at Newfoundland with Provisions, Anno 1751 To Grass Money to General Cholmondeley*s Dragoons - - 236 5 o

To Ditto to General Bland* s - - - 23 650

To Ditto to General Howard's - 236 5 o

To Ditto to Sir Robert Rich's - - - - 236 5 o

Total

War Office* 17th January 175J.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, Account, and Lifts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bradley, &c. A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough Roads. of Eewdlty, in the County of Worcester, under their Common Sea), was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the said Borough (to, wit) Irom the H clcb Gate, by Mopfons Cross, to the Dog-hanging Bank, and there branching into Two Roads, the One leading from thence, through Cleobury Mortimer, and by the Woodhouse, to the Three forked Pole upon the Cleebill, in the Parish of Corely, in the County of Salop, being in the High Road from Bewdley, to the Town of Lud-Vol. 25.

£. d.

7*789 9 4

2,345 S 4

182 16 6

1,461 5 1

706 1 9

300 O Q

2,275 0

750 19 O

4,920 3 4 342 o 10 1,588 19 1

1,014 *4 2

439 16 9 500 o o 1,148 9 b

945 6 6

26,689 13 8

H. Fox.

low, in the said County of Salop, and the other to Newn-ham Bridge, in the said County of Worcester, being in the High Road from Bewdley, through the Town of Tenbury, to the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford and also the Road leading from Bewdley (to wit) from Tinkers Gate, to a Place near to the Hundred House in the Parish of Witley, in the said County of Worcester, where the Road from Dunley to the Hundred House leads into the Turnpike Road from the Hundred House towards the City of Worcester, being in the High Road from Bewdley* through the Town of Bromyard to the City of Hereford; and likewise the Road leading from Bewdley (to wir) from Dog lane Gate> through the Parish of Kinlet, to the Village of Prefcot, in the said County of Salop-, are in divers c y 6 T Places

536 i8° — 190

Places very ruinous in the Winter Season, and very narrow and incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being, be effectually amended, widened, and kept irt good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe'given, to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Comrtiittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as if shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred Co Mr. Wm. Lyttelton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Hay, Mi*. Elliot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlicqt, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fonereau, Mr Walpole, Mr. Townjend, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. West, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Richards, Sir Geo. Lyttelton, Mr. Williams,. Mr. Clavell, Mr. Nor I. Berkeley, Colonel Eliot, Lord Hillsborough', Mr. Palmer, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Nugent, Mr. L&wis, Sir' John Rushout, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cooke, Sir Thomas Robinson, Ibrd Barrington, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Sydenham. Mr. Gray, Mr. OJ-Wald, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. AJJteck, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.' Villiers, Lord Coke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. harbor, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Townjend, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Powney, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Potter, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Rowney, Sir Richard Wrotlefley, Mr. Fanshaw; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, and Salop, and for North Walti: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Game Laws. The House was moved, That an Act made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game; by enlarging the Time within which Suits and Actions are to be brought, by Force of the said Act: And that Sir George Oxenden, and the Lord Barrington, db prepare, and bring in the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 19* Januarii j

Anno 26° Georgii 11"" Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Penrith QIR James Lowther reported from the Committee, to Roads. O whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, William Monkhouse said, That he is well acquainted with the Road from the Town of Penrith, by Hutton, over Skelton, and Castlejowerby Pastures, to Sebergbam Bridge and Chalkbeck, leading to the Market Town of Wigton, which is the Highway between Penrith and Wigton, through the Middle of the said County; and is in a very ruinous Condition, and not capable of being repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: That several Parts of it are very deep, and other Places io narrow as to be scarce passable for Wheel Carriages.

Januarii. A. 1753.

He further said, That the Road leading through Part of the Parish of Castlejowerby, by Hejkett New Market, to Caldbeck, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, Coo narrow for Wheel Carriages; and that the Parishes through which the said Road leads are unable, by the ordinary Course of Law, to repair the fame; and that this is th6 nearest and common Highway from Penrith to Cocker mouth.

Lieutenant Colonel John Stephenjon, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Monkhouse, as to chat Part of the Road leading:through Part of the Parish of Castlejowerby, by Hejkett New Market, to Caldbeck, which he said was the common High Road, and the nearest Road cross the Country; thatBy Ktfwick not being passable at all times.

Thomas Carleton Esquire confirmed the Evidence of MvrMohkhouJe and Colonel Stephenjon: And,

Thomas Whelpdale Esquire confirmed all the aforesaid Evidence; and added^That the present Road is so bad, that several of the Parishes through which it leads ate now under Indictment, From their Inability to repair the fame, as he has been informed, and believes; and that the Road proposed to be amended is nearer, and may be repaired at a less Expence, than any other Road leading to the aforesaid Towns

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in’ the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlejowerby Pastures, and Sebrabant Bridge, to Chalk-beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road, upon Castle-Jbwerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hejkett, otherwise Hejkett New Market, to Caldbeck, in the said County: And that Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Vane, the Lord DupplUt, Mr. Halftone, and Colonel Stan-wix, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Carlifieta Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Penrith Cumberland, was presented to the House. Roads*

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having a Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, takes Oaths; and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Petition was read; setting forth; That the Carlifleto High Roads leading from the City of Carlisle, to the Pen"lh Market Town of Penrith, in the said County, are very 03 s* ruinous; and that the ordinary Courses, appointed by the Laws of this Realm, are not sufficient effectually to repair and maintain the fame: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to impower Trustees to erect One or more Tollgate or Tollgates, on and cross the said Roads; and to receive and take such Tolls, for the speedy repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir. James Lowther, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Brand, Sir John Rushout, Mr. St*nwix, Mr. Brist towe. Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Vane, Mr. Wi'kinjon,

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Nicholas Bay ley,

Mr. West, Mr. Tracy, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandy $, Mr, Lajce/les, Mr.

Fane, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Clevland, Mr. Gray, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Harley, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Guifton, Mr.

Gore, Sir John Cust, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Loch, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Ckauncy Townjend, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Walpole, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Williams, Colonel Bcjcawen, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Offley, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Dalfton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Clavell, Lord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. Tiiornhagh,

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Drake; and all the Members who serve 7 for

z6 Geo. II.

190 — 2 2° Januarii.

53*

for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, Durham, and York, and for North Britain: And they are to meet thi& Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Perfoas, Papers, and Records.

Michel Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgefc to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Michel, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Albert Nejbitt Esquire, deceased.

SjPpij« The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncc, 220 januarii;

Anno 26° Georgii II^ Regis, 1753. Prayers.

MR. Berkeley presented to the House, (according to Order) a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands in the common Fields, common Grounds, Pasture or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open in the Parish of Quennington, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leicester,&c. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and K°*l* Inhabitants of the County of Leicester, and of the Borough

of Leicester, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said County and Borough are mostly supplied with Coals from the Coal Works lying near to the Town of Ashby dela Zouch, in the said County, and that they cannot conveniently have their Coals from any other Parts; and that the High Road leading from the said Borough of Leicester, through the several Towns or Liberties of Cherry Pit Lane, in the Abbey Liberty, Sharmans Lodge or Frith Lane, through Glenfteld Field, Grooby Lordship, to Markfteld Mile Post, from thence up Middle Lane, through Foul Plough, to Markfeld Corner, and then through Shaw Lane to Beggary Gate, from thence through Hucklefcoate and Donnington Liberties, to Ravenflouc, Alton Lane, and so to Ashby de la Zouch, is become ruinous and almost: impassable; and cannot, by the Laws now in being, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given, to bring in a Bill for erecting One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying such Toll thereat, for repair-Vol. 26.

ing, amending, and keeping in Repair the said Road, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof*, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. IVigley, Mr. Popham, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir John Cust, Mr. Wright, Mr. Dowdeswell,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Nugent, Lord Barrington, Mr. Barry,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Clevland,

Sir Edtoard Dering, Mr. Yerke, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gul-fton, Mr. Sandys, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Southwell, Mr. Hay, Mr.

West, Mr. Beckfot'd, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Compton, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Hardtnge, Sir Robert Burdct, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr.

Conolly, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Hamilton, Mr, Gore, Lord Geo.

Gavendtfh, Mr. Hill, Mr. Morton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: AndhavePower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition of Frederick Hoffgaard was presented to the Hoffgaahfs House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to Nat* bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gray and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bewdley, kei Roads.

Qoenningtcn

Inclosure.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Landholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in or near to the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester% whose Names are thereuto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the said Borough (to wit) from the Welsh Gate, by Mopfons Cross, to the Dog-banping Bank, and there branching into Two Roads; and thoie Roads leading from thence, through Cleobury Mortimer, and by the Wood-house, to the Three-forked Pole upon the Cleehill, in the Parish of Corely, in the County of Salop, being in the High Road from Bewdley to the Town of Ludlow, in the said County of Salop \ and the other to Newnbam Bridge, in the said County of Worcester, being in the High Road from Bewdley, through Tenbury, to the Town of Leo-minster,\n the County of Hereford; and also the Road leading from Bewdley, (to wit) from Tinkers Gate to a Place near to the Hundred House, in the Parish of Witley, in the said County of Worcester, where the Road from ley to the Hundred House, leads into the Turnpike Road, from the Hundred House towards the City of Worcester, being in the High Road from Bewdley, through the Town of Bromyard\ to the City of Hereford; and like- wife the Road leading from Bewdley (to wit) from Dog* lane Gate, through the Parish of Kinlet, to the Village of Prefcot, in the said County of Salop, are, in divers Places, very ruinous in the Winter Season, and very narrow and incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given, to bring in a Bill, for repairing, amending, and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, under their Common Seal, is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report Laws.

their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to revived or continued.

be

And

4

Boumcester’s, &c. Nat.

Performance of Quarantine,

Supply.

Ways and Means.

a i0 — 23 — 2 4° Januatii.

53*

And & Cofnrtaittde was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hay, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Zx/fcr, Mr. Hill, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Thomas Robinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Barbor, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir G<?0. Oxenden, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Citft, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlicott, Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. £#/<?/, Lord Parker, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ihornhagh, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Newdigate, Colonel Stanwix,

Mr. Stuart, Colonel Haldane, Dr. Butler, Mr. Wation, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Wigley, Mr Tracy, Mr. Willey, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir 7^# Rushout, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Charlton, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Newnham, Lord Downe, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Kent, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. 7^# Torke, Alderman Beckford, Mr. Shelley, Mr. C*rr, Lord inchiquin, Mr. Wralpole, Sir /F/». Codrington, Sir 7^# <SWr/<?, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Crompton, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Martin, Sir 7^» Peachy, Mr. Gr*y, Mr. Southwell, Lord iter-rington,; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Nathaniel Newnham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Daniel Boumeefter and Janies Rilliet: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Kies of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Ellis, Sir William Calvert, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Housei which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousandMen be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1753, beginning the First of January 17 53*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man, per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty thousand Two hundred and Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

d. 175$

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 23° die Januarii\

Anno 26* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

SIR James Lowther presented to the House, accord- penriik ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading Roads, from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlejowerby Pastures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road, upon Castlejowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hejkett, otherwise Heskett New Market, to Ca/dbeck, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

Sir George Oxtiiion presented to the House, according Game Law* to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons vfrho destroy the Game; by enlarging the Tinge within which Suits and Actions are to be brought by Force of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr; Gray presented to the House, according to Order, Hoffgaard’i a Bill for naturalizing Frederick Hoffgaard: And the same Nat. was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for en- plundering Forcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain Shipwrecked shipwrecked Goods; and for the Relief of Persons suffering Goods-Loftes thereby: And that Mr. Gray, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Bond, Sir George Lyttelton, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph, George Schoen^&fc Alexander Fatio, and William Du Bois, of London, Mer- Nat* chants, was presented to the House, and read; praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Willes, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 240 die Januarii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753*

Prayers.

TJRederick Hoffgaard, Daniel Boumeefter, and James.

Rilliet, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their

Naturalization.

Sir Danvers Osborne reported from the Committee, to Durable whom the Petition of the several Commissioners appointed Road, to put in Execution Two several Acts, made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hocklffe, in the County of Bedford; and also One other Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said \

Two former Acts; and of the several Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living near, and passing through, the said Road, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed

Stone

C&mclu

% 6 Geo. H. 240 Januarii. 533

scribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

I11 support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and also an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were read; by which Acts several Tolls and Powers were granted, and continued until the 30th Day of April 1753, for the Repair of the Highways between DunJUb'e and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford.

Mr. William Turner, and Mr. JVVliam Gutteridge, were examined; and said, That the said Roads cannot be diffidently amended, and the Money due on the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the said Term and Powers be further continued.

And that the Road leading from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the Kings Arms, in Hockliffe, which is between Two and Three Furlongs in Length, is in very bad Repair, and is frequently overflowed; and that the same cannot beeffectually amended by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford; and also, for repairing the Road from the Sign of the White Hcrfe to the Sign of the King's Arms, In Hock iffe aforesaid: And that Sir Danvers Osborne, and Mr. William Lyttelton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of the Paiilli of Stone, in the County of Stafford, whoso tfanufs are thereunto subscribed* tfras presented to the House, and read; setting -forth, That the Chufch of the said Parish is a very ancient Fabrick; and the Parishioners have, for many Years, been at a continual Expence in repairing the fame; and that, by reason of One of the main Pillars of the said Church giving way, a great Part of it is falleri down, and the other Parr, which is (landing, is so very ruinous, that it is incapable of being repaired, and, in the Opinion of several able Workmen (who have surveyed the fame) must necessarily be rebuilt: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to rebuild the said Church, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Compton. Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Southwell, Lord Strange, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Lambe, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Woodhouse, Mr. Medlycott, Colonel Stanwix, Sir John Barnard, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Page, Mr. Fane, Mr. Knightley, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Popham* Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Egmont, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, War* wick, Salop, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. EatU presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty j

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1753. Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of* the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 175

Pay of Engineers, Civil Officers, and Artificers, at - -

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Scores for Garrisons, Rems, Salaries* and incident Charges

Mahon, Gibraltar, and North Britain, with the Pay of a Barrack Matter at Mahon at £. 120 per Annum, pursuant to, and established by, his Majesty’s Warrant, 24 March 1752 St. Johns, Ferry land, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

Annapolis Royal\ »

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 1,131; Men, Officers included, for Service of South and North Britain, and the Garrisons at Mahon, Gibraltar, St. Johns, Ferryland, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, Placentiat and Annapolis Royal - -

Establishment of an Academy at Woolwich, for the Instruction of the Artillery People -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwiib -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officer* and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery, in Fianders, and on several Expeditions, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced -

EXTRAORDINARIES.

(Gibraltar

Towards carrying on the For- Mahon

tificAtions, building, and rc-j Annapolis Royal -pairing Storchouses, and sup-| Placentia -

plying Stores, at - - - St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity

V Harbour, in Newfoundland Towards repairing the Officers and Soldiers Barracks at Gibraltar

3*>253

1,000

867

3>o°°

2,500

2.000

1.000

2.000

3.000

d

- 38.835 7 6

2,919 5 o

2,048 II

*>359 12

o

5

2 6

2,867 12 1

o

o

o

o

o

o

Vol. 26.

£. s.

8i,l$o 15 1#

6 U

13,500 o O

Toward)

Orrfaanoi

Eifimate.

Ways and Means.

534 24° — 15 Jamarii.

Towards erecting a new Fort at Arderfeer Point near Invetness Towards carrying on the Fortifications* and repairing Barracks in Scotland Towards rebuilding the Scorehoules and Barracks at Edinburgh Castle Towards building and r c pairing^ Sheerne/s and Gillingham the Fortifications at IPortJmouth and Gosport

Towards completing the Barracks at 'tilbury Fort To rebuild One of the Piles of Barracks in the tower -Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel

Deducted the Proportion of Pay, for the Eleven Days annihilated in September 1752, out of all the Salaries and annual Allowances paid by this Office Money recovered from the Executors of Samuel Remnant, deceased, on Account of Frauds, committed against this Office, between 1734 and 1749 - - £. 10,370 15 7}

Out of which is dedu&ed for Law Charges, &V. - 200 o 03

A 1753'

L S. d. £ s. d.

- - - 10,000 0 0

- - - 1,500 0 0

- - - 1,500 0 0

- - - 1,500 0 0

- - - 3*oooo 0 0

- - - 2,000 0 0

- - - 2,278 14 8

- " 2,000 0 0

118,429 10 6

57° 5 4

10,170 15 7

10,741 6 it

EXCEE-DINGS for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament, 1751. Bedding provided for Ule of the Forces at Minorca, with the Pay of a Barrack Master from 1 April to 31 December 1752, at £.120 per Annum, to take care of the fame, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 10 and 24 March, 1752 - -

Charge of bringing home his Majesty’s Proportion of the joint Battering Train of Artillery and Scores, from Holland -

Pay of an Engineer and Assistants lent to Antigua, together wich the Expence of Surveying the Harbour and Fortifications, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 26 November 1751 Steel Rartirods delivered to Four Battalions of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, Lord Ancram's Regiment of Foot at Minorca, and Colonel Herbert's Regiment of Foot it Gibraltar, together wich the Expence of fixing them, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order, signified by the Earl of Holderhejfe, Principal Secretary of State, 3 February 1752 Arms delivered to Major General James CholmonaeJey's Regimfent of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant,

12 December 17 j 1

107,688 9 7

379 10

35 5 oi

2,778 18 4

4*985 2 1

638 15 6

4T4 15 9

Mi 7

11

Savings arising from Vacancies of the Posts of Master General, Secretary, Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Master General, and Chief Engineer, amounting to the Sum of £.2,426. 12. 6, and which remains uniffued to this Office of t!he Sum granted for Service of the Year 1752.

J. L. Ligonier. Charles Frederick. IF, R. Earle.

A. fVilkinfon. J. S. Charlton.

c

116,506 i 3

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to oenfider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair *of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to reperr, when the House will pkafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next,* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Jovis, 2 5° die Januarii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

V

Pa AYERS.

SIR James Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Cumberland, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to reporc the fame, as it appeared^ to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James IVallace said, That he knows the Road from Car-lijle to Penrith; that it is the high Road from London, co the West of Scotland, and is extremely bad, especially in Winter* and that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law; the several Parishes through which the said Road doth lead being so thin oflnhabitants.

Colonel Stevenson, ami Mr. Peter Broomef severally said. That the Distance from Carlisle to Penrith is about Twenty Miles*, ai)d that the Road is very bad; and cannot be sufficiently repaired without the Assistance of Parliament.

Ordered\

Carlisle to, Penrith Road

2 6 Geo. II.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlifteto the Town of Penrith, in the Couniy of Cumberland: And that Sir James Lowther, Mr. IVilJon, and Colonel Stanwix, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fcploe’s A Petition of the Reverend Samuel Peploe, Chancellor of

ame' defter, and Warden of Manchester, Trustee for, and in the behalf of, his Son Jciw Birchen Infant, under the

Age of Twelve Years, heretofore called John Peplce, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Samuel Birch, late of Garnftone, in the County of Hereford, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 23d Day of January 1750, devised all his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Weobley, Norton-Can-non, Sarnsftcld, P/c//, and Tarpole, in the County of

Hereford (except what was therein before devised) unto the said Samuel Peploe, and Thomas Bernard, of the said Town of IVeobky, Gentleman, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the Testator's Grandson, the said John Peploe, and the Heirs Male of his B';dy, provided he should take upon him the Surname of Peploe Birch within Twelve Months after the said Testator’o Decease, and conftmrly life the fame, and no other; and after the Decease of the said John Peploe Birch, without Issue Male, then in Trust for such other Persons a- in the said Will are mentioned; and that the said Samuel Birch, the Testator, died in or about the Third Day of April 1750, without revoking or altering his said Will; and the said John Peploe Birch hath ever fmee, in Compliance with, and Performance of, the Condition contained in the said Will, been called and stiled by the Surname of Peplce Birch only i which Surname the Petitioner is dcGrou> should be confirmed and established upon him ti.e i.uci John Pep. oc Birch, by Authority of Parliament: Anc therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Brii may be brought in, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Bateman, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

schoenN, &c. Mr. Wilks presented to the House. according to Order, a Bill to naturalize John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph, George Alexander Fat to, and // illiam Du Pois: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refclvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

HdrinjxSyke A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Road. Tradefinen, and 1 nhabitants, of the County of IF eft norland,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and rc-i!; setting forth, That the high Road fiom Hewing S\ke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and W eftmwrland, through the Town of Kendall, in the said County of ft eft m or land, to Emont Bridge, in the same County, is, in many Parts thereof, become very deep and ruinous, and in other Parts very narrow, incommodious,* and uneven; and that the Law's now in being are not sufficient fur repairing, widening, and keeping the same in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as so the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Wifon, Mr. Page, Sir James Leather, Mr. Sckvyn, Mr Halftone, Mr. L<fcedes, Mr. West, Sir j'tbn Barrington, Mr. Gray, Mr. Butler, Mr. BanLes, Mr. Thornhagb, Lord Downe, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hale, Mr. Lyfier, Lord H enman, Mr. Vfiidams, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Frcwfc, Mr. Gybboa, Sir Richard L oyd, Sir John Rufhout, Sir Richard // retteftey, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Fracy, Mr. Aagent, Mr. Ccdogan, Sir Geo. Qrenden, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Stanwix, Colonel GriJ/in, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Aid worth, Mr. Kynofton, Vox.. 26.

535

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Medlicot, Lord Egmont, Mr. Thomas Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmorland, Cumberland, Durham, Northumberland, York, v and Lanca/ier, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill, to amend an Act made in the 8th Year of the Game Laws. Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intimlcd,

An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game, by enlarging the Time within which Suits and Actions are to be brought, by Force of the said Act, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Ox-enden, Mr. Halftone, Mr. West, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Barkcs,

Mr Prov.fi, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. IP tiles, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Bttdgen, Mr, Gybbcn, Mr.

Clark, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Gift, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Medlicot, Mr.

Hay, Marquis of Granby, Lord Parker, - Mr. Harvey, Sir William Tenge, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Bond, Mr. Boone, Mr. O'Brien,

Mr. Vaughan, Earl of Verney, Mr. Gore, Mr. Comptroller,

Colonel Gnjftn, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Fclhwes, Sir Wm.

Beauchamp Pi oiler, Mr. Willes, Colonel A'Court, Colonel Bcfcawcn, Sir Thomas Robinftn, Colonel Leighton, Lord Barrington.General Oglethorpe, Mr. Powney, Lord Downe,

Sir Richard ll retteftey, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Vyner; and al! the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Endfielb&c. subscribed, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Par- ^oa"s* liament, the First passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Endfteld, in the Councy of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford, and the Second passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty more effectual; and for amending the Road from thedairi Great Bridge, to the South End of the Great Bridge at Wad.s will, and from the great Road at Cheflmnt to the YVfft End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said Counxy of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Roads, mentioned in the said Acts, were, at die Time of passing thereof, in such a ruinous Condition, that the Truitecs appointed to put the same in Execution were obliged to borrow acon-liderableSum of Money on the Credit of the lolls granted, in ojder to make the said Roads pafTable; and that, aithn^h the Money, from time to tim.e burrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, and the Tolls thereby collectrd, have been duly applied according to die Direction of the said Acts; yet many Parts of the said'Ronds are in the Winter Season itill bad, and will continue so, if a (utFicient Sum of Money be not yearly r.illd, in order to pu:, and keep the same in good Repair; which cannot now be done, the subsisting Term bdng near expired, and a considerable Debt remaining due on the Credit of the said Acts; which Debt cannot be repaid, unless the Term granted by die said former Acts be enlarged, and further Powers be given for making the said Acts more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tp bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Orderet. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Arid that they do examine the Matrer thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hale, Sir Edmund Themes,

Mr. Gere, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. West, Sir Roger Newdigate,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Shelley, Colonel Tozvnjend,

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gybbcn, Sir Fran-is Poa%

Mr.Slofer, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wiiles, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Drake>

Mt. Lyfier, Mr. Harrison, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. knight-ley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Whit well, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wi!~

12 kinfin,

2 50 Januarii.

5 3 6 250 — 2 66 . ^.175 3.

kinfon, Mr. Prowse, Sir /Far* Been champ Prof}or, Mr. Tov.nfend, Mr. //#we, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr.

Hume, Mr. itowe, Sir >&w Ctf/?, Mr. Fairfax, Sir /Fm. Tonge, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Nugent, Sir Pe/er Thompson, Mr. Butler, Lord Downe, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lev, Gower, Mr. Williams, Mr. Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Fffex, Cambridge, and Midd/efex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ways and Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House,to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was reads and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, ihe Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 17 53, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 2^d Day of June 1753, to the 24th Day of June 1754*

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gtenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Camplell of Calder, Mr. Vane, Nir. Attorney General, Mr SolHcitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtneris, 26° die Januarii j

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Scend Street A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, Gen-Road. XX tlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Clothiers, and others. Inhabitant of the Devizes. Scend, Melkfham, Atworth, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the West End of Seend Street, through Melk-sham and Atworth, to a Place called or known by the Name of The Horseand Jockey, in the said County of Wilts^ is in many Places become deep and ruinous, and in other Parts frequently overflowed by the River Avon; and, for want of sufficient Drains and Bridges, is often, and especially in the Winter Season, rendered impassable: And therefore, in regard the said Road cannot, by thjp ordinary Course appointed by the Laws, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in sufficient Repair, praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

♦ And it is referred to Mr. Popham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lyster, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Wright, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lowndes, General Handafyde, 4Mr. Boone, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Aldworlh, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Potter, Mr. Halftone, Mr. Torke, Mr, Hardinge, Sir

John Cust, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Barry, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Gybhon, Lord Barrington, Mr. Wig'ey, Mr. FeHowes,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Salusbury, Sir John Rushout; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts,

Somerset, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this After-

noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber *.

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and reducing, into Se- QuennJngtoa t veralty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Common )

Grounds, Pasture, or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying ppen in the Parish of Quennington, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Popham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Sandys, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Bayntun,

Lord Bury, Lord Barrington, Lord Bateman, Colonel Mostyn, Mr. Barry, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sydenham, NJr.

Barbor, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Torke, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, Carmichael, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wright, Mr. Wigley, Mr.

Southwell, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Shelleyv Mr. Willes, Mr. S/oper, Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Rushout,

Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Colonel Griffin, General Onslow,

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Gore, General Campbell, Marquis of

Granby, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Alderman Bethell; and j

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester,

Somerset, Oxford, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom Leicester, &c. the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmfcn, and ^oad* Inhabitants, of the County o f Leicester, and of the Borough of Leicester, in the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'lable:

W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the following Wicnefies were examined; viz. 1

Edward Goodefs said, That he is acquainted with the Road mentioned in the Petition, which is the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch; and that the Inhabitants of i

Leicester are (applied with the greatest Part of their Fuel 1

from the Coal Works near Ashby de la Zouch; that the said Road is in a very bad Condition, and not pafiable for a Saddle Horse in a wet Summer; and that the several Parishes through which the said Road leads are incapable of j

repairing the fame, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Robert Anthony confirmed the foregoing Evidence, so far as regards that Part of the Road from Leicester to Marksfield; the Soil of which he said was, for the most part, a deep Clay; and that his Horse has (tuck fast in it many times.

Mr. Benjamin Paybody confirmed the Testimony of the First Witness, in regard to the Badness of the Road from Marksfield to Ashby de la Zouch.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the i;

County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in* the said County: And that Mr. Wigley, and Mr.

Wrighte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton prefenred to the House, according to Dut5ei Order, a Bill, for continuing, and granting to his Majesty, Malt, &c. certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Seryice of the Year 1753: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Horne, from the Greenwich Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Hhospital Door;

He

26 Geo. II

16° Jamarii. 537

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant co the Directions of an Act of Parliament, the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Derwer.twater Estate, between ift December 1751, and

30th November 1751; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

25th January 1753;

I N Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty#s Reign* intituled, An Act for the Application of the &ents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders jof James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a workmanlike and substanrial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons 5 and co lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament respectively;

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly Report as followeth;

There has been received, between the ift December 1751, and 30th November 1752,001 of the Rents

and Profits of the Estate; viz. s. d.

On Account of the annual Rents - -- 6,099 3 10

On Account of the Lead Mines - -- 2,225 9 6

On Account of the Timber sold by the Court of Exchequer . 99° 0 0

£ 9>3H *3 4

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building

In Queen Ann's Court:

Finishing the Slating, Gutters, and Blocking Course, on the West Building; making a new Sewer through the Court; and levelling the fame.

In Queen Mary's Court:

Setting Coppers and Fire Grates, finishing the Tables Benches, and o'her Furniture, in the Dining Hall, Kitchen, &c.; fitting up Two Rooms at the East b nd of the Dining Hall with Presses, See. for the Butler’s Stores; and other Furniture in the Building.

In Out-works:

Finishing the Fence Walls, Gates, and Lodges, on the East Side of the Hospital; inclosing the Hospital with Fence Walls on the West Side; finishing the Wash-houses, Bog h uses, and Sewers; carcing away the Rubbish; and finishing the Pavement about the Building. All which Works have been done, and brought to Account; and amount to the Sum of Five thousand Two hundred Forty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence -

The ordinary Works done this Year, in keeping the Building and Out-works in Repair, and other necessary Repairs, for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of One thousand One hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence -

£ 6,430 3 8

5.2 41 17 4 1,188 6 4.

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the ift December 1751, and 30th November 1752, on Account of Repairs.....- - 51133

By Order of the Commissioners,

Rd Horne.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

BoomeefUrV A Bill for naturalizing Daniel Bcumeejtery and James Ire. Nat. RiUiety was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nathanael Newnbam, Sir Wm. Yongey Mr. Alderman Bethel!, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Knight ley y Mr. Talbot, Mr. Popham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prow/e>- Mr. Yorke, Lord Strange, Sir Francis PoolCy Mr. Faza~ her ley, Mr. Potter, Sir Ccrdel Firebracey Mr. Phillipjcny Mr. O/wald, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Lyjltry Mr. Aldworthy Mr. Syclenham, Mr. Kent, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lev. Gower, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Fonereauy Mr. Westy Mr. Barbor, Lord Harley, Mr. Fe/lowes, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. TownJendy Mr. Hamilton, Mr. lVillesy Mr. Clayton, Mr. H igley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Vol. 26.

Berkeley, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wrighty Mr. Daljloney Mr.

Humi?, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Gibbon, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Sandysy Mr. Drake, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clavelly Mr.

Thomas Newnbam, Mr. Chaurcy TownJendy Mr. Gajhry,

Sir Thomas Rcbinfcn, Mr. A. ay and, Colonel Cornwallis,

Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. ftr:lpole> Sir Charles Mordaiinty Mr. Bacon, Mr. lVodeh'u/cy Mr. Beckford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Abraham Cumberbatchy heretofore called C*r1<?ton,« Abraham Carletony was presented to the House, and read j Naroc« letting forth, That Abraham Cumlerbatchy larc of the Parish of Saint Andrewy in the IHand* of Barbadocsy in America, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testamenc, bearing Dace the 2 2d Day of November 1750, after several Legacies therein given, gave all the rest of his Estate, wit h the Improvements, Additions, and Interest, to and for the

6 X Ufc

A.

Navy Debt.

Account of Seamen.

Peploe*

Name.

Supply.

538

Use of the Petitioner, by the Narrfe and Description of his Grandfoh Abraham Carleton, to be received by him under the Tftiftees appointed by his said Will, during the Term of his natural Life, with Remainders to the Petitioner’s First and other Sons succesllvely, in Tail Male* with Remainders over, upon Condition, that the Petitioner should take upon him the Surname of Cumberbatch; declaring by his laid Will, that it was his Intention that his Estate should continue through all the Limitations thereof* in the Name of Cumberbatch; and that the Petitioner, upon the Death of the said Abraham Cumberbatch, which happened on or about the 25th Day of December 1750* became pofifelfed of the Premises given him by the said Will; and hath taken upon himself, and used, the Surname of Cumberbatch \ and is desirous chat the said Surname may be established on him, and his Issue Male, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Petitioner, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Cumberbatch.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Bethell, and Mr. Nathanael Newnham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Stateof the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it Rood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

a *753‘

Office 6f Ordnance, for the Year 1753--- Land Ser-

vice, be referred CO the said Committee.

Then a Member, returned upon a new Writ, took the a M^Her Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration; and hikes Oath*; took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee Supply, of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr< Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported, from the Committee, That they had come to several feefolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was direcded by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fie again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

it)0 — if JanMrii.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1751, to the 31st of December 1752, upon a Medium, of each Month; distinguishing what Number were home, and what muttered, in the said Service.

The Lord Bateman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Peploe Birchy an Infant, heretofore called John Peploe, to take and use the Surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Birch Esquire, deceased: And the same was received \ and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty5

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1753, be referred to the Taid Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, for the Year 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate thereof, for the Year 1753; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 17165 with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 17535 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1752, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuneZ) 2 90 die Januarii;

Anno 26° Georgii lldi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. William Leveson Gower reported from the stone Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mi- Chcrch. nifter. Churchwardens, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the Parifla of Stone, in the County of Stafford, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was reads and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition 5 Swinjin Jervaife Esquire, and Mr, Michael Barbery were examined 5 and said, That the Church of the said Parish is a very ancient Fabrick; and that the Parishioners have expended great Sums of Money in the Repair thereof:

That (as the Witnesses apprehended, by reafem of some Defcft in the Foundation) One of the main Pillars hath given way, and the Roof is fallen in; and that several Workmen have viewed the said Church; and reported, that the same cannot be repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish: And that Mr. William Leveson Gower, Mr. Barbor,

Lord Trentham, and Mr. Anfan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Mancheftei; holders, and other Persons, inhabitants of the County of ^oads-Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Roads, leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the several Towns of Cher ley, Wigan, Warrington, and Bolton, in the said County 5 and also from the Guide Post ac the End of a Lane leading into Wardley Lane, to a ceFtain Piace called the Broad Oak, rn WorJUy, in the Country aforesaid, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious y and that the said Roads cannot

16

not t Com Wgi from U« liid. tbc I

near die intf or I van Mil tag*

i;?

pat

die

IlX

1

lid

M

to

1

1

J

A

L

N

S

C

c


J

J

J


1

1

Googh

... r- »

26 Geo. II. if Januarii. 539

not be effectually amended and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in bang; and alleging, That if the Bridle Way, or Boric Road, leading from the Sign of the Bull, in Swinton, through Wardley Lane, to a Place called Linijbaw Moor, in Worsley aforesaid, in the said County, was made a publick Highway, the same would be of great Benefit to Trade, as a much nearer Communication would be thereby opened between the Town of Manchester, and those of Wigan and Chor/ey, in the said County; and that the making such Bridle Way, or Horlc Road, a publick Highway, would be very advantageous to the Owner thereof, who is at present a Minor; but whose Guardian, on Account of that Advantage, is willing to consent thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the said high Roads, and for making the said Bridle Way, or Horse Road, a publick Highway; and for amending, and keeping the same in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Bold, Colonel Lee, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wil-Jon, Mr. Prowje, Mr. P of bam, Mr. Neale, Mr. Medlicot, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Lyster, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Pytts, Lord Harley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rowney, Mr. C/avell, Mr. Faxakerley, Mr. Hcblyn, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bat burst, Mr. Page, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Owen, Mr. Lockyer, Sir L. Cotton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hay, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Charlton, Lord Dufflin, Mr. WLkinfon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Drake, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Morton, General Onslow, Mr. Barbor, Sir L. Pilkington, Mr. Hill, Sir Robert Burdet. Mr. IVa!foie, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Shelley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties cf Lancaster, Chester, York, Weflmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Penrith A Bill, for. repairing the Road leading from the Town

Roads. cf Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall,

over Skelton and Castlefowerby Pastures, and Sebrabam Bridge, to Chalk beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road, upon Castlefowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hesket, otherwise Hesket Newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Lowther, Mr. Bold, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Wm. Calvert, Lord Dufflin, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Colleton, Lord Strange, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Harley, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hay, Mr. Drake, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr, Charlton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thombagb, ^Ar.Hoblyn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr Lambs, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Posham, Mr. Barry, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Henley, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Northey, Mr. Conotiy, Mr. Scot, General Onslow, Mr. Comfton, Mr. Taylor, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Montagu, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Dalftone, Lord Verney, Sir Richard Warwick Bamffylde, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Vane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Weflmorland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and Lancaster: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

King*sBench Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire

Prison. jmo the of the Kings Bench Prison, and of the Office of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir William Calvert, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Dup-flin% Mr. Lev. Gower, Sir John Cust, Mr, Colleton, Mr. Vol. 26.

Sandys, Sir IVm. Yotige, Mr. Charlton, Sir jarhes Lofbther,

Mr. Potter, The Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Strange, Mr. Sollicitor General, Mr. FaXa-kerley, Mr. West, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Lambe, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Hay* General Ogletborfe, Mr. Gray, Mr. Walfole, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Burrell, Mr Prowje, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Lyster, Lxird Trentham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Popham, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Drake, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Legge, Mr. SergiJon, Sir Charles M or daunt, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wilkinson, Colonel Conway, General Onslow, Sir Wm.Irby, Mr. Affleck, Lord Wenman, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Townsend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Robinson, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Barrington,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hill, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Laj~ celles, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Morton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the City of London: And all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed. That Mr. Seddon, from Westminster the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Bridge. Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the oppofice Shore, in the County of Surry, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners f6r building Westminster Bridge, from the 19th Day of November 1751, to the 23d Day of January 1753, inclusive: And also,

Account of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 29th Day of September 1751, to the 5th Day of January 1753.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Account, were read.

Ordered, That the said Bodes do lie upon the Table, to be perufcd by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Scfilon.

A Bill for continuing and granring to his Majesty certain Duties on Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Malt, &c. Service of the Year 1753, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of John Vernon Esquire, Great Nephew and Sheerness Devisee, and also Administrator (with the Will annexed) Fortification, of Colonel Edward Vernon his Great Uncle, deceased, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit; and, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall judge proper.

Then the said Petition wasbroughtup, and read; setting forth. That Godfrey Meynell Esquire, being seised of the Inheritance of Forty Acres of Land in the Isle of Sheefey, in the County of Kent, his Majesty King Charles the Second, upon occasion of the First Dutch War, seized the same for the Use of the Publick; and having afterwards, in 1666, directed Sheerness to be fortified, the said Forty Acres were made use of for building the Fortifications, and other Purposes for his Majesty’s Service, and have continued ever since in the Possession of the Crown, without Interruption: That no previous Satisfaction or Scipula-10 don

54° 2 90 Januarii. A, 1753.

Sheerness tion for Damages having been made to the Proprietor, he 7,000l. having been repaid, the reversionary Grant of

Fortification, after many Years Solicitation, did, in February 1681, ex- 1683 was made null and void from the Beginning, and hibit at the Ordnance Office an Estimate of his Damages the Premises re-vested in the Crown; and all Grants made and Demands, amounting to £.2,331; and, in October in the Reign of King Charles the Second, or King James 1683, did, for a valuable Consideration, convey the In- the Second, of any Offices in the said Forest, are an-heritunceof the Fort and Lands, and assign all his Damages nulled, though such Offices were purchased by Colonel and Demands upon the Crown, to Colonel Edward Ver- Vernon from prior Grantees, for large Considerations, non, his Relation by Marriage: That the said Colonel without any Relation to the reversionary Grant: That, Vernon had also purchased several valuable Interests in Colonel Vernon being then dead, his Executors having rc-possession and Reversion, determinable upon Leases upon nounced, and his only Daughter, and First Devisee, being Lives or Years, in the Forest of Needwo'jd and Honour an Infant, in foreign Parts, and under an Outlawry, no Ap-of Tudbury, Parcel of the Estates of the Duchy of Lan- plication could be made to Parliament on their Behalf; easter\ and had also purchased several Offices in the said but the said Brown cY\d apply, by Petition, for a Provision Honour and Forest, which were held by Letters Patent to be inserted in the said Act, for repaying his 3,300l. of the 27th February 1682 for Three Lives, the last of and Interest, and also for Allowance of Interest on the which is lately determined: That King Charles the Se- 7,000l. to the Time of its being repaid in February cond did agree to grant the Reversion, in Fee, of the said 1686; and proposed to the Crown, by way of Recom-Honour and Forest, and of the said Offices, to the said pence, the seizing of the said Leasehold Offices, which Colonel Vernon, in consideration of the Sum of 7,000l. in were then in his Pofiession; and accordingly Provision was Money, and of a Conveyance from the Colonel to the made for satisfying Brown by a Fall of Timber from the Crown, of the Inheritance of the Fort and Lands at Premises, unless the said Sum of 3,300l. and Interest, Sheerness, with a Relealc of all Damages and Demands on should be paid to him by the Crown before the 25th account thereof: Thar, on the 20th ot November 1683, March 1697J with a Proviso, that, upon Payment of Colonel Vernon executed to the Crown such Conveyance the said Sum, with Interest, all Securities, which Brown and Release: That, on the following Day, the royal had for the Payment of the said Money from Colonel Ver-Grant, in Fee, passed the Duchy Seal, in which the Con- non, IhoulJ be assigned to his Majesty, or such Person fiderations are specified to be as above mentioned; and as he should appoint; and that, as by this Act the re-which Grant w'as to take Place from the Determination of verfionary Grant of the Honours and Premises was finally the several Leasehold Interests in the Premises then sub- resumed and re-vested in the Crown, lb, the Petitioner filling: That, to prevent a Merger of the Petitioner's apprehends, the Fort and Lands of Sheerness, the principal Leasehold Interests, the Names of Rupert Brown, Nephew Consideration of that Grant, must become likewise re-to che Colonel, and of Samuel Boheme, were inserted as no- vested in the original Proprietor, or his Devi fees, and the minal Grantees, though in Trull for the Colonel only; Demands formerly made for Damages again revived: and the said Sum of 7,000l. was aflu'ally paid to the Use That the said Mary Vernon having been outlawed, and ac-of the Crown, being raised upon the joint Securities of tainted for High Treason, the Commissioners for the for-Vernon and Brown: That in consideration of Browns feited Estates in Ireland seized Colonel Vernons Estate in taking upon himself the Payment of 3,800l. Part of the that Kingdom to the Use of the Crown, and received said 7,000l. and of his lending to Colonel Vernon 3,300l. thereout 1,896 /. but that, in 1.702, the said Outlawry be-the remaining Consideration Money, Colonel Vernon did ing reversed by Act of Parliament, she recovered Possession agree to admit Brown to One Moiety of the beneficial of the said Estate: That, upon her dying without Issue, in Interest in these Reversions, and to give him a Mortgage 1729 the Petitioner became intitled to all Colonel Vernon's upon the other Moiety for the 3,300l. which Agreement Estate, and particularly to the said Fort and Lands of was accordingly executed by Deed on the 7 th of March Sheerness, and to the Demands remaining unsatisfied on 1683, with an Indorsement signed both by Brown and that account: That various Applications having been Vernon, restraining the Operation of the Conveyance to made to the Crown by the Petitioner, and also by the said the reversionary Grant only: That, in 1685, a Decree Mary Vernon, the Petitioner did, in January 1752, again was obtained in Chancery for vacating the said reversion- submit the same for his Majesty's Consideration, by Me-ary Grant, upon a Pretence of I mposition and Over-value, morial to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; the Crownllill retaining the Fort and Lands of Sheerness: which Memorial being transmitted to the Officers of the

That loon after Colonel Vernon died, having veiled by his Board of Ordnance, the said Officers did, on the 14th of Will his Estates, particularly the Honours and other Pre- November iaft, report, that it did not appear to them, that mires, in his Trullees and Executors; First, for Payment any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Satisfaction of the 3,300l. and Interest to Brown, then for Payment whatever, had been made or paid through that Office, of his own*Debts and Legacies generally, and afterwards, either by the Crow n or Publick, to any Person for the said in Trust, for his Two Daughters and their Issue, with Fort and Lands, or in relpedl of Damages relative thereto; Power of Alienation; Remainder to John Vernon, the Pe- but that that Office had, ever since the 8 th of March 1682, titioner's Grandfather^ and his First and other Sons, in remained in an uninterrupted and peaceable Pofiession Tail Male, with Remainder over: That Mary, the only thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the surviving Daughter, being then a Minor, was clan- Premises into Consideration, and to extend such adequate deftinely carried abroad, and there remained till (he be- . Satisfaction and Relief to the Petitioner in the Premises, came outlawed; and the T ruftces and Executors of Colo- as the Nature and Circumstances of the same shall require,

nel Vernon's Will, having renounced the Execution there- and as to the House shall seem meet, of, the said Rupert Brown procured Administration, with Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Will annexed, for his own Brother Mark Brown; and Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine, under Colour of a Bond from Colonel Vernon, in 8,coo/. and Hate to the House, the Matters of Fadl contained in Penalty, for Performance of Covenants in the Deed of the Laid Petition:

7th March 1683, got Possession of the Colonel's Lease- And it is referred to Lord Granby, Lord Dupplin, Lord hold Estates in England\ which Hood unimpeached by the George Sackvilte, Mr. Finch, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Leveson Decree, and also of his Irish Estates, and so received a Gower, Sir IVm. Tonge, Mr. Hrejl, Lord Strange, Mr. greac Overplus beyond the said Sum of 3,300l. and In- Hardinge, Sir Richard IVrottesley, Mr. Gray, Sir Cal* rereft, which was the only Debt ever due to him from- vert, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. IVilkmfon, Sir Francis Fsole, Colonel Vernon', and having exhibited his Bril against his Mr. Charlton, Mr. Secretary at War, Alderman Bedford, Brother, the Administrator and the Receiver of the Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir , Duchy, obtained a Decree thereon for the Re-^>ayment to John Rufhout, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lyfler, Sir Eaward himself of the 7.000l.: That in the 7th and 8th Years of Bering, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Egmont, Mr. Popham, Sir ' the Reign of King William the Third, An Act of Parlia- John Cust, Mr. Uoblyn, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Southwell, Mr. ment was passed, by which, upon the Foundation of the 1 Northey, Sir George Lyttleton, Mr. Martin, Lord Barring-

ton,

26 Geo. II. $9 Jatiuar54f

ton, Mr. Charles Townjend, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Vyner, Colonel Conway, Lord rentbam, Admiral Bo/ca-tew/, Mr. Vernon, Mr. "Thornton, Lord P.obert Sutton, Lord George Cavendtjh, Lord Frederick Cavendtjh, Sir Thomas Robinfcn, Lord Galway, Lord Carysforty Sir Finch Cottony Lord Sir Ligonier, Mr. Owen, Mr. Bodvile,

Mr. Ojflcy, Sir Jaiw Savile, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Jennens, Mr. Edwin, Mr. /Irundell, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Chetwynd, Admiral Rowley, Sir William Irby, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Lambc, Colonel Mofiyn, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Damery Colonel Waldegrave, Sir Charles Howardy Mr. Clayton, Mr Earle \ and all the Members who serve for the County of Rent: And the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Plundering Ordered, That Mr. John Gore be added to the Gentle-

Goods^ C mcn W are aPPointc^ co prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall Ileal or detain Ihipwrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Persons luffering Lofle* thereby.

Hoffgaird'* A Bill for naturalizing Frederick Hoffgaard, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr. Wtlkhfjon, Lo;d Harley, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Kemys Tynle, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gore, \Ir. fAsy, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Har~ dinge, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Popham, Lord IVenman, Mr. /Jotc;-Jfey, Mr. Stuart, Lord Strange, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Drake, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Willes, Sir 7<L// Cust, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Sandys, Mr Bond, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Hume, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Richard Wrottejley, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Mor ton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Richards, Mr. Affiak, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bacon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Valk’s Nat. A Petition of Volk was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, Lyjler and Mr. Pytts do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved,' That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Twenty-eight thousand Three hundred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty for defraying the Charge of the Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guem-Jey, and JoJey, lor the Year 1 753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-six thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majelh’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar; and for Pro-

Vol. 26.

visions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland*

Gibraltar, and Providence; for the Year 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, fordefraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, in the Year 1752, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Couimictee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand and Thirty-six Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, for the Year 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thac a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Two hundred and Seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings and FivePence* be granted to his Majesty, upon account, for Out-pen-fionciscf Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1753.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally pi# thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Army, Mu-punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr.

Secretary at War, and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Pytts have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Redftone Persons, living in, near, and frequently passing through. Ferry Roads, the Roads leading from Redstone Ferry, in the Parish of AJlley, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Ten* bury, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the said Roads are become very ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair; and that, although Part oi the Roads aforesaid (being Two Miles or thereabouts) is included in, and directed to be repaired by, a former Act, yet the same is still in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be sufficiently amended by virtue of the said last mentioned Act: And therefore praying, Thac Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and completing, the Repairs of the Roads aforesaid, by

6 Y such

541 19-5'

ihch means, and in such manner, as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pytts, Mr. Gray, Lord Bateman, Mr. Rowney, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Prowse, Lord Harley, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Kemys,

\Tynte, Mr. Lyjler, Colonel Bofcawen, Sir John Cust, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Thornton, Lord Strange, Mr. Popham, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hay, Mr. Williams, Mr. Chester, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gw*, Mr. Torke, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Amy and Lord itor-rington, Mr. Ellis, Lord Hillfhorough, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel Ell Jon, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Colonel Cornwallis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31° diejanuarii;

#Anno 26° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Seend Street Ti/f R. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Road. i\jL the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Clothiers, and others, Inhabitants of the Devizes, Seend, Melksham, Atworth, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petirion, Henry Colthurjt Esquire, was examined; who said, Thac the Road mentioned in the Petition is the great Road from 1The Devizes to Bath and Bristol, and is Nine Miles long, and most Part of the Soil is a deep Clay, and very ruinous, and in many Places too narrow for Carriages to pass one another: That many Parts of it are liable to be overflowed; and that Two Persons, within the Witness’s Knowledge, have been drowned, in endeavouring to pals the Bridge at Melksham:

He further said, That the Parish of Melksham have performed their Statute-work, and raised a Tax of Six Pence in the Pound, which was laid out upon the said Road; but that Twelve Pence in the Pound, and the Statute-work, would be inefficient to repair the fame.

Mr. RichardBunter Robins, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Colthurst, in regard to the Badness and Narrowness of the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Welt End of Seend Street, in the County of Wilts, to The Hor/e and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County: And that Mr. Popham and Mr. Townsend do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Hoffgaard’s Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom Nat» the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Hoffgaard was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

' Januarii. A. 1753*

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Hackney subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rt(l of the Rond. Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch-Church, through Hackney to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Trustees, in order effectually to repair the said Road, which at the Commencement of the said Act was in a very ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act; Part of which Money hath been repaid; but thac the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds and upwards (till remains due; and that the Money so borrowed, together with so much of the Income of the Tolls as remained after Payment of Interest, and of Part of the principal Sum borrowed, and after discharging other necessary Expences attending the Execution of the said Act, have been duly-applied, according to the Directions thereof, and in amending the said Road; and that the same was, soon after the making of the said Act, thoroughly amended, and has been ever since kept in good Repair; but that the said Road cannot be continued in such Repair, and the Money remaining due as aforesaid be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be prolonged and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the said Term and Powers, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-ficicration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the faa»e, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Gash>y, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornton, Lord Parker, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Henley, Sir John Cujl, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr, Barry,

Mr. John Torke, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Wigley, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Saunders, General Onslow, Mr.

Nugent, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Walpole senior, Mr. Comptroller, Mr Townsend, Mr. Nassau,

Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Leggs, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr Leveson Gower, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Jenyns, Sir George Oxen den, Mr. Sergi-son, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Bacon, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Pro ft or,

Sir Wm, Tonge, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Thornhagh,

Mr. Pitt i and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. NathanaelNewnbam reported from the Committee, Boumeefter’s, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Daniel Boumeefter and &c.Nat. James Rilliet was committed, That the (Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Blackett the Reverend Do6lor Blackett, for the Sermon by him thanked, preached Yesterday before this House, at^f. Margaret's Wejfminfer; and that he be desired to print the same:

And that Lieutenant General Handafyde, Lieutenant Gene-’ ral Onslow, and Mr. Ridley, do acquaint him therewith.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Fioufe Doty on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ¥ai*>&c-upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain

i6 Geo. II. 31° Januarii — 1° Februarii.

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1753.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, I hat they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1753, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1751, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1753.

Ordered, That it be an fnftruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for enlarging the Time for the Propi ietors of Annuities, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, to subscribe their said Annuities, pursuant to an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for converting the several Annuities, therein mentioned, into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and allbfor consolidating the kveral oilier Annuities, therein mentioned, into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferable at the South Sea House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bcwdley, &c. Mr. IVMi am Lyttelton reported from the Committee, Roads. to whom the Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, under their Common Seal; and also the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Landholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in or near to the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Vorcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directtd him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tables Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Robert Pardo said. That the Borough of Bewdley is a Place of great Trade and Commerce: That he knows the Road leading from the said Borough to the Doghanging Bank; which there branches intoTwoRoads, one leading through Cleobury to the Three-forked Poky in the County of Salop, and the other to Newnham Bridge, in the County of Worcester; and also the Road from Bewdley, through Dunley, to the Hundred Housey which is in the High Road from Redftone Ferry to Tr.tbury and Ludlow; and also the Road from Bewdley, through Kinlet, to Prescot: That all the said Roads, which are about Thirty computed Miles, are in divers Places so ruinous and deep, that Carriages cannot pass without great Danger and Difficulty, and are in many Parts very narrow and incommodious, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair.

Mr. fVilluyg Crump, being examined, confirmed the aforegding EWence of Mr. Pardo, and said, That Materials amending the said Roads may be had very near. /

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads leading from the Town of Brwdley, in the County of Worcester (to wit) from the Welsh Gate in the said Town to the Dogbanging Bank, and from thence, by Cleobury, Mortimer, and the WoodhcuJe, to the Three-forked Pole upon the Gee-hill, in the County of Salop, and from the Doghanging

Vol. 26*

Bank to Newnham Bridge, in the said County of Worcester, and from Tinkers Gate, in the said Town, by a Farm-house in Pofi’eflion of IViiliam Fidkin, to Dunlex, in the said County of Worcester, and from Dog-lane Gate, in the same Town, through the Parish of Kinlet, to the Village of Prescot, in the said County of Salop: And that Mr.

IViiliam Lyttelton, 2nd Sir George Lyttelton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith be added to the Gentlemen Leicester,&c« who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for re- Reads, pairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Aftoby de la Zouch, in the said County.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightiness the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Councries, on the one Part; and his most Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria, on the other Part; concluded at Hanover the \ - of August 1750; and Translation; (which were presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January 1750) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightiness the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Part; and his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, on the other Part; concluded at Dresden, September 13th, 1751; and Translation; (which were presented to the House upon the 16th Day of January 1752) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddirefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis> i° die Februarii:

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederick Hcffgaard, Hoffgaafrd’* was read the Third time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hoffgaard.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Owners Bridlington of Ships, Freeholders, and others, inhabiting in and near Piers* the Town of Bridlington, in the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having a Member taken the Oaths, and made, and subscribed, the Declara- takes Oaths, tion, and taken, and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Petition was read; reciting Part of an BridJin t0I|

Act, Piers.

Carlton’s

Name.

Hackney

Roads.

544

10 Februarii* 1753.

Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his late Majesty King William the Third, for repairing the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the said County j which Act was, by Two subsequent Acts, revived and continued, with additional Powers, for Twenty-five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1730$ and setting forth, That several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts; and that there is now owing a considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be repaid, and the Repairs and Works proper and necessary to be done in and about the said Piers and Harbour be performed, unless the fubfifiing Term be enlarged, and the same Acts made more effectual: And therefore, in regard the said Piers and Harbour have not only proved beneficial to the Neighbourhood, but also to the Publick, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the present Term, with such other additional Powers as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hqyfe.

And it is referred to Lord Downe, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Willliam Cahert, Mr. Gray, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Prowje, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Char Iton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Henley, Sir John Turnery Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Tor key Sir George Oxen den. Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bold, Colonel Eliot, Mr. Fane, Lord Strange, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Potter, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Bond, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Williams, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hilli and all the Members who serve for the Countiesof Fork, Durham, Northumberland, and the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alderman Betbell preCented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling Abraham Carlton Esquire, now called Abraham Cumberbatch, and his Irtue Male, to take and use the Surname of Cumberbatch: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Belchier, Mr. Willy, Mr. Nath a nael Newnham, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Charlton, Lord Dupplin, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Kent, Mr. Walpole junior, Lord Trentbam, Lord Hobart, Mr. Barbor, Sir John Barrington, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Brijlowe, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Delme, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hale, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Polbill, Mr. Scott, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, is referred.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofifed.

Sir George Oxenien reported from the Committee, to Game Law. whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game, by enlarging the Time within which Suits and Actions arc to be brought by Force of the said Act, was committed, Thac the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seven thousand Six hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Eight hundred and Seventeen Pounds Eleven shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expence Of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to T reaty,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty.

The said Refoluuons, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Neale be added to the Gentlemen seen(| Street who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for re- Road, pairing and widening the Road from the West End of Seend Street, in the County of Wilts, to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County.

t kr( rcig1 givi! put trafi Imf 1 1

k

l

Valk’s Nat. Mr. Lyfier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jacob Valk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duty on Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Malt, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1753, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, jm?orting That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole of Wine* in House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways Bottles, and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

That they have Power to consider of an Act, passed in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duties on Wine Lees and Lignum Vitae, and laying new Duties on Wine Lees; and for prohibiting the Importation of Wine in Flasks, Bottles, or small Calks; and for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures; and/or supplying the Want of regu-ia lar

26 Geo. II. Is — 2° Februarit,

545

CtrfiQe to

Pcirith

tad.

tar Certificates of such Manufactures being landed in foreign Parts, where such Certificates cannot be had j and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrails j so far as the said A & relates to the prohibiting the Importation of certain Wines in Flaiksor Bottles.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for he Yea,. } 74-

Teller, for heNoe, ] '4>-

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 2° die Februarit \

Anno a6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753. Prayers.

SIR James Lowther presented to the House, according -to Order4 & Bill for repairing the Road from the City

of CarliJU to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having A Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, takes Oathfi4 and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for chafe Purposes j

The said Bill was read the First time. Carlisle to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Penrith

Road.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for exc- Navy Curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimateof the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as ic Hood on 31st December 1752: And also.

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy* from the 31st December 1751, to the 31(1 December 1752, Upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were 'borne, and what muftcred in -the Service.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followeth; viz.

j

si-

VOL.26.

ft z

Navy

L

54^ 2° Februarii. A. 1753.

Navy-pfnce, } An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, oti the Heads hereafter men-

29th January 1753I y tioned, as it flood On the 31st December 1752.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Particulars.

TQTAk

Wear and Tearj Ordinary and Transports.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills* registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores* &c. supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores - For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, cfor which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1732; as also to several Bills of Exchange , -To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For HaJf-pay to Sea Officers, -according to an Eft; b ishment, nude by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf

Seamen’s Wages.

Due, to pay the Men, vsfr. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1752 -

To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, for ' Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea, -

Victualling Debt; as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off

For paying off all Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1752 -

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Monty, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; iJiz.

Due, foi; the Quarters and Cure of lick and hurt Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty's Ships at the several Ports; and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies 1 elating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million One hundred and Twenty-eight thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Three Shillings and Three Farthings -From whence deducting the Money in the~J Treasurer’s Hands - - j

And also the Money that remained to come fas on the other Side, in of the Supplies of the Year J

The Debt will then be Nine hundred Forty-four thousand Nine hundred and One Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Peace

£. s. d.

219,925 a id 35.6*3 17 8

6S,oj6 6 11 162,163 o o 45,31! 6 1

192,447 6 2}

211,511 o o

16,535 14 3

i3>*9° IO 6

37,733 I 5

57-6 14 10

808 3 8

lO, Ol6 10 5

87,589 3 io| 96,208 16 7*

£ s. d.

5311649 it 6

420,49+ o 5}

167,475 o 10

9,680 10 3

1,128,699 3

183,798 o si

£ 944’901 2 7

Memorandum:

o

e-

Mcmorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasuren*of the Navy,.on the 31st Dumber 1752, in Money, as under-mentioned^and may be reckoned towards

fitisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy j


On the Heads of

In what Treaftirers Hands. la Money^ r Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. Seamens Wages. Victuals. 1 TOTAL.

Right Honourable Sir John Rujhoui Baronet. (In Money ----- \ D*, towards the Debt for (ick and hurt Seamen - L d. 7,816 4 ii £ J 93 656 10 8 £ * 1,827 19 d. !} £ s. d. 10,493 16 1

Right Honourable George. Esquire. fin Money ----- \ D°, towards the Debt for lick and hurt Seamen - 6,5 a j 4! 8»S97 7i 741 3 3i 207 II 16,071 7 71

Right Honourable Henry Legge Esquire; (In Money - -- -- -\ D*, towards the Debt for Sick and hurt Seamen - 24,435 >3: 24,455 O 2f 2,541 2. 10 9,592 2 61,023 19

38,777 0 ii 37^84 10 ii " i 11,627 13 3i 87,589 3 ioi

There remained, on the 31st December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 175a — £. 96,208. 16 j. 7

O

o

Nl

26 GeO. II. i° Febfuarii.

i° Februar

A1753-

Navy-Office, 7 Am AC CO UN T of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy* 49th "January 1753. $ frogi the 31st December 1751, to the 31st December 1752, upon a Medium of each Months dist what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service. Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 26th January 1753.

January m

February -

March -

April -

May -

June -

July - -

Jugujl -

September - -

October -

November -

December -

Upon a Medium Exam\ per E. B. - S. Mostyn, Will. Corbett,

Seamen. Soldiers and Marines, Fart of Complement.

( — 1

Borne. Mustered. Borne. Mustered.

10,132 9,606 US ils

10,452 9.853 II4. 114

IO>795 10,341 It4 H4

10,93 s 10,845 114 U4

10,621 10,249 ,34 34

9,981 9.538 —

9*747 9,084 — —

10,2 18 9.997 — - —

10,133 9.743 — — -

9>x54 8,787 — —

9.036 8,609 — —

6,057 5,609- — —

1:7,261 112,261 491 491

1 9*77* 9.355 98 98

Jof. Jilin Dan, Devert,

R. OJborn, Richard Hall.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Army, Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according Mutiny and to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion; and Dtriertion. for the bf.tter Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

KoadsI1 Ordered, That Lord George Bent inch. Sir Francis Dafh~

wood, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Earle, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Farington, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Richard Clayton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Brand, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Offley, Mr. JemiiJon, Mr. EPiJon, Mr. Brijlowe, Mr. Robert Brijlowe, Colonel Vane, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Cajllefowerby Pa (hi res, and Sebra-ham Bridge, to Chafkbeck, in the said County, and also the Road which branches and leparates from the same Road upon Castlefowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hejket, otherwise Hejket Newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said County; is committed.

'HCRoad}kC Mr* W*lfen reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Trades-men, and Inhabitants, of the County of Westmorland, whose Names are thereunto subscribtd, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Hugh Holmes, said, That the Road leading from HeHng Syke, to Burton, and from Burton to Kendal, and from thence to Emont Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, is so deep and ruinous, and in many Parts thereof so narrow and incommodious, that Carriages cannot pass without great Delay and Difficulty; that there has been an Order of Session for raising Sixpence in the Pound, in many Places, over and above the Statute-work, towards widening the said Road; which has been found inefficient; and that the Road remains in a worse Condition in many Parts than before j and that it is impossible to amend the said

Road, and keep the same in Repair, by the Laws ia being.

Thomas Carlton Esquire, Mr. Fcthergill, and Mr.

Thomas Olivant, being severally examined, confirmed the said Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening and repairing the high Road leading from Heir-ing Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, through the Town of Kir!.by Kendal, and from thence to Emont Bridge, in the said County of frej'r-morldUd: And that Mr. Wilson, Mr. Dalstone, and Sir James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Hale reported from the Committee, to whom the EnJfield, Petition of rheTrustees, whose Names are thereunto fob- &c. Roads, feribed, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the First passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Endfieldin the County of MiH dlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford\ and the Second passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty more effectual, and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge, to the South End of the Great Bridge , at Wades Mill, and from the great Road at Che fount, to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act of Parliament, made in the 1 uh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was produced, and read; whereby it appeared, That several ToUrand Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads, which4 were to continue for 21 Years.

And by another Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, also produced, and read, it appeared. That the Tolls and Powers, by the first -mentioned Act granted, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for a Term of Seven Years.

Then the following Witnclles were examined; viz.

Mr. Boflock Toller, Clerk to the Trustees, f-.id, That, at the Time of passing the said Acts, the Roads were in 12 lu eh

‘Geo.JI.

2° — 50 Februarii.

54?i

such a ruinous Condition, that the Trustees were obliged . to borrow, at different Times, considerable Sums of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls, to make the Roads pafiable; and although the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in re- ’ pairing the fame, yet the Roads, in many Parts thereof* are very bad in the Winter Season.

Mr. John Smart, one of the Surveyors of the Highways, said, Thatseveral Parts of the said Roads, through which heavy Carriages frequently pass, are very bad; and so mud continue, unless a sufficient Sum of Money be yearly raised, in order to put, and keep the same in Repair.

And Mr. Holier further said, That there is a Debt now due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, amounting to the Sum of 9C0 /. which cannot be paid off, during the fubfilling Term, as the same is near expiring*

And both the Witnesses added. That the Debt now due cannot be repaid, and the Repairs of the said Roads carried on, and completed, unless further Powers be given for making the said Acts more effectual, and the Term, Tolls, and Powers, by those Acts granted, be further continued.

Ordered, That L.iave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing and giving further Powers to the Trullees, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firtl, and the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Purish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford,£nd to the Great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge, to the South End of the Great Bridge at Wades Mill* and from the great Road at Cheshunt, 1 o the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford: And that Mr. Hale, Mr. Charles, Gere, and Mr. llarrifon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir George Oxenden.do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ,. i- >0

' ' ' - *' ‘ ' \li:V

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,5to ’Militia. render the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called'.

England, more useful And that Mr. Them ten, ‘Mr.

Sydenham, Lieutenant General Oglethorpe, and Mr.! ' Townshend, do prepare, and bring in,' the fame. ,.

A Bill to enable ‘John Peptoe Birch, an Infartt; hereto-, ^eploe's fore called Jehu Peploe, to take and use the Surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Birch 1 Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to L Bateman Sir Francis Drake, Lord Sirdnge, Mr. TownfhenA, 'Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Torke, Mr. Morton, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Fairfax', MrJ Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Lord Dupplinf thanatl Newnbam, Mr. Thornton, Mt. Sydenham, Kyd nafion, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Richards, Sir James Lowther, Lord HillJlorough, Mvt Nugent, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Pelham, Mr. St.John, Mr,'

Salusbury, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Cooke, Mr, Pytts, Mr. Selwyn,

Lord Verney, Mr. Neale, Mr. Barry, Mr. Comptroller,*

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Legge, Sir Lionel Pil~ kington, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Kent, Sir John St. Aubin, Sir Nich. Bay ley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Finch, Sir Lynch Cotton>

Mr. Nejlitt \ and all the Members who serve for the County of Hereford, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Waysdnd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. - ,

Doty on An ingrossed Bill, for continuing, and granting to his

Malt.&c. Majesty, certain Duties, upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and feerry, for thfC Service of the Year 1753, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for continuing, and granting to his Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1753; and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for subscribing Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, into the joint Stock of Annuities therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Boomecfter’s, An ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing Daniel Boumeefier, fcc.Nai. and Janies Rilliet, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That die Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boumeester, and James Rilliet.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathanael Newnbam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Game Laws. An ingrossed Bill, to amend an Act made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game, by enlarging the Time within which Suits and Actions are to be brought, by Force of the said Act, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Sch Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game, by enlargirtg the Time within which Suits and Actions arc to be brought, by Force of the said Act.

VOL. 26.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 5° die Febru;

Anno 26° Georgii II'11 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

*l£ACOB VALK took the Oaths appointed, in order J to his Naturalization.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Of* S:end Street der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Rdid from the Road*

West End of Seend Street, in the County of Wilts, to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County t And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.' '*

Sir Danvers Ofbome presented to the House, according Dunstable to Order, a Bill, for continuing, and making more Road* effectual, Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Fifth Year of* the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunflable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedfoti\ and a!so for repairing the Road from the Sign of the White Horse, to the Sign of the King's Arms in Hochiffe aforesaid: And the fame was received. "

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having a ft&mber taken the Oachs, and made and subscribed the DecJara- takes Cutbu tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration* according to the Laws made for those Purposes j

The said Bill was read the First time. Dunlable

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second rime. Road.

7 A A Petition

50 5 ° Februarii." ^.1753.

f bcvon A Petition of the High Sheriff, JustieCs of the Pedce* pointy Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Ctol. Devon, assembled at a General Meeting, held for that Pur-pote, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the high Gaol for Criminals doth not belong to the Sheriff; and that the said County is at present without any Sherife Prison, or Place of Confinement or Security for Debtors; which is a very great Inconvenience to the County in general, and no small Hazard and Expence to the High Sheriff, for the Time being, who is obliged to keep the Debtors in a House on such Terms as the Proprietor has thought fit to impose; which have grown upon the Sheriff for several Years past; and that, for this Year, the High Sheriff was obliged to give him Seventy Guineas; and that the Petitioners have good Reason to think, that the Proprietor of the said House will (till raise his Demands, he having declared, That he will not agree with future Sheriffs, upon the present Terms; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Ward for Debtors was under the more immediate Care of the High Sheriff, for the Time being, the Persons confined there would be better secured, and treated with Tenderness and Humanity: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

fiven to bring in a Bill, for raising a Sum not exceeding 'wo thousand Pounds, by an equal and just Rate on the Lands in the said County of Devon, in such manner as County Rates are raised by the Laws now in being, for erefling or purchasing (as shall be thought most convenient) a County Prison, or Place for Confinement of Debtors, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof5 and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr, Prowje, Lord John Murray, Sir Charles Kemys Jynte, Mr. Shuttlezvorth, Lord Strange, Mr. Drake, Mr. Med-lycott. Sir Richard Lloyd\ Mr. Waif ole, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Barry, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Willy, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Lionel PUkington, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Tuckfield, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gray, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Powney, Mr. Poore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, Dorset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vilk’s Nat A Bill for naturalizing Jacob Falk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster, Mr. Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fellowes, Lor dDuppliu, M r. Gray, M r. Jenyns, M r. Morton, M r. Willes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gray, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Pytts, General Onslow, Lord Harley, Sir Edmund JJbam, Mr. Willes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Barry, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Med-lycott, Mr. Hampden, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Poore, Sir Thomas Rohinjon, Mr. Martin, General Campbell, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Norbome Berkeley, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Prowje, Lord Strange, Mr. Smith, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Torke, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Barrington, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Burrell, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Page, Mr. Powney, Mr. Rowney, Mi> Taylor: And they are to meet this After- noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Basingstone A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Roads. holders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton and Sumy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from Bajingftone, otherwise called Golden Farmer Hill, in the County of Surry, through Frimley and Fambam,in the fan)c County, and from thence

through Bentley, Froy/e, Holly Borne, Alton, Chawttin,

Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County Of South* amp ton, are in a very founderous Condition, and narrow in many Places; and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may. be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Roads aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as in shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to General Onslow, Mr. Delme, Mr.

Hunter, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Char!est Vernon, Mr. Legge, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Henley, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Briftowe, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr;

Alderman Bethel I, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir John St. Aubin,

Mr. Beckford, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Nor they.

Sir Richard Wrotteftey, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Clevland, Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Budgen, Mr. West, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Drake, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Prowje,

Lord Strange, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Thorn-hagh. Colonel Handajyde, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hampden, Sir Hen. Mar shall, Mr. Jenyns, Mr*

Sloper, Sir Danvers Osborne, Sir John Cust, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Pye, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Neale, Sir John Turner, Mr,

Bacon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton and Surry: And they are to meet’ this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records*

A Bill to naturalize John Henry Schoen, Peter Roetolph, SclW*, George Alexander Fatio, and William Du Bois, was read a &c. Nit. Second time. '

Resolved, That the* Bill be committed to Mr. John!

Willes, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Danvers Osborne,'Mt.

Lyster, Admiral Bynge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Barry, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Charlton, Mr.,

Pye, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Morton, Mr. Obrien, Sir Geoj Oxenden, Mr. Martin, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fellowes,' MfJ,

Wm. Lyttelton, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Nassau, Mr. Cocks,

Warburton, Mr. Shelley, Lord Barrington, Sir Wm. CalT vert. Sir Wm. Cedrington, Mr. Lane, Mr. Salusbury, Mr*

John Torke, Mr. Wilson, Mr, Burrell, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Nor. Bertie, Mr. Aldworth, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr.

Thomas Gore, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Powney, Sir John Cust;

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Prowje, Mr. Northey, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bathwft, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Page, Mr. Sergijon, Mr. Legge, Mr. Williams, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Tracy: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ' /

Mr. William Lyttelton presented to the House, according Bewdley, &c. to Order, a Bill for repairing, amending* and widening, Roads* the Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester j (to wit), from the Welsh Gate, in the said Town, to the Dog-hanging Bank, and from thence by Cleobury Mortimer, and the Woodhouse, to the Three-forked Pole, upon the Cleebill, in the County of Salop, and from the Dog-banging Bank, to Newnham Bridge, in the County of Worcester, and from Tinkers Gate, in the said Town, by a Farm House, in Possession of William Fidkin, to Dunley, in the said County of Worcester, and from Dog-lane Gate, in the same Town, through the Parish of Kinlet, to the Village of Prescot, in the said County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read 3 Second time.

A Bill for enabling Abraham Carlton Esquire, now called Carlton’* Abraham Cumberbatch, and his Issue Male, to take and use Name, the Surname of Cumberbatch, \yas read a Second time.

Resolved,

16 Geo. If. 5° — 6° Februarii. 5$t

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Bethell\ Mr. Newnbam, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Oswald, Lord Strange, Sir John Cust, Mr. S/0/xrr, Mr. £y-Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Lyjler, Colonel , Mr. Obrien, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Warburton, Sir Codrington, Mr. C00&?, Sir Lynch Gotten, Sir Rushout, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Mr. Thombagh, Mr. Northey,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. for, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Pollhill, General Onslow, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Willes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Gybbon. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkin-Jon, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Lord Harley, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Mr. Py<?, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. £//w, Mr.

Mr. Harrison, Sir Ww. Tonge, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Grew-v///e; And they arc to meet this Afternoon ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Qaeow’ngtoB Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom JbcMw*- the Bill, for dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Common G rounds, Pasture or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open in the Parish of Quermington, in the County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except William Vokins, Charles Stephens, Sujarmah Tombs, and John Godwin, who are possessed of Eleven Yard Lands and One-half; and that the said Common Fields, and other Lands, contain, in the Whole, Thirty-seven Yard Lands; and that the Contents of the Bill had been communicated to the said Persons, who declared, they would not oppose the fame; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Teport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; *nd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

The Order of the Day being read;

Wars an4 The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Mean* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties on Salt, and on Red and WhiteHerrings,ddivered outfor HomcConsumption.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Sail Dutici* House, an Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer, of the Duties on Salt, for Seven Years, ended the 10th Day of October 175c, distinguishing*ach Yean Vol. 26.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account af House, an Account of the principal Sums remaining un- remaining discharged of the Sum of One Million, lent upon Credit s^g*9^ of the Duties upon Saif, for the Service of the Year 1745.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of HoOfe, an Account of the Monies that remained in the Surplus of Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1753, of the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery Anno 1714; after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account erf House, an Account of the Monies that remained in the 5i!tics on Receipt of the Exchequer, on the fthDayof January 1753, inel* of the additional Duties On Low Wines, and Spirituous Liquors, granted by several Acts of Parliament of the 16 th and 24th Years of his Majesty's Reign, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, an Account of the Monies that remained in the *-7thsEtcifo Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5 th Day of January 1753, of the ths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 6° die Februarii j.

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753*

PfcAYEXS.

A PET IT I ON of several of the Trustees appointed Ealand to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty KingGwg* the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted for Repair of the said Road; and that the Trustees, for putting the said Act in Execution, have borrowed the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, which now remains due; and that the said Tolls, and the Money so borrowed, have not been sufficient to complete the Repair of the said Road, and keep the feme in Repair, and pay off the Sum borrowed, and now due, as aforesaid; nor can the same be done, unless the Terms and Powers given by the said Act be inlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted be augmented:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coit-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Sir Walter Bagot,

Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. West, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Geo. Oxenden,

Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cocke, Mr* Fellowes, Lord Strange, Mr. Southwell, Sir Robert Burdet,

Mr. Warburton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Bojcavien, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gybbon,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Vere Bertie, Mr.

Gore, Lord Downe, Mr. Morton, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. John Torke, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Neale,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Richards; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmor~ land, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-

55*

6° Februarii.

4-1'755-

ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, und Records.

Redrtone A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, residing

Ferry Roads. ;n an(j near the cou, Uy of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto dubferibed, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, That the Roads leading from Redfione Ferry, in the Piarish of Act ley, in the Count^ of Worcester, to the Hundred Houft, and from thence to Monks Bridge, in the Road to the.Town of Tenbury, in the said County, through the Parishes of Abler ley, Stockton, and Lindridge, and also from the said Hundred House, through Sanford, Hanley William, and Hanley Child, in the Parish of Eastr ham, to the Town of 'Tenbury aforesaid, are become very ruinous; and several Parts thereof are narrow; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appoinred by Law, be effectually repaired: And therefore praying,

' That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seen^meeL

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living in, near, and frequently passing through, the Roads leading from Redftone Ferry, in the Parish of AJlley, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Tenbury, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition} and report the fame, as it shallappear tft them, to the House.

Roads.

Highgateand A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Hampstead Execution Four Acts of Parliament, passed in the Third and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Iris present Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names . are thereinto subscribed, was TpreferiCed to the House, and read; setting forth, That by thfe laid Acts several Tolls arid Powers were granted for repairing the said Highways, and great Progress hath been made in amending the same; notwithr standing which, they cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept, and the Money now owing upon the Credit,of the Tolls repaid, unless the said Acts are further continued, and! made more, effectual: And therefore prayiHg, That Lekve may be given to bring in a Bill, to continue, and render more effectual, the said Acts, for such Term,'and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. 1 y

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Northey, Mr; Lowndes, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Southwell, Mr. West, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lajcclles, Mr. WhichI cjote, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Bond, Mr. Torke, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Powney, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Lane, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Locke, Sir -John Rushout, Sir John Ciift, Mr. Bold, Mr. Tracy, ’Mr. FcP~

/owes, Mr. Med'ycott, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Potter9 Mr. Wittes, 'Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Rowrity,

Mr. Neale, Mr. Nezmhcm, Mr. Hume, Mr. AfjUck, Lord Geo.-Bent in ck, Sxt Thomas Robinson, Mr; Wilkinfcn; Mr! Abraham Plume, Mr. Morton, Mr. Barbor, Lord Digbyf Sir Richard Wrottesleyr, and all ^the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, and Hertford, and the City of London: And they are to' meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

"fhe House being informed, That Mr. Jennings, frolfi the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House,. pursuanc to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer; Salt, of the Duties on Salt, for Seven Years, ended the iothof OStoher\1752, distinguishing each Year: And also; -An Account of the principal Sum, remaining unxlrf- Ditto, charged, of the Sum of One Million, 'ientuporrOeditof the Duties upon Salt, for the'Service of the Year 1745:

And also, 1

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Re- Low Wines, ceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of Ja± nuary 1753, of pie additional Dirfifes on Low'Wines, and Spirituous Liquors:. And also,_

An Accoun^of the Monies that remained in the Receipt 2-7thsExcise. of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 17$^'on th,e |ths Excise Arid also.

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Re* Lottery ceipt; of his Majesty’s Exchequer,'on the 5th Day of Ja- funds* nuary 1753, of thfe Surplus of the Funds for Lottery Anno 1714.

And ’then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were re&d.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce into the Exchequer, of the Duties on Salt, for Seven Years, ended the 10th of OHober 1752, distinguiQiingeach Year; viz.

One Year, ended at Michaelmas

D° - -

D° - - - r -

D°....

D°....

D° - -

D° ended the 10th 0Holer

1746

*747 1748

*749

1750

1751

175a

193. °9°

186,612

201,891

103,960 11 202,275 17

i98,857 7 191,77.0 o

s.

o

l5

2

d.

4x

8

0

31 Si 4 i

1

Exchequer, the 6th Day of February 1753.

Robert Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the principal Sum remaining undischarged, of the Sum of One Million, lent upon Credit of the Duties upon Salt, for the Service of the Year 1745; viz.

Lent upon Credit of the said Duties Paid off -

Remaining unsatisfied -Exchequer, the 6 th Day of February 1753.

Robert Jennings.

£. s. J. 1,000,000 o o

301.000 o o

699.000 o o

To

t6 Geo. IL

6° Februari

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

As ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1753, of the additional Duties on Low Wines, and Spirituou, Liquors, granted by several Acts of Parliament of the i6eh and 24th Years of his Majesty’s Reign, after satistying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon; the Sum of Fifty-four thousand Five hundred and Eighty Pounds Nine Shillings; viz.

To Cash remaining in the Exchequer, the jth January 1753; viz.

On the additional Duty on British Spirits, since Lady-day 1743 -

additional Duty on Low Wines, since D° -

additional Duty on British Spirits, since ill July 1751

additional Duty on Low Wines, since D° ——

£ s. d.

27.5 H I *1»

17,051 2 0

51,087 O 8

21,440 ‘4 4-f

Charge at the 5th January 1733; viz.

s.

To the East India Company, for One Quarter of a Year, due at D* - 7,500 o o

To Six Months Annuiry and Management on 131,327/. 13J. 1 d. of Annuities AInto 1743, unsubscribed, pursuanc to the Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign ----- - 2,006 17 o

For the like on 124,216/. 6s. 11 d. of the Annuity Anno 1744, unfub-

feribed, pursuant to the said Act - - - - 1,898 3 7$

To so much transferred to the Sinking Fund, for the like, on such of the said Annuities as were subscribed into the Joint Stock of Bank Annuities 51,107 9 4$

117,092 19 o

62,512 10 o

I11 Cash the 5th January 1753 -Exchequer, the 6th Day of February 1753.

- £. 54,580 9 o

Robert Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the Day of January

1753, Gn fhs Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Mai cities King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon; the Sum of One hundred thousand Fdur hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny; vitz.

To Cash remaining in the Exchequer the 5th January 1753

Charge at D°; viz.

To satisfy Annuities for One Quarter, due at D® -To the Officers of the Exchequer, on their Salaries, due at D° To the Uflicr of the Exchequer, for Necessaries -

In Cash the 5th January 1753 -

Exchequer, the 6th Day of February 1753.

£ * 104,884 12

C s. d.

4,294 6 9*

37 10 o 70 1 6'

-----4,401 1$ 4I

100,482 14’ 3»

Robert 'Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, im Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5 th Day of

17 5 of the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery Anno 1714, after satisfying-all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon; the Sum of Seventy-nine thousand Eight hundred and Twelve Pounds Sixteen Shillings , viz.

; d-

To Cash remaining in the Exchequer, the 5th January 1753 - - - - 90,750 6 0

’ 1

Charge at D°; viz. ' -

To finisfy the Annuity due to the Bank of England, at 3 L 10 s. per Cent, pvr Ann. on the

principal Sum of 1,250,000l. for One Quarter, due the 5th January 1733 - - - 10,937 16 6

In Cash the 5th January 1753 ----- ,£.79,822 16 o

Exchequer, the 6th Day of February M53.

Robert Jennings.

Vol. 26,

7 B

Ordered,

5 54 6° Februarii. A. 1753.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

White Sheet A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons,

Hill, &c. Jiving in, near, and usually travelling the Road leading 03 ‘ from the Top of a Hill called White Sheet Hill, in the great Western Post Road, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shajton, otherwise Shaftesbury, Milbome Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, and from thence to a House called or known by the Name of The Half-way House, situate in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road aforesaid is become very ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are so bad, that Carriages cannot pass without Danger: And therefore, in regard the said Roads cannot, by* the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be effectually amended, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

And It Is referred to Lord Digby, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

' West, Sir Richard Wrotteftey, Mr Which cote, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Medlycott, Mi. Gray, Sir Charles Kefnys Tynte, Mr. Nor they, Mrr Kynaston, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bold, Mr. Gore, Lord Strange, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Harrijcn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Cayley, Lord Bateman, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir John Rufljout, Mr. Pytts, Sir hichard Lloyd Mr. Tracy, Sir Nicholas Bayley, Mr. Bond, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lambe, Mr Fel ewes, Mr. heale, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Charles Town-Jhend Mr. Taylor, iVir. Townsend, Mr. Compton, Lord Gicrge La..endish, Mr. Shelley, Lord George Bentinck, U r. hr ft owe, Mr. Poore, Mr. Locke, Mr. Ajjleck, Mr. Pelham; and all the Members wta> serve for the Counties of Dorset Wilts, Some Jet. and Devon: And r hey are to meet this Afternoon at Five or the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend fur Persons, Papers, and Records.

African The House being informed, That Mr. Hcl'ier, from

Company. the ^omrnittee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Biredtions of an Act of Parliament, Account of the Money received and expended by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, Anno 1751; distinguishing each Particular.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laidAcrount is prefer vedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bridlington Ordered, That Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Neale, Mr.

Pier*. Oswald, Mr. Owen, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Dalftone, Sir Thomas Clave ing, Mr. Taylor, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Owners of Ships, Freeholders, and others, inhabiting in and near the Town of Bridlington, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Com A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn,

Bounty. whose Hands arc thereunto subscribed, reading in that Part of the Sea Coast, in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough oi King's Lynn and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Provisions made by several A£U of Parliament relating to the Bounty payable-on the

Exportation of Malt and Corn; and alleging, That the Petitioners have bought, and exported, from several Ports in the County of Norfolk, great Quantities of Wheat,

Rye, Barley, and Malt; and that the Petitioners, in flapping and exporting the fame, have strictly observed die Directions and Intentions of the said Acts; but that the Petitioners have not been able to obtain Payment of the Bounty due to them for the said Corn; and representing to the House, That the Exporters of Corn from the City of London have at all times, and do now enjoy the full Benefit of the Bounty, being paid the same in Three or Four Weeks after shipped: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and make such Provision for the Payment of such Bounty as is now due to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem just.

A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from Com the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose 6oufltX-Names are subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as are mentioned in the preceding Petition; and praying, Thn the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and make such Provision for the Payment of such Bounty as is now due to the Petitioners, as to the House shall leem just; and also for the better and more eflfedlu.il Payment of such Bounty-money as shall hereafter become due by virtue of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Commirtee: And that rhev do examine, and (late to the House, the Matters of Fadl contained in the said Petitions:

And they are referred to Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wigley,

Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Grenvile, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Southwell, Sir George Lyttelton,

Mr. OJwald\ Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gajhry, Mr Campbell, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Ls.gge, Sir Francis Pooley Mr. Gore, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Strange, Lord Downe,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hardmge, Mr. Fane. Colonel Bojca-wen, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Cooks, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Turner,

Lord Verney, Sir Edward Drring, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Alderman Ba^er, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Felowes, Lord DuppUn, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Le-vejon Gower, Mr. Pytts, Sir Wm Beau A mp Prottor,

Mr. Nor they, Mr. Powney, Mr Bowes, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Hobart, Mr Bacon, Mr. Walpole ftnior, Mr. Walpole junior, Lord George Cavendish,

Sir Robert Bur dr t. Sir Waller Bagot, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Alderman Bethell, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr. Hay, tMr. Gray, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir George Oxenden, Mr, Chived, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Neale, Mr. Thift 'ethwayle, General Ou-flow: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Salford, &c. whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Road-Freeholders, and other Persons, Inhabitants of the County of Lancaster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard Valentine said, That he knows the several Roads mentioned in the Petition: That they are very bad, and in many Places extremely narrow and incommodious for Travellers; and that, although the Persons living near the said Roads have performed their Statute-work thereon, and have paid a Race of Six Pence, and sometimes Ten Pence, in the Pound, for the Repair thereof, the same has been found insufficient for that Purpose.

Mr. James Kersley said, That, if the said Roads were in

good

26 Geo. II. 6’ — y° Februarii.

555

good Repair, several Coal Carts would pass thereon; but at present they are almost impassable: That several Parishes are now under Fines upon that account, notwithstanding the y have paid \od. in the Pound towards the Repair thereof:

’That he had measured the said Roads, and took a Survey of the same; and that, if the present Bridle Way leading from The Bull in Swinton, through Wardley Lane, to Linijhaw Moor, in JVorjley, was made a publick High Road for Carriages, a much nearer Communication would be thereby opened between the Town of Manchester and several other Towns; which would not only be of great Advantage to those Towns, but also to the Owner of the said Bridle Way.

Then Mr. Egerton informed your Committee, That his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater is Owner of the said Bridle Way, and is at present a Minor, to whom the Witness is Guardian; and that, as the making such Bridle Way a publick High Road will be very much for the Advantage of his Grace, he is willing and desirous it should be done*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Chapel in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and, through ft ardley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Wo.fiey, in the County Palatine o*i Lancaster: And that the Lord Strange, and Mr. Shuttleworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Army, A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the Mutiny and better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read

Desertion. a Seconc| tin'll:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whoie House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Boilon, Sec. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Small Debts, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Boston, the Di-ftritt called Ski. beck Quarter, and other Suburbs adjoining to the said Borough, lying within the several Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln, whose Karnes are thereunto set, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Proceedings of the Court of Record, held in the said Borough for the Trial of Civil Actions, being liable to be made dilatory and expensive, the said Court is found to be very insufficient and ineffectual for the Recovery of small Debts; and that several Persons, taking Advantage of the Difficulties which Creditors are thereby laid under, do contract divers small Debts, and afterwards, though very able/refuie to pay the fame, and set their Creditors at Defiance; and.chat the erecting a Court for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Borough, District, and Parishes, would greatly conduce to the Furtherance of Justice, the Encouragement of Trade, and the Good of the Publick: And therefore praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Boston, and Skirbeck Quarter, and Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough

of Bojlcn, in the County of Lincoln, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Proceedings of the Court of Record, held in the said Borough for the Trial of Civil Adiions, being according to the Forms of the Common Law, and thereby liable to be made dilatory and expensive, the said Court is found to be very infus-ficient and ineffectual for the Recovery of small Debts: And therefore praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for establishinga Court within the said Borough, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Mercuriiy j° die Februarii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

QRDER. E D, That Mr. Page be added to the Com- Corn mitcee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Boiint3ri Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, residing in that Part of the Sea Coast, in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough of King's Lynn and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Com from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed; are referred.

A Petition of the Curate, Churchwardens, and Inhabi* Paddington tants, of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middle- Church-yard; Jex, in Vestry assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Church-yard or Cemetery of the said Parish is too small for the Burial of their Dead; and that the Bishop of London, in right of his See, is seised to him and his Successo/s of a Piece or Parcel of Ground adjoining East and South to the said Churchyard, and lying very convenient to be taken into the fame, subject to a Lease made thereof by the late Bishop of London, during the Lives of Three Persons therein named, which is now veiled in Sir John Frederick Baronet; and that the Petitioners have agreed to enlarge the said Coeme-tery or Church-yard, by annexing the said Piece of Ground thereto, and to pay to the present Bishop of London, and his Successors, the yearly Sum of Two Pounds, and to the said Sir John Frederick, and his Heirs, the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds, during the Continuance of the said Lease 1 and, after the Expiration thereof, to the find Bishop of London, and his Successors for ever, the yearly Sum of T welve Pounds, as a Satisfaction for the fame; to be secured in such manner as the House shall think fit; and have procured the Cunfent of the said Bishop, and Sir John Frederick, thereto: But, as the said Agreement cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the said Cemetery or Church-yard, by annexing the said Piece of Ground therero; and that the said yearly Sums of Two Pounds, Ten Pounds, and Twelve Pounds, may be secured to be paid by the said Parish of Paddington to the said Bishop of London, and his Successors, and the said Sir John Frederick, his Heirs and Assigns, in Manner aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Edward Bering,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Cust, Mr. hill, Mr. Townshend Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Wa, burton,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Wilkinson, Colonel Bofcawen, Sir Edmund lfham, Mr.

Bunard, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

Hay, Mr* Hume, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Bowne, Mr. Pow-ney, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Williams, Mr. Pop-ham, Sir Francis Brake, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Vane, Lord Bupplin, Mr. Cortiewall, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Pytts, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Pal/tone, Mr.

Belchier, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sergijon, Mr. John Ycrke,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Frankland, bir John Rufhout, Mr.

Williams, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Bold, Mr. Sandys,

Sir Peter Thompson, Sir Henry Marshall, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bowdefwell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Jjfteck; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are ro meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 26,

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Constables Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, in- Chari^5*

tituled.


55

7° Febfttani. A. 1-755.

tituled, An Act for the Rating and Levying of the Charges Parsonage into the fame, upon certain annual Rents pay-for conveying Malefactors and Offenders to the Gaol, able to the College Estate; anti to have such ocher Relief might be read. as to the House shall seem meet.

And the same being read accordingly 5 A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Manchefl#

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the and other Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the Cnurw-u, better securing to Constables, and others, the Charges of County Palatine of Lancaster, was also- presented to the conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the House, and read; complaining of the great Inconvenience Charges of Persons who are to give Evidence against which the Inhabitants of the said Town have, for many Felons: And chat Mr. Huy, and Mr. Powney, do prepare. Years past, laboured under from the w ant of One or more and bring in, the fame. new Churches; and alleging, that the Close in Manchester,

called The Parjoncge, is a very convenient Place to erect Manchester A Petition of the Warden and Fellows of the College a Church upon; and that a Church there erected would Church. of Christ, in Manchester, and County of Lancaster> founded be of great Benefit to the said Town: And therefore by King Charles, being offered to be prefenced to the praying, That the said Warden and Fellows may have House; Leave to bring in a Bill according to their Petition; and

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s that such Bill may pass into a Law.

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is con- the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall cerned, that the House may do therein as they shall appear to them, to the House:

think fit. And they are referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Berkeley,

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Mr. Shuttles or th, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. setting forth, Thar, in the said Town of Manchester, there . Lyster, Lord Hailey, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bold, Mr. are only Two Churches, the one Collegiate or Parish Popham, Mr. War burton, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Fellow cs.

Church, the other called St. Ann's, or The New Church; Sir John Cust, Mr. Merten, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir which cannot, with any Convenience, contain One-fourth Edmund Thomas, Mr. WilkinJon, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Sandys,

Part of the Inhabitants of the said Town, much less the Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ridley, Sir George Parishioners, who very frequently resort thither from the Oxenden, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cooke,

Country and Villages adjacent; and thac, for want of a Lord Barrington, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. sufficient Number of Churches, many of the Inhabitants Burrell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. West, Mr. Tracy, Mr. of the said Town and Parish are prevented from attending Thorntcni Mr. Powney, Mr. Bunkes, Sir Richard War-the publick Worship of God, and the Lord’s Day is wick Bampfylde, Mr. Lane, Mr. Hill, Mr. Saluftury, thereby, or under Pretence thereof, very much prophaned, Mr. Bertie, Sir Henry Frjkine, Mr. Page, Mr. Neale, to the great Scandal of Religion, and Corruption of Man- Mr. Colleton, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Covolly, Mr. Bowes, Mr. ners in the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish; and Frankland, Lord Verney, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. liar dirge, that the Petitioners are Rectors of the said Parish of Mr. Vaughan; and alb the Members who serve for the Manchester, and by virtue of their College Charter, seised Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and York: And they are of a certain Close or Parcel of Land in Manchester, called to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the The Par/onage; which said Close lies contiguous to the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, most populous and frequented Part of the said Town; Papers, and Records, and being desirous, as Tar as in them lies, to remedy lo

growing a Mischief, are willing to give up and allot a The House being informed, That Mr. Bigge, from the Carlisle Part of the said Close fora Church or Chapel, and Church Commissioners and Trustees appointed for putting in Koad. or Chapel Yard; and, by the Ways and Means men- Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present tioned in the Petition, to raise a sufficient Sum of Majesty’s Reign, for making, and keeping in Repair, a Money for building a convenient Church or Chapel, Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle and defraying other necessary incident Charges, and upon Tyne, attended at the Door; to provide a competent Stipend for the officiating He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Minister: And therefore praying, That Leave may House, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act,

be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners A Book, intituled, 1753 — Copy of the frveral Acts

to allot Part of the said Close for erecting and letting and Proceedings of the Commissioners and Trustees; out a convenient Church or Chapel, and Church or and also the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements Chapel Yard; and, in order to open a more commo- of George Pattifon Gentleman, Treasurer to and for the dious Road to the said intended Church or Chapel, from said Commissioners and Trustees, nominated and ap-an adjacent Street called The Deans Gate, in Manchester, pointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the to pull down One House, with its Appurtenances, Parc Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of the said College Estate, and to borrow any Sum of intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Money, not exceeding 2,500 Pounds, in their Cor- Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and porate Capacity, and to charge their College Lands Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of New-therewith, for defraying the Expence of building the castle upon Tyne, so far as the same relates to or concerns said intended Church or Chapel, and other Charges that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of incident thereto 5 and, in order to repay the said Sum Cumberland: And also,

of Money so borrowed, to enable the Warden and A Book, intituled, Copy of the Second Account of the

Fellows to fell the Seats in the said new-erected Church; Receipts and Disbursements of John Tweddell Gentleman, reserving out of every such Seat, so fold, a certain Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and yearly Sum or Rent, sufficient to secure a competent Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execu- Maintenance for the officiating Minister, and to provide tion an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the other Necessaries; and in order to indemnify the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying Estate of the said College for so much Land as shall out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for be appropriated out of the said Close for erecting and the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of setting out a Church or Chapel, and Church or Chapel Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle ttpen Tyne, so far as the Yard; as also for One House intended to be pulled same relates to or concerns that Part of the said Road down for the greater Convenience of a Road, to make which lies in the County of Northumberland. building Leases for Forty Years of the remaining Part And then he withdrew, of the said Parsonage Close, subject: to the Limita- And the Titles of the said Books were read,

tions in the said Act to be expressed, and to open Ordered, That the said Books do Jie upon the Table,

and grant Roads, in Fee, from Lands adjoining to the to be perused by the Members of the House.

10 The

‘JL

i6 G£o. II*

8° Februarii:

557

The said Books are preferred amongst the other* Papers of this Session«

Supply; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ro consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next* resolve itself into the said Committee*

Ways and The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

Means* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-<ply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the net Produce into the Exchequer of the Duties on Salt, for Seven Years, ended the 10th of October 1752; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the principal Sums retraining undischarged of the Sum of One Million, lent Upon Credit of the Duties upon S ilt, for the Service of the Year 1745» be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of Jah#dry 1753, of the additional Duties on Low Wines fend Spirituous Liquors, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on che 5th Day of January 1753, on the -fths Excise, «bc referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained In the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 175&of the surplus of the Funds for Lottery Anno 1714* be referred to the said Committee

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker ieft the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Char lion reported from the Committee, That they had crime to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was jdirefted by the Committee to move, That they may have ’ Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houie, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Schoen’s.&c* Mr. fpllles reported from the Committee, to whom the Nat* Bill ro naturalize John Henry Schoen, Peter Redolph, George Alexander Patio, and William Du Bois, was com mined, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr Willes have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Valk’sNit. Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whrim the Bill for naturalising Jacob Valk was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trues 2nd that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without ahy Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

OrderedThat Mr. Lyster have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That che said. Bill be ingrossed.

Vol. 26.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 8° ale Februarii;

Anno 26° Georgii lldi Regis, 1753.

Prt AYERS.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Wapk'itA Mr* fhlford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties cm for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties Malt* fee* upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1753 i and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for subscribing Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum* into the Joint Stock of Annuities therein mentioned, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords *havt* agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hoffgaard, without any Amend- all ment: And also,

The Lords haye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act# for natural iz«ng Daniel Boumeefter and James Riliiet, * with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of rhis House.

And then the Messengers -withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideradon the Dittos Amendments made By the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boumeefter imd Jhmes Riiliet.

.vnd the said Amendments were read*, and are as followeth j viz

Pr. 1, L. 7 After Acts,'’.leave out cc and.’*

L. 8, 9. After " Geneva," insert c‘ Anthohy Ber-cc Irani, Son of Anthony Bertrand, by Magdcleua his

c< Wife, born at Geneva-, Frederick Teife, Son of John

<c Jacob Teife, by Johanna his Wife, born at Fleiskhtcb,

" in the Principality of Nassau Diiknburg; Francis

cc Brouzet, Son of Francis Brouzet, by Mary his Wife, born at Valleraugue, in the Province of Languedoc, m France; and George Grand, Son: of John Francis Grand, by Margaret his Wife, born at Lattfawte, in the Canton of hern, in Switzerland L. 22. Leave out " and."

L. 23. 'Alter <c Ril/iet," insert €t Anthony Ber-

trand, Frederick Grand'

:ieife, Francis Brouzet, and George

George

L. 38. Leave out u and, " and, after " Riliiet, insert " Anthony Bertrand, Frederick Leife, Francis Btou-11 zel, and George Grand."

Pr. 2. L. 29. Leave out "and."

L. 30. After " Riliiet," insert " Anthony Ber-u tray.d, Frederick Teife, Francis Brouzet, arid George " Grand"

L. 39. Leave out tC and."

L. 40. Alter " Riliiet," insert tc Anthony Ber-tX Irani, Frederick Teife, Francis Brouzet, and " Grand."

In the Title, L. 2. Leave out "and," and, at the End of the Title, add u /bithony Bertrand, Frederick Teife* " Francis Brouzet, and George Grand,"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the Hotife.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill tb thfe Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Bold be added to the GentlerUCri who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Chapel in the Town of Salford. to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and, through IVaidky Lane, to the Town of Wigan,

7 C and

Salford* tec. Road.

558 8° Februarii. 1753.

Royal Assent to Bill*.

Dover to Bar* ham Down Road.

and to the Stocks in the Town of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker*

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majestyittimediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the royal Afient to One Publick and One Private Bill; as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malr, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1753; and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for subscribing Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, into the Joint Stock of Annuities therein mentioned.

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hoffgaard.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of the Towrt and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Kent, residing near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from Dever to Bitrbam Down, in the said County of Kent:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally setting forth, That the Road leading from Barham Down to Dover is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord George Sackville, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Sa-lusbury, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gwytm, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Bankes, Colonel Stauwix, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gray, Sir John Cust, Mr. Torke, Mr. West, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cocks, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Pytts, Captain Saunders, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Knight ley,' Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Morton, Mr. Walpole, Lord Hillsborough, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Barry, Mr. Page, Captain Frankland\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent. Sumy, and Sussex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

paired, it would be of great Utility and Safety to PafTen-gers, and of Advantage to the adjacent Country: And reciting Part of an Act, made in the iath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Highway between Liverpoole and Prescot aforesaid, and other Roads therein mentioned; and also Part of another Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending the Road leading from Prescot to the Chapel of Saint Helen, in the said Cdunty $ and further setting forth, That the Commissioners appointed iri and by the said Acts have greatly amended and improved the said Road between Liverpoole and Prescot, and Prescot and St. Helen, and intend to complete the said Amendments as soon as may be; and further setting forth, That if the Road leading from the said Chapel at St. Helen, through the Townships of Parr'and Haddock, into tht said Township of Ashton, and to the Towns of Bolton and Rotcbdalc, in the County of Lancafteri and also into the County of York, was enlarged and amended, it would join up to the Turnpike Road made between Wigan and Warrington, and thereby open a Way to several Ranks of Cannel Pits, from which the Inhabitants of ,the adjacent Country and Towns, and the Shipping of the Port of Liverpoole, might be certainly and regularly supplied with that Fuel, which is greatly wanted by them, and would also be a Means of opening a Communication with the trading Parts of Yorkshire; and that the said Road from St. Helen to Ashton aforesaid is, in many Places, id Winter and wet.Seasons, very ruinous, and cannot be amended by the present Method prescribed by Law i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road leading from PreJcot% through Whifton, Ramhill, Bold, and San key, to War- rington aforesaid; and al^p the said Road leading from. St. Helen to Ashton aforesaid $ and for enlarging the Term, Tolls, and Powers, granted in and by the said recited Acts, of the 12th of George the First and 19th of George the Second, or either of them, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori* sideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Cayley, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Chet-zvynd, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Williams, Mr. Walpole, Captain Saunders, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Warburton, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Neale, Mr. Nor they. Mr. Barry, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hardinge, Captain Frankland, Mr. Prowje, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Wilkinjon, Lord Carysjort, Mr. Gray, Mr. West, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Pop-bam, Mr. Willy, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Poore, Sir John Rush-out. Lord Egmont, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Webfter\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Durham, West mor land, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Liverpoole, A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Merchants, &c. Roads. Traders. Land-owners, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns and Port of Liverpoole, Wigan, Prescot, Whifton, Ramhill, Bold, Sankey, Warrington, Parr, and Ashton within Mackerfield, in the County of Lancaster, and of several of the Commissioners named and appointed in pursuance of the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Prescot, through the Townships of Whifton, Ramhill, Bold, and Sankey, into the Township of Warrington, is become very ruinous in the Winter Season, and cannot, by the ordinary Method provided by Law, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair; and alleging, That if the said Road was re-

Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee, to Ppnr?th whom the Bill for repairing the Koad leading from the Roads. Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlejowerby Pastures, and Se-braham Bridge, to Chalkbeck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and leparates from the same Road upon Castlejowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence, through Iiejket, ot.ierwife Hefhet Newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards


bridlingtOQ

Tiers*




i6 Geo. IL 8° Februarii. 559

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Owners of Ships, Freeholders, and others, inhabiting in, and near the Town of Bridlington, in the County Qf York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the iaid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Bur-lingtohy in the East Riding of the County of York; and all'o,

An Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to revive and continue an Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for hepair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York; and also.

An Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by Two Acts of Parliament for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, and for making the said Act more effectual; were read: Whereby it appears. That certain Duties are granted for repairing the Piers and Harbour there; and that the same will expire in the Year 1755.

And Mr. John Taylor produced an Account; whereby k appeared, That upwards of 900l. is owing upon Credit of the said Acts; and said, That about Seven Years ago the Pier was so much damaged by a violent Storm, that it toft 700l. to repair the fame: That unitfs 'he Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, the Money owing cannot be paid, and the Pier must be absolutely loft.

Mr. 1/aac Stepbenfons a Ship Matter, said. He remembered the building of the Pier, and has seen it almost daily since; and that the same is at present in a ruinous Condition, and in Danger of being broke down, unless timely repaired*. That the necessary Reparations will, he thinks, amount to upwards of 4,000l. and that the said Harbour has been found very useful, as Ships frequently put in there for Safety.

Mr. Christopher Buckle Carpenter, said. He has fecn the Pier within a Year and Half; and that the fame, or great Part of it, will, if not timely repaired, be loft: That he knows of no better Method to repair the fame, than the present, as Stones cannot be got; and that he thinks the Building and Reparations of the said Pier have been carried on with great Prudence and Oeconomy.

Mr. William Watson Ship Master, said, That he is an Inhabitant of Bridlington, and has known this and the former Pier Forty Years: That it is of great Use for the Preservation of Shipping, being, in general, the belt Harbour on their Coast, except Tynmouth and Blyth:

That he remembers the Breach which happened Seven or Eight Years ago, the Repairs of which came to 700l. and feid, That the Pier is at present in so bad a Condition, that he believes, and has heard the late Pier Master, who Was ah experienced Workman, say, it will cost Four or Five thousand Pounds to repair the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time; and continuing the Duties, granted by several Acts of Parliament for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York; and for making the said Acts more eficftual: And that

Vol. 2 6.

the Lord Dovtme, Mr. Chmptroller, Mr. tVilkinfon, Sir Walter Blacket, and Mr. Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gen- Shepton tlemen, and Freeholders, living in and near the Towns Malet, &c. of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, whose Names arc, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Town of Shepton Malet to the Top of Rush Hill, in the Parish of Stone Eafion, in the County of Somerset, and from Shepton Malet aforesaid to the Direction Poll and Elm Tree, at the Cross Ways at a Place called Buttwett, in the Parish of Almsford; and also from Shepton Malet to and through Ivelchester to South Petherton Bridge, in the Parish of South Petherton', and also from Ivelchester aforesaid to the Cross Poll at Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovill; and also from Shepton Malet aforesaid to and through Pilton. towards the Town of Glastonbury, and likewise from Prtfleigh, in Cajlli Cary Road, to Mat on BridgeI leading to Brewtcn; all in the said County of Somerjtt; are become very ruinous in many Parrs thereof, and in many Places very narrow $ and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws, be effectually amended, widened; and kept in Repair; and thatlome Part of the said Road, in the Parish of Stone Eastcn, from Rush Hill aforesaid to a Puole in the said Parish, called The Great Pbole, is narrow, and bounded by Houses, Gardens, Orchards, and Plantations, of John Hippejly Coxe ELjuire; in which Space there are Two Hills, very ruinous, and bounded, as aforesaid, with House*, Gardens, and Plantations, and cannot be repaired but at a great Expence, and by erecting a Bridge between the said Hills; and that the said Road may be exchanged, and turned, by the Consent of the said John Hippejly Coxe, from Rush Hill aforesaid to and through certain Grounds of the said John Hippejly Coxe, and by other Roads in the said Parish, to the said Poole; cailed ‘I he Great Poole; in which same the said Hills may be avoided, and a Bridge not wanted, whereby the Petitioners conceive the said head will be greatly improved, and the Puulick receive an Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads from the Town of Shepton Malet to Rush Hill\ where the Bristol Turnpike ends, and from Shepton Malet to the Direction Post and Elm Tree at the Cross Ways at Buttwell, in the Parish of Almsford; and also from Shepton Malet, to and through Ivelchester, to South Petherton Bridge, in the Parish of South Petherton; and also from Ive'chester to the Cross Post at Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovill; and also from Shepton Malet, to and through Pilton, towards the Town of Glastonbury, and likewise from Prefieigh to Mitton Bridge, leading to Bruton aforesaid; and to exchange and turn the Koad from Rush Hilly in the Parish of Stone Eastcn aforesaid. to and through the Grounds of the said John Hippejly Coxey and to the said Poole, called The Great Poole; by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir.Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Chari-tony Mr. No; they, Lord Downe, Sir Roger New digate y Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Uardinge, Mr.

Lyjlery Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Edwin, Lord Hatley, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Walter Blackety Mr. Thornton, Mr. tilts, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Smithy Mr. Henley, Colonel Stanwix%

Mr. Bold, Mr Cholmondeley, Mr. John Yorke, Mr.. Shelley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr. Potter, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Sandys, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Clayton, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Dup-piitiy Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dowdeswelly Mr. Poorer and ail

> by

8° fiebruarii.

A. 1753

the Members who serve Tor the Counties of Sdmerftt, Dor-Je/y and Wilts And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hackney Mr. BYboifbank reported from the Committee, to^horti

Road. the Perition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto liibfcrlbed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hilly and cross Cambridge Heathy over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

: To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

« Mr. Richard Dam, Clerk to the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, said. That the Roads thereby directed to be repaired were, at the Commencement of the said Act, in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Trustees, in order effectually to repair the fame, borrowed the Sum of a,200l. upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act; of which Sum 700l. now remains due; and that several Bills for Materials and Labour are likewise unpaid, the Accounts not being yet made up.

Mr. William Hazard Surveyor, said. That, soon after the making of the said Act,* the said Roads were thoroughly Amended, and have been ever since kept in very good Repair; but that the Revenue arising by the Tolls will hot be sufficient, during the subsisting Term, to keep the Roads in such Repair, and discharge the Sum remaining due.

And it appeared, by Two Accounts produced to the Committee, That the Money borrowed, together with so much of the Income of the Tolls as remained after Payment of I nterest, and of Part of the principal Sum borrowed, had been duly applied in amending the said Road, and in discharging the other necessary Expences attending the Execution of the said Act.

And both the Witnesses further said. That unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be continued, the Roads will soon be again in a ruinous Condition, it being irmofiible to keep the same amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

‘Ordered) That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the l tth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Brooksbanky Mr. Ellisy and Mr. Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dunchurch A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto

Road. subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed

in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the same County, and for making the same more effectual, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act of the icth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, several Tolls were granted for repairing the said Road; on the Credit whereof the Petitioners borrowed a considerable Sum, which was applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that^ the yearly Income of the said Tolls having been found insufficient to repair the said Roads, and to pay the

taterest of the said' SuinTo borrowed, the Tolls were enlarged by the said Act of the 13 th of his present Majesty, and the Act continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the Ehd of the then next Session of Parliament; and, that notwithstanding the Increase of the said Tolls, the Trustees h&ve'not, nor can they, during the subsisting Term, be able to repay the Money so borrowed, and to put the said Road into suffi-dent'Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in* a Bill for enlarging the Term aria Powers granted by the said Act of the ijth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^ in such Manner as to the House shall stem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petiribri be referred to the ConsideracibnjoFaC6mmittee: 'And that they do examiriethe Matter thereof; arid report the lame, as it shall appear to thfcm, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Motdaunt, Mr. Salus-bury, Mr. Prowfey Sir Reger Newdigate, Mr. Kynaftoti,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. LyJleVy Mr. Cooke, Mr. Southwell,

Sir John Cujl, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Dupplin, Mr. 'Gray,

Mr. Wtlfon, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Daljlcne^ Sir Walter Blackety Mr. Morton, Mr. Tracy, Lord Strange, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr* Hay, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Thornhagby Mr. Charlton, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Per non.

Lord Hobart, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Bold, Mr. Barry, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Satidyh Mr. Page, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Pelham, Sir Lionel PilkingtoH, Mr. Ofwaid.

Lord Femey. Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Torke, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Henshall's holders, and other Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of SmirhyRoai Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from HenJhcWs Smithy upon Cranage Green, in the said County of Chester, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham in the said County; and also the Road from the said Guide Post in Mere, to Warrington, in the County of Lan^ caster; and also the Road from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester; are, in several Parts, become very ruinous, and in others are very narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore praying*

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it /hail appear to chem, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chohncndeley, Mr. Prowft,

Sir Lynch Cot ten, Mr. Nor they, Mr. War bur ton, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Gwymt, Lord Dupplin, Lord Strange, Mr.

L\fter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Cust, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hay, Lord Harley, Mr. Compton>

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Francis Poole, Mr*

Fellowes, Mr. Kent, Sir Conyers D'A?cy, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Page, Sir Edmund Thomas, Captain* Frankland, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Pelham, Mi*. Shelley, General Oglethorpe,

Mr. Dowdfwell, Captain Saunders, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Barrington, iVI r. Popham; and all che Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lane after, Stafford, Cumberland, and Westmorland, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Per*

Tons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other PersonS, LoiverCo living in, near, and uiuaily travelling, the Great Western ton RoaJ 7 Road,

Geo. II. 8° Februa$6i

Road, from an House called The Half-way House, firuate in the Parish of Lower Ompton, in the County of Dorset, and on the Great Road between the Towns of Sherborne and Yeovil, to the East E nd of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, through the Towns of Yeovil aforesaid, and Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset \ and also from the Town of Yeovil aforesaid to a Place called Mudford Bridge, in the County of Somerset, being the Great Road from Yeovil aforesaid to the City of Bristol, and likewise from the said Town of Yeovil to a Place called Vagg Hollow, in the said County of Somerset, being the Great Road from Yeovil aforesaid to the Town of ll~ chester-, and also from the Town of Yeovil aforesaid to a Place called Odcombe, through Preston, in the said County of Somerset, being the Great Road from Yeovil aforesaid towards Taunton, in the said County of Somerset; and also from the said Town of Yeovil to a Bridge called Whistle Bridge, lying in the Great Road from the ToWn of Yeovil aforesaid to the Town of Dorchester; was pre-lented to the House, and read; fetcing forth. That the Road aforesaid, frgm The Half way House to the East End of Axminster; and also the Road:, aforesaid, from the said Town of Yeovil to Mudford Bridge, Vagg Hollow, Od-combe, and Whistle Bridge, respectively, are very ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Proufe, Mr. Lyfler, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gwyrm, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Strange, Mr. Cocke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay, Mr, Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Colonel Slanwix, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Smith, Mr. Dalftone% Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Salujbu'-y, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Drake, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. South-well, Mr. Campbell, Lord Carysfcrt, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Wilkirfon, Mr. Lascelles, Sir John Cust, Mr. Kent, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Willy, Mr. Lane, Mr. Scot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties bf Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Dyfert, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Harbour of the said Burgh is a very ancient Harbour, conveniently situated, and capable of being made very safe and commodious; but, by reason of the Inability of the said Burgh to maintain the fame, has been for some Years pad, and now is, in a very ruinous Condition; and that the same cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in good Repair, by the whole present Revenues of the said Burgh: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty upon all Beer and Ale which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, or fold, within the said Burgh and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Four hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving, the said Harbour, during such Term of Years, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee t And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. JMackie, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fletcher, Mr Sydenham, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Will inf on, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Cust, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Vol. 26,

Strange, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr*

Hardinge, Mr. Medlytott, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Hdy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Thornha^h, Admiral Bynge, Lord Dupplin*

Mr. John Ycrk4, Mr. Henry Finch, Lord Barrington, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Choi-mondeley, Mr. Lane, Mr. Lewis, Sir Edmund Thomas; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hay presented tb the House* According to Order, Coniiabldf a Bill for the better securing to Constables, and others* Charges, the Charges of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of Persons who are to give Evidehcb against Felons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- Perfermanc* ing to Order, a Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to per- *>/ Quaran-forrh their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the t^nc-Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Kies of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Ac-> Navy Debt* count, shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy from 3*ft December 1751^0 the 31st December 1752, has arisen; distinguishing the same under the several Heads of Expence*

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from th6 w*ys and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Mcann to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had, upon Monday HR, directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majestyi the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and r.o more* be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1753, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices* and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought ill, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sollicitor General* and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton also, according to Order, repotted from Ditto* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refoludons which the Committee, had Yesterday, directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cdmmittee,

That the several Duties on Salt, and also on red and white Herrings delivered out for Home-consumption, which, by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were continued and granted to his Majesty, his 7 D Heirs,

5<*2

Heirs, and Su^cessors,from the 24th Day of March 1753, to the ajth Day of March 17 59, be from thence continued and made perpetual, subject to be redeemed by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That after the Principal and Interest, due to the Proprietors of Orders made forth in pursuance of the said Act, and charged on the said several Duties, shall be satisfied and discharged, all the Monies arising into the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Duties, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Sum of One hundred thousand Four hundred Eighty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the fths Excise, granted by an Act of the 5 th and 6th Years of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary> be ifllied and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty, in this Sefuon of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seventy-nine thousand Eight hundred Twelve Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery Anno 17x4, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Fifty-four thousand Five hundred Eighty Pounds and Nine Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the additional Duties on Low Wines, and Spirituous Liquors, granted by several Acts of the 16th and 24th Years of his Majesty's Reign, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That £ Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Two first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Chancellor of 'the Exchequer, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sollicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Watlafs In-, A Petition of the Right Honourable Brownlowe Earl cloture. of Exeter, Lord of the Manors of Snape and Well, in the County of York, and also of John Milbank of Thorpe Per-row, in the said County of York, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Watlafs, in the said County, and of other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, orinterested in, a large open Common Field, or Moor, called or known by the Name of Watlafs, alias Canswick Moor, in the said County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by Articles of Agreement, entered into by the Petitioners, it is agreed, that the said open or common Field or Moor, and Premises aforesaid, shall be divided and inclosed; but that the said Articles cannot be established without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming and establishing the said Articles, and the several Allotments and Divisions to be made for the Use of the respective Parties concerned in the said Premises, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barbor, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Thornton, and Mr. Comptroller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A. 1753.

Ventris, 90 die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Pit AY IRS.

MR. William Leveson Gower presented to the House, Stone according to Order, a Bill to enable the Parishioners Church, of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are Durham thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tine Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers wer£ granted, for repairing the said Highway, which wfcre to have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the First Day of May 1747: but that no Provision is therein made, nor any Toll granted, for any Carriage drawn upon the said Road by Five Horses, or other Beasts of Draught* which is the Numberby whichWaggons have been usuallf drawn since the Commencement of an Act made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign* for the more effectual Preservacion of the Turnpike Roads in that Pai£ of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes therein mentioned and that the Tolls by the said first-mentioned Act made payable for Carriages drawn along thd said Road are but small, and not (as the Petitioners apprehend) equal to the Damage done to the said Road thereby, stor adequate to the other Tolls granted by the said Act; and further setting forth, That at the Time of pafllngthe said Act, the said Highway was in a very ruinous Condition* and, in order to carry on the Repair thereof the Petitioners borrowed the Sum of 5,800l. which is now due; and that the same cannot be repaid, and all Parts of the said Highway be sufficiently amended, and kept in good Repair, for the future, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers by the first-mentioned Act granted, for such Time, and in such Manner* as to chg House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Popham, Lord Strange, Mr* Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Vane, Colonel Eliot, Mr. Watson, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Syden* ham, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Danvers Ofbom, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinson*

Mr. Aldworth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proffer,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hume, Lor,d Dupplin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Talbot, Sir John Cust, Mr. Cayley, Mr.

Earle, Lord Verney, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Gafhry, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Kent, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Conol/y, Mr.

Bathurst, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Tuckfteld, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Cocks; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland\ Cumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Captain Rodney, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Basingflon* Rajhlcigb, Mr. Ker, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Stuart, be added Road-to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton and Surry, is referred.

A Bill

8° — p° Fe.

*1.

i6 Geo. II. of Februar$3

Dun liable A Bill for continuing, and making more eflvctual, Roads. Three Atts of Parliament, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford-, and also for repairing! the Road from the Sign of the White Horse, to the Sign of the Kings Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Danvers Ofbom, Admiral Bynge, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cocke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Powney, Captain Rodney, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Gray, Mr. Potter, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gorey Mr: denham, Sir John Cust, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Yorke, Sir Charles Kent. Tynte, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hale, Lord Dttpplin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sir Beauchamp Prcblor, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Palmer, Mr; Bertie, General Onslow, Mr. H inter, Mr. Alftone, Mr. ft/w, Colonel Grijfin, Mr. Pbiiiipjon, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. -Lewis, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Luc!field, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Aior/, Lord Egmout, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Compton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Comptroller, \ir. £0^, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bulltr, Mr. Augent \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Bucks, and Northampton: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

tovdley, A Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the *c. Roads. Roads leading from the Town of Bewiley, in the Cotinty of Worcester -, (to wit) from the We.tb Gate, in the said Town, to the Dcg-banging Bank, nd from thence, by Cleobury Mortimer, and the JVooFhouse, to the Three-forked Pole, upon the CurbilL in the County of AWap, and from the Dog-hanging i.ank to Newnham Bridge, in the said County of h Greener, and from linker's Gate, in the said Town, by a Farm House in Poiftflion of William Fidkin, to Dnniey, in the said County of Worcester, and from Cog-lane Gate, in the same Town, through the Parish of £/>/*/, to the Village of Prefcot, in the said County of «SW*£>; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wm. Lyt-ielttm\ M. Hay, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. harbor, Colonel Stanwix, Sir Danvers Osborn, Mr. Neale, Lord Strange, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Elis, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Cust, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wiijcn, Mr Talbot, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. West, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hume, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Campbel, Mr. £//<?/, Mr. Grenville, Commodore Mr. Trevanion,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr Potter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Colonel Conway, Mr. Wa-pele, Sir TcAh Ligonier, Mr. Lrgge, Sir #'«/. Ccdringtcn, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Barrington, Lord Dcwne, Mr. Lrdawneyi Mr. Oswald, Mr. Cadogan, m Mr. Nugent, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Popham, Mr. Harbor, Sir John Peachey, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Lord Geo. Bet;!inch. Air Cayley, Mr. Gore, Sir John Ruftcut, Mr. Sleper, Mr. Geo. Gren-vide, Sir LionelPilkington, Mr. Bertie and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester and Salop, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

SftndStreet A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Road. West End of Stend Street, in the County of // tits, to the Horse and Jcckey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pcpham, Mr Prowse, Mr. Gray, Lord Sttange, Mr. It hichcot, Mr. Bold, Mr. Lyfler, Mr Bayntun, Air: Ky raft on, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wills, Mr. Gore, Mr. WiiUnfon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. HaCdinge, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sogtjcn, Mr Smith. Mr. Cooke, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Cust, Lord Barrington, lx>rd Henry Pow tt, Mr. Townfiycnd, Mr. Wihes, Mr. Bo-wes, Mr. Edward Willes, Mr. Comptcn, Sir Char es Mordaunt, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Bond, Mr. Kent, Mr. Tre-lawny, Mr Lyttelton, Colonel Bcfcawen, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Beck ford, Mr. Aldworth, Lord Bateman, Lord Vepiey, VOL. 26.

Mr. Nugent, Sir Henry Erjkihe, Mr. Sdlusbury, Mr. Vynefi Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Henley, Mr. Poore. Mr. Butler, Mr#

Hunter, Mr. John Ybrke, Mr: Garth, Sir Richard Warwick Bantpfylde, Air, Tuckfield, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ord, Mr. Shuitleworth, Sir Thomas Hales, Colonel Eliot', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the'Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Bateman reported from the Committee, to PepWi whom the Bill tx> enable John Pepioe Birch, an Infant, Name* heretofore called John Pepioe, to take and use the Surname of Pepioe Birch only, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Birch Esquire, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be ttue j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be irigrossed.

A Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseefs of the CKriftChttrch Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Christ Church Workhousei Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That the Poor of late Years have greatly increased in the said PariQij and that the Expence of supporting them, by weekly Pensions (as there is no Workhouse for employing the m) is so considerable, that the annual Rates co le&ed for the Poor amount now to some Hundreds of Pounds more than formerly; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, if they had Leave to raise a Sum of Money, to purchase, hire, or errfr, and furnifti, a Workhouse, for employing anu maintaining the Poor, it would not only tend to lower the present Poor’s Rate, but (the Petitioners being so Gcuated* that the Poor would never want Employ, from the Silk and Woollen Manufacturers carried on in the said Parish) it would likewise save the greater Part of such Poor from Ruin, and make them useful to the Pubkck: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiies into their Consideration; and to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for the Purposes aforesaid; or to granc the Petitioners such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wni.

Beauchamp Protter, Mr. Smith, Afr Prowse, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Cor del Firebrace,

Mr. Newnham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Frederick, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Salusbury, Lord Strange, Mr. Hay, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gray, Sir Roger New digate. Sir Robert Biirdet, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Hume, Air. 0, d, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lyfler,

Air. Warburton, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Richard Wrottejley,

Sir Char.es Mor daunt, Mr. Popham, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Potter,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Whichcote,

Mr. Bond, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John R.ujhout, Mr.

Bold, Mr Nugent, Mr. Willes, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Sandy Mr. Rowr.ey, Mr. Northey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. West, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Powney, Mr. Lane, Mr. Locke, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Hob/yn, Mr. Neale, Loid Geo. Ben-tinck. Lord Bigby, Sir Thomas Robirfon, Mr. Abra. Hume%

Mr, kkil\infon, Mr. Morton; and all the A embers who serve for the Counties ol Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power lo fend for Persons* Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there b£ laid before this House, 4n Ac- Navy Debt, count, shewing the Amount of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st o(December 1748, and 3\ft. oi December 17^2; also what Monty hath been received between those Periods, towards discharging the said Debt; togehcr with the Reasons for the incre.de thereof.

7 Or da ed,

tr

90 Februa

A. 1753.

d

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid* and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of November 17 ji, to the 31st of December 1752.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Efti-mate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1753.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the Commencement of this Service in the Year 1749, to Christmas 1752, distinguished under the several Heads thereof.

Exeter A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and

Roads. principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the City of Exeter, in the County of Devon, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Highways thereinafter mentioned (that is to say) from the lower End of Paris Street, in the County of the City of Exeter, to a Place called Siraitway Head, and from the Gallows of the County of Devon, to a Place called Aylef-bear Hill, leading to Newton Poppleford, and from St. Agnes Chapel, in the County of the said City, to Wytbi-bridge, in the Parish of Broadclift, and from the said Chapel to Etberleys Bridge, in Broadclift aforesaid, and also from the said Chapel to the Town of Silverton, and from the Bottom of the Causeway, in the Parish of St. David, in the County of the said City, to the Town of Crediton, and from the Seven Stars in the Parish of St. Thomas the Apostle, to Crockerton Well, and from the Plymouth Inn, in the said Parish of St. Thomas, to Chud-leigh Bridge, and from the said Inn, to the Top of the Hollow-way, beyond Lord Clifford's Park, and from Alp-ington Church, in the said County of Devon, to Crablake, and from the Church of St. Thomas the Apoftie aforesaid, to the Town of Dunsford, and from the Bound Stone of Larkbear, to the Town of Topsham, and from the Foot of Magdalen Hill, in the County of the said City, to Li-verydole, in the said County of Devon, are become so ruinous in the Winter Season, that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be sufficiently repaired i And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in such Bill, for repairing the said Highways, as the House shall think meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the City of Exeter, in the County of Devon, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the preceding Petition being intended to be presented to the House; and alleging* That it is necessary that the Repair of the Road from St. Agnes Chapel, mentioned in the preceding Petition, should be carried On and extended from Ether ley's Bridge, therein

also mentioned, to the Town of Collumpton, in the said County of Devon, being an additional Repair of Four Miles, or thereabouts; and that a Road leading from Pynes Bridge, in the Parish of Upton Pyne, in the County of Devon (in the Road from St. David to Crediton aforesaid) to Pollard Oak, otherwise Starved Oak, should be repaired as far as Pollard Oak, otherwise Starved Oak, in Upton Pyne aforesaid, and also that a Road leading from New Bridge, in the Parish of Newton Saint Gyres (in the Way also from Si. David to Crediton aforesaid) to Raddon CroJ's, in the Pariili of Shoobroke, in the said County, should be repaired and amended home to Raddon Cross aforesaid; and that a Road leading from Little Johns Cross, in the Parish of Alpbington, in the said County (being in the Road from the said Church of St. Thomas the Apqjlle, to the Town of Dunsford) to the Smith's Shop near Hail down-house, in the Parish of Kenn, in the said County of Devon, should be also repaired and amended home to the said Smith's Shop; and that the said Four several Roads are become so ruinous in the Winter Season, that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be sufficiently re*

paired: And therefore praying, That Leave be given, that the said Four several Roads therein contained may be added to the Bill prayed for by the said former Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Coil- federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

And they are referred to Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Palmer,

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Hunter,

Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Prowje, Six Francis Poole, Mr. Powneyi Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. West,

Mr. Frederick, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Neale, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Gore, Mr;

Northey, Mr. Rigby, Lord Dupplin, Lord Strange, Mr.

Bayntun, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sergifon,

Sir Danvers OJbotn, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Potter, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Aldworth, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Budget!j General Onslow, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Garth,

Mr. J. BttUer, Mr. Hume, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Chetwynd

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Newnbam,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Harrijbn, Mr. Ord, Mr. Conyers, MrJ Cadogan, Mr. Rovcney, Lord Egmont', and all the Mem-t bers who serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerjeti and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And ha:ve Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Recdrds.

Mr. Chariton presented to the House, according to Land Tax.’ Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1753; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of thfc whole Army, Ma-House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and De- tiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and fertion* their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next*

Ordered, That ttie Lord Frederick Cavendish have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, Barton upoii and others, residing in and near the Towns of Derby, in Trent Road* the County of Derby, Burton, and Utchfield, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Road, leading from the End of the Town of Burton, next Litchfield, through Burton, to the End of the Town of Derby aforesaid, is become deep and ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, so very bad, chat Carriages cannot pass without great Danger; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws now in being, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tq bring in a Bill, for repairing the said Road in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House*

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ky-

nafton,

Mr

2

Mi

to

Mi

Sir

0

b<

Jif

tli

C

it

1

I I

4

' K/

Hanover

Square

Parish.

26 Gi:o. II. 90 — 12 565

naftcn, Colonel Haldane, Sir John Cufl, Mr Lyfier, Mr. Bund, Mr. Earber, Mr. Torke, Mr. llardinge, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bold\ Mr. Locke, Mr. Potter, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Curse on, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Shuttleiycrth, L.ord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. No^they, Mr. Kent, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Whirhcot, Mr. lownjhend9 Mr. Wodehouse, Mr Met case, Mr. Rond, Mr. Medlycitt> Sir John Rujbout, Mr I Ellies, Mr. Thornbagb, Lord Dup-flin, Mr. Lerefm Gower, Mr. Nrwhbam, Ivlr. Wefi, Mr. Powney, Mr. E!!i;> Sir Wm Calvert, Mr. Pitt, General Onslow, Mr. Neale, Sir Frarcis Pccle; and all the Members who fi rve for li e Counties of Derby, Stafford, Nottingham, Lehefer, and York: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunate I 2° die Fthruarii\

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753. Praykrs.

A PETITION of the Right Honourable Herbert Lord Viscount Winifor, and Baron Montjoy of the Isle of Wight, and of Brigadier General Richard JngJdffy, Churchwardens, the Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in purfjancfc of divers Statutes now in Force, several and distinct Rates are annually made for the Relief of the Poor, Repair of the Highways, andcleanfing the Streets of the said Parish; and that the Rates so made for cleansing the Streets, ana repairing the Highways within the said Parish, are attended with so much Trouble, Difficulty, and Expence, in collecting and levying thereof as to occasion a confuierable Deficiency in the Sums proposed to be raised thereby? and alleging, That if the several Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, in the said Parish, were consolidated and united into One Rate or Assessment, or to be collected by One and the same Collection, and some further Regulations made for the better and more easy addling and collecting the said Rates, and Employment of the Money thereby raised, the same would be attended with moreEafe and Advantage, and Ids Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, their Poor better provided for, and their Highways and Streets better repaired and cleansed, than by the Laws in being the y can be at present: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Vestry, or principal Inhabitants, to make yearly One or more Rate or

Rates for the Relief of the Poor, repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parish, to be collected together by one and the same Collection; with such further and other Regulations relating thereto, and for the better ordering and regulating the Dispofuion of the Money thereby raised, as to the* House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to me Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexamine the Matter thereof ? and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Charlton,

Sir // m. Tenge, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Potter,

Sit Wm. Beauchamp Preftor, Mr. Ker, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowje, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Strange, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Rowney, Mr Berkeley, Mr.

Dowdcfwel!, Mr. Syd.nbam, Mr. Lafcelfes, Lord.Dupplin,

Sir Peter Thompson, Sir John Turner, Mr. Anson, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Goduiphin, General Onslow, Mrv FeHowes, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Thornton, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Sir Charles Moraaunt, Lord Hiilslorough, Sir Wm. Cod-rington. Sir Charles Kent. Tynte, Colonel Lee, Mr Chet-wynd, Mr. Garth, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Delmr, Mr Budgen,

Sir Francis Daffwood, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Cade gun, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Nathanael Curzou, Mr. urbitworth\ and ah the Members who serve for the County of MidJiefex:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for ‘

Pci Lnt>, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Dupplin, from the Commissioners for Trade Colony of and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Nova Scoti,u Orders, /

Account of Mon.*y paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from lit November 1751, to 31st December 1752: And also.

An Account of Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the Commencement of this Service in the Year 1749, to Christmas 1752, distinguished under the several 1 leads thereof: And also,

Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1753.

And the Tides of the said Accounts, and Estimate, were read.

The Book, containing the First of the said Accounts, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session \ and the Abstract: thereof, and also the last of the said Accounts, and the said Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

VOL. 26.

? e ACCOUNT

Februariu 1753

ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’b Colony of Nova Scotia, from ift November 1751, to 31st December 1752.

s. d.

March 11. ToCaffi paid Chauncy Tozvnjkend Esquire, by Warrant, for victualling supplied the

April 22.

Settlers

To Dollars anc! Halfpence sent Governor Hopfcn> and appropriated for the Payment of Provisions to Settlers - - - - "

To Caffi paid by Warrant to the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of his IVia-jefiy’s Forces, to replace the 4d. per Man per Day, issued to the Contractors for Provisions, and not llopt at the Pay Office, from the Pay of the Troops June 2d. To Tents, Shoes, Nails, Spades, Axes, and other Iron Ware, shipt to Halifax

To Victualing supplied the Troops, for the Payment whereof Warrants have been issued; viz.

- 4,609 7 6

4,562 10 o

4>75*

767

8

Q

To Chaur.ccy Fcwnfend Esquire, for 421 Men> of Colonel Cornwallis s

Regiment,

£. s. d.

L

S.

d.

From 24 "December to 23 March - 957 15 6

From 24 March to 23 June - - - 96S 6 0

From 24 June to 23 September - 852 10 6

To Matthew Woodford Esquire, for 360 Men, of the said Regiment,

£ s d.

Frorn 1 ft January to 31 March - 819 0 0

From ift April to 31 June - - 819 0 0

From ift July to 30th September - 729 0 0

2,778 12 O

2.367

To Wm. Baker Esquire, for Colonel Warburton's and Colonel Lcfcelles's Regiment, Arrillery Company, Rangers, Staff Officers, Artificers, Labourers, Seamen, and French Deserters,

L- s. d.

From 5th August to 16 February - - - - 4,322 18 7

From 17 February to 12 April - 2,203 16 6

From 13 April io 7th June - - - 2,236 17 6

From 8 June to 8th October - - - - 3,824 1 o

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer -

2>587 >3 7

17.733

I,08l

7

o

To Expences in the Colony, defrayed out of the Money, for which Bills of Exchange were drawn by the Governor* viz.

To Benjamin Green Esquire, Treasurer, his Payments; viz.

"Salaries and Allowances to Surgeons and Midwife, and Expences attending the Hospital and Orphan House ..

Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers -

Subfillence and other Charges attending the Independent Companies -

Hire, Portlage Bills, ancj other Expences attending the Sloops, and other Vessels, in the Service of the Colony -

Stores, Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government - -

To Richard Bu'kley Esquire, Paymaster of the Works, for Wages of Artificers and Labourers, employed in the publick Works; and incidental Expences;

From ift November 1751,(031(1 January -

From 1 ?c February 1752,10 31 July ....

His Pay from ift January 1749, to 31 July 1752

MolaftW, fer his Account thereof

Bills of the Governor 2c7th Qfiober -

T Thomas Gunter, for Supplies for the Expedition to Chignefto, and

Materials and Stores sent to Halifax and Royal

33»5°4' O 9

1,001

4.437

5.536

5.833

10,166

9

7

o

17

10

4* 1 11

6|

9

5,601 12,806 471 5*4 188

17

7

10 1

11

9l 7 i 9 5 3

- 5.483 2 5

To Apthorp and Hancock, for Balance paid them for Supplies, by Account audited -Of which Sum was chaged, in 1753

7-363 6,924 14

s. d.

1 7

6

438 7

To

a6 Geo. II.

12° Februa

567

To Captain How, Tor Supplies, for which a Bill of Exchange was drawn, and the Sum deducted, from his Dilburfcof 1,097/. 18 s. adjulied with his Executrix ----- 1,000 o o

To Disbursements for Materials and Stores, and Payment of Over-seers. Artificers,. and Labourers, by the several Officers commanding the Parties at ChigneElo and Minas , viz.

53*479

3

3l

Colonel Cha. Laurence ----- - 4,828 16 1

Major Hunger ford Lutterell - 82695

Captain Collier - -- 1,072 3 6|

Captain St. Loe - - 244 5 o

60,450 17 4

From which deduct the Sums granted by Parliament, and applied towards this Expence.

Bills to Mr. Gunter^ in 1750 - 2,600 o o

Bills drawn by Governor Cornwallisy in 1751 - 14,319 2 6

And Money received by the Treasurer at Halifax 359 7 3

-----17,278 9 9

To Governor Hopfon, for victualing the Settlers, Subsistence of a Company of Rangers, Hire, Wages, and Repairs, of Sloops and armed Vessels, Payment of Officers, Artificers, and Labourers, and other contingent Expences, between the ill of August and 31 December 1752, deduCling 4,562/. ioj. remitted him in Specie To Provisions for the Troops, from the Expiration of the Lilts discharged by Warrants to 31 December -

To Money advanced for the Victualing, Passage, and Accommodation, of 1,135 foreign Proreltanrs, to be repaid by their L abour, at 12 d. a Day To Ordnance Stores furnished Colonel Lascelles's Regiment, on their Departure from Dublin, to be replaced, or paid for, to the Irish Treasury - -

43*7^ 7 7

5>543 3 4

6,608 n o

7*647 13 II 183 5 6

Errors excepted, February 12, 1753.

96,659 19 1

Chris. Kilby, Agent to his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia.

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nava Scottciy for the Year 1752 - -- -- - 40,450 o 10

Received by Warrant from the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces,

for the same Sum, advanced to IVm. Baker Esquire, upon his Contract for victualing the Troops 6,020 o o

Received by Warrant from Ditto, the Twopences per Man per Day, voted by Parliament, upon

the Estimate for Colonel Regiment, in the Year 1752 - - - - 2,761 12 5

, 49.*"-3 3

Exceedings - - 47,448 5 10

96,659 19 T

VfL 26.

initiTnrl h\/ V T

568

i'20 Februarlt,

A. 1753,

An ACCOUNT of Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the Commencement of this Service, in the Year 1749, to Christmas 1752 s distinguished tnder the several Heads thereof.

*749-

*7 jo.

1751.

1752.

1749.

<7 5Q-1751.

1752.

J7$o.

1751.

*75*-

Transport Service. £, s. d.

To Provisions and Bedding for 1,400 Settlers, sent over in the Year

1749 " 7>'54 o

To Hire of 11 Transports, con traded for by the Commissioners of the

Navy..... - - - - 23,672 1 3

To Fees paid On the above Sum - 147 199

To Hire of 3 Transport Ship'-, retained in the Service at Halifax - 4,859 15 4

To fixing the Ventilators - " -

To live Stock, and Medicines, for the Settlers, during the Voyage To Changes on Shipping the Settlers -

To Medicines and Necessaries on board the Ship that failed from Liverpool -

To Freight, and other Expences, attending the Transportation of 514 Settlers -

To an Allowance of One Guinea per Head to 322 foreign Protestants, in Alleviation of their Freight - -

To Freight of 1,0^4 foreign Protestants, and other Charges attendant thereon -

To Freight of 1,135 foreign Protestants, and other Charges attendant thereon ——

102 11 6

680 14 8

3j6 o 3

67 18 J>!44 4 333 2

6,949 9

7^47 13 "

Regiment from Ireland.

To the Charge of transporting Colonel Lafcellej’s Regiment from Ireland - -

To lundry NeCefiTanes supplied the said Regiment, on its Departure -

£ d.

8,581 3 9

*s3 5 6

8,764 9 3

Provisions for the Settlers.

To Cadi paid Chauncey Townsend Esquire, upon his Contract for victualing 3,000 Persons, at 4\d. per Day - -

To Ditro, - - for Ditto - . -

To Ditro, - - for Ditto

To Ditto, for a further Supply for 1,500 Settlers, for 6 Months To Ditto, upon his Contradfor victualing 2,joo Settlers, at $\d each P.rfon per Day -

To Ditto, - - for Ditto -

To 1'itro, - - for Ditto....

To Ditto, to complete the Victualing for 2,500 Settlers, to the ift August 1752 -

To victualing 1.955 Settlers, 142 Days, from ift Augv.Jl to 31 De-cemler 1752, at 3 \d per Perfow per Day -To a contingent Expence, for Provisions supplied the Settlers upon extraordinary Occasions -

Provisions for the Troops.

To Cash paid by Colonel Cornwallis, to Lieutenant Colonel Majea-rene, to replace the Fourpences stopt from the Pay of his Regiment for Provisions ----- - 2,550

To Colonel Cornwallis's Regiment, to replace the Fourpences per Day, stopt from their Pay for Provisions, from 25 August 1749, to Christmas 1750 -

To Provisions supplied Colonel Warburton and Colonel Lascelles’s Regiment, Artillery Company, and Rangers ——

To Calli paid Wm. Baker Esquire, on Account of his Contract for Victualing the Ti oops - -- -- - 6,coo

To Ditro, - - for Ditto -

To Caih paid by Warrant to the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, for lo much paid by him to the Contractors for supplying the Troops with Provisions -

To Calli paid by Warrants to the Contradors for supplying the Troops with Provisi ns -

To Provisionb for the Troops, from the Expiration of tie Vidualing

Lift* ....

Rum and Molaflfes.

To a contingent Expence, for an extraordinary Allowance of Rum and Mulaflcs* to the T roops ——

2,068 5 6

4>5°° 0 0

5»765 12 6

6,825 O 0

OO 'S O O O 0

4,50© O 0

1,187 1.0 0

4>6~9 7 6

4,048 9 7

742 6 7

1. d*

64,066 o o

52,246 ir 8

2-550 0 0

3.9*9 5 8

7.832 3 8

6,coo 0 0

9.177 4 5

+-5* 1 S

*7.733 S 7

6,608 11 0

8.379 12 7 i

66,c jl 4 7*

Deduct

26 _GeO; Ili

12° Februa

1749;

*749-

1749*

*749-

*749-

1749.

*749*

1749'

Deduct - - - - Received from the Paymaster General, for Money advanced to the Contractors for supplying the Troops with Provisions - -

Ditto----- Received from Ditto, on Account of

the Victualing supplied Colonel s Regiment

j.


6,000 o 6

2,761

12 5

Publick Works, Stores, Labour and Materials.

To clearing Ground for the Town, making Roads, landing Scores, and erecting publick Storehouses* and other Buildings

1750. To Ditto----- for Ditto -

1752. To Ditto----- for Ditto -

To Cash paid the Overseerof the publick Works, for Labour, Materials, and other incidental Expences

1750. To Ditto - - for Ditto.

1751. To Ditto----- for Ditto -

1752. To Ditto - - - for Ditto -

To Materials, Stores, and incidental Expences thereon -

1750. To Ditto

2,615 3*6 3>°72

5,520

9,421

12,517

18,596

16

7

16

16

1751

1752,

To Ditto To Ditto

*5>738

5,646

2,489

10,590

16

17

3

6

Contingent Expences arising in the Colony.

To contingent Expences, on Account of Presents to the Indians, Dieting and Lodging French Deputies and Interpreters, Expresses, (Sc. -1750! To Ditto -

1751. To Ditto -

1752. ’ To Ditio -

651

973 1,071

4.59s


16

6

7

To Medicines, fresh Provisions, and other Necessaries, supplied the Hospital -

1750. To Ditto -

1751. To Ditto -

1752. To Ditto -

for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto

Sloops.

235

393

649

683

J5

*7

H

iri

£ S-. d. £. s. a.

8,761

12

58,18$ 12 2|

14 61

5 "f 8

4f

8f

8f

3

A

6,004 8 9I

46,056 16 to

34,465 4 of

7

II

7

9*

9

6

Si

9

To the Hire, Seamens Wages, and other incidental Expences* attending the Sloops and Vessels employed in the Service of the Province - -

1750. To Ditto

1751. To Ditto - -

1752. To Ditto

for Ditto for Ditto , for Ditto

Rangers.

981

3>7°6

1,056

9>i63

To the Pay, Cloathing, Recruiting, and Visual ling, the Independent Companies of Rangers, and other incidental Expences attending the Service - - - "

1750. To Ditto----- for Ditto

1751. To Ditto - - - for Ditto - -

1752. To Ditto - - - for Ditto - - "

Civil Officers.

To the Salaries and Allowances to the Civil Officers, including Surgeons, Apothecaries, and their Mates, and other contingent Ex-perlfces relative thereto

1750. To Ditto - - - for D\tzo -

1751. To Ditto - - - for Ditto

1752. To Ditto----- for Ditto -....._

865526

7,294 12 io£

1,962 19 5i

9,257 id

12

5

7

‘ 2'

2

3 ‘4

14,908 6 11

1,718 5 2 872 5 5 654 30 O 7,323 16 2*

10,568 .16 9

z>9l$ S 4 776 1 1

4,071 1 1

7,146 17 11

i4>96* S

Vol. 26.

7F

Ordnance

57°

*749.

and

*7 jo.

*75*

1749,

and

*75°*

i z9 Februarii.

Ordnance.

To the Treasurer of the Ordnance for Field Pieces, Swivel Guns, Small Arms, and Powder -

To Cash paid the Treasurer of the Ordnance, for a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Governor -

To the Office of Ordnance, for Timber, Materials, and Tools, sent from Annapolis, Hire of Veflfds, Magazine for Powder, and Payment of Officers and Artificers employed by that Board - -

To Wages and Labour of Artificers employed in the Ordnance - -

To his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, for Wages of Officers, and Materials supplied for the Use of the Colony A

s.

J.

3>592 4 4 1,000 o o

j. 1753.

L s. 4.

10,417 18

28413

3*

2

2,425 18 2

Incidental Expences in England,

To Tools, Blankets, Tents, Medicines, and other Stores, sent to the

Province, and ocher incidental Expences arising in England - - 5*983 15 o

1751. To Ditto - - - for Ditto - - - 481 5 10

1752. To Ditto-for Ditto ----- 1,848 13 o

17,720 tj

— 8,313 13 10

£ 3365 7°7 a 10

1748- 9 Granted by Parliament

1749- 50. Exceedings -

1750- 1. Ditto -

1751. Ditto -

1752. Ditto -

Errors excepted, February 12th 1753.

Chris, Kilby, Agent to his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia.

- 40,000 o o

£ s. d.

- 36*476 3 10 Edimate.

- 57,582 19 3r Ditto -

- 21,042 19 6| Ditto

- 47>448 5 10

- 39*778 19 2

’ 53>9'27 »4 4

- 40,450 o 10

— 174,156 14 4 - 162,550 8 6

£. 336,707 2 IQ

ESTIMATE of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of

Nova Scotia, for the Year 1753.

To Vi&ualing 1,955 Settlers, for 12 Mqnths, after the Rate of $\d. per Personper Diem - - 9,662 19 10

To Fourpence^r Man per Diem, to the Non-commission Officers, and Private Men, of Colonel Wavburton's and Colonel Hopfori% Regiments of Foot, confiding of 1,562 Men,.to replace to them a Deduct ion of so much made from theij-Pay for ProvisiQns - - - - 9,502 3

To Victualing Colonel Lascelles's Regiment of Foot, confiding of 404Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, and a Company of Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 107 Men, at 6d* per Man per Diem - -- - 4,662 17 6

Tothe pay, Victualing, Cloathing, Recruiting, and other contingent Expences attending One Com-panyof Rangers, confiding of 117 Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men ----- - -- - 2,786 1J IO9

#To the Seamens Wages, Stores, ProviGons, Repairs, and incidental Expences of Four Armed

Vessels, and a Pilot Schooner, employed in the Service of the Province - - 2,8 v 1 19 4$

To Salaries of Civil Officers - - 3,124 18 4

To the Pay of Two Surgeons, Four Mates, and a Midwife - 717100

To repairing and completing the Publick Works, and building and erecting such new ones as are

immediately necessary for the Security and Convenience of the Settlement - 4,650 Q 7

To Stores, Materials, and Tools, for the Settlers, the Wages of Artificers and Labourers, and other

incidental Expences attending the Service of the Settlement -. 9,248 1 8

£.#47,167 6 6

Ordered,

16 Geo. II. I Februarii.

57*

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ealand Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read: And,

Mr. William Mann, Surveyor and Treasurer to the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, said, That the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds upon the Credit thereof; which, together with the Income of the said Tolls, amounting to about £. 285 annually, after Payment of the Interest of the Money so borrowed, has been duly applied towards the Repair of the said Road; but that the same has been found insufficient for that Purpose.

That the said Road is Sixteen Miles in Length, Seven of which the Trustees have not been able to repair at all; and the Remainder is in a ruinous Condition, and much worn by the many heavy Coal and Lime Carriages passing thereon: That unless the Term and Powers, given by the said Act, be enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted be augmented, the said Road mu ft be loft.

Mr. Samuel Harpur said. That he knows Part of the said Road, which is much frequented, and is of great Benefit to Trade; that about Three Miles of the same is a Stone Pavement, and kept up at a great Expence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Comptroller, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

High#iteand Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, appointed to put in w s‘ Execution Four Acts of Parliament, passed in the Third and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Seventh and Eighth Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampfteady in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter $f the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W'here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The several Acts before mentioned were read; whereby it appeared, that the Term and Powers thereby granted will expire in 1759.

Mr. William Thomas, and Mr. James English, Surveyors of the said Road, said, That great Progress hath been made in amending the lame; notwithstanding which, many Parts thereof in the Winter Season, are very bad, occasioned by the many heavy Carriages travelling along the fame, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, without a large annual Expence.

Mr* Humphrey Elmos, Treasurer and Clerk to the Trustees, laid before your Committee, an Account of Receipts and Disbursement? of the said TftUs and Duties for Eight Year* past*by which it appeared,;

Vvi- 26*

£< d.

That there is due upon Mortgages - ? 7,617 4 6

Debts contrafted for repairing the said

Roads between 5 October 1751 and 14

October 1752 ----- 1,577 9 oj

Total - - 9*194 13

And Mf. Elmes said. That it will be impossible to pay off the said Debt, and effectually repair the said Roads, unless the said Acts be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tp continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, and Mr. Potter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Thompson be added to the Hackney Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Road.

Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the nth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

Mr. Wright presented to the House, according to Order, Leicester,&c* a Bill for repairing the Road from die Borough of Lei- Road. cester, in the County of Leicester, to the ToWn of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

1Refolvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Carliflcto Names arc thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually «cnr!tl1 travelling, the Road from the Town of Penrith, in the oa County of Cumberlandy to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road from the Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, is in a very founderous Condition, and very narrow; and cannot be repaired, and kept amended, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law: And therefore praying, That in the BilL depending in the House, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberlandy Provision may be made for repairing the Road from Penrith to Emont Bridge aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir James Lowthery Mr. Dalstone,

Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Sydenbam9 Mr. Thorntony Mr.

Wilftm, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Fellowes, General Onslow, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bajhwoed King, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Brake, Mr. Lyster, Mr. West, Mr. Wrighte, Mr.

Thomhagb, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Potter, Sir1 Thomas Claveringy Mr. Warburtony Mr. Hay, Mr. Pytts, Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Prowje, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Strange, Mr. Ker, Mr. Fazakerley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland\ Durham, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr: Pytts reported from the Committee, to whom tbjC Redftone Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Per- Ferry Road, fpns, living in, near, and frequently passing through, the Roads leading from Redfttme Ferry, in the Parish of Aftley, in the County of Worceficr, to the Town of Tenbury, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and oth$r$, refid*

ing

White Sheet Hill, &c. Hoad.

Eucktonburn and Berwick Roads.

Ditto.

571 FelruariL A. 1753.

*ng in and n£ar the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Were severally referred j Thalc the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and.he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's1 Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethj viz. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Pardoe informed the Committee, That he knows all the Roads mentioned in the said Petitions, which are extremely bad, narrow, and dangerous, and they cannot be amended by the ordinary Method; for that Five times the Work appointed by Law would be inibfficient effectually to amend them.

Mr. John Browne confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Pardoe-, and added, That some Parts of the said Road are extremely bad, even in Summer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing ai?d widening the Roads leading from Redflone Ferry, in the County of I'Vorcester, to the Hundred House, and from thence to Moukflmidgefm the Road to the Town of Ten bury, arid from the said Hundred House to the said Town of Tenbury, in the said County: And that Mr. Pytts, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Lyjler, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Digby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living near, and usually travelling, the Road leading trom the Top of a Hill called White Sheet Hill, in the great Western Post Road, in the Parish, of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaf-ton, other wise Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, and from thence to a House, called or known by the Name of the Half-way House> fttu ate in the Parish of Nether, other wise Lower ( ompton, in the said County of Dorset, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; ’ and nad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr .-Henry Glover informed your Committee, That he knows the said Road, described in the Petition, which is the Port. Read from London, and about Twenty Miles long: That the fame is in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Carriages and Passengers; and that the Road cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And, Mr. Samuel Foote, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Glover.

Ordered, That Leave be given to hripg in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Top. of <a Hill, called White Sheet Hill, in the great Western Post Road*r in the Parish, of - Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County A Wilts, through the Towns of Shafton, other-wife' Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Doxfet wd Some;/ft; and from, thence to a House, called or. known by the Name of the Halfway House, situate in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset: And chat the Lord Digby, and Mr. Prow/e, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of that Part of the County of Durham, commonly called Norham and Island Shires,' lying North of the Coimty of Northumberland: And also, of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of Ber-’wick Upon Tweed, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And atf6, ‘ 1

A Petition of the' Mayor, Bafiliffr, and‘Burgeffes of the Botough of Berwick upon Tweed, under their Common-Seal; -

: "Were severally pfefented to the House, and read; feve- wily fating forth, That the'Road leading 'from the

Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to a Place called Lammerton Hill, being the Extremity of the Liberty o' the Town of Berwick aforesaid, towards Scotland; also a Road branching from the said intended Turnpike Road, at the South End of the Town of TweedmoiUh, in the said County of Durham, leading along a Place called Etall Highway, through the lower Part of the Town of East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Cornhill, to Deddo Burn, all in the County of Durham aforesaid; also a Road branching from the Road at Etall Highway, and leading pad the Brick Houses, through the Town of Duddo, to a Brook called Hornburn, adjoining Berryhill Ground, in the said County of Durham-, also a Road branching From the said intended Turnpike Road, near Scrammerfton, in the said County of Durham, leading through Ancroft, to Licker Burn; also a Road branching from the said intended Turnpike Road, at Scots Gate, in the Town of Berwick aforesaid, and leading by the South Side of Hallydown Hill, to a House, called the Bound Road House-, and also a Road branching from the said intended Turnpike Road, at Scots Gate aforesaid, leading 10 Whittater Low Bridge, and from thence to another Place, called the Bound Road-, are, in many Parts, very ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary Couifc provided by Law, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Roads, and for levying a Toll at the fame; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Roads may be effectually amended, and thereafter kept in good and sufficient Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And they are referred to Mr. Vans senior, Mr. Ridley,

Lord Barrington, Mr. O/wald, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Martin, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Gray, oir Charles Mcrdaunt, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Comptroller, M1. Hay, Mr.

LaJcedes, Mr. Sandys, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Torke, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Wiikirfon, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Ellifcn, Mr. FeL lowes, Mr. Daiflone, Mr. Robinson, Sir Henry Er/kine,

Mr. Potter, General St. Clair, Mr. (Vrighte, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Set gif on, Lord Digby, Colonel Vane, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bowes j Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Fane, Lord -John Murray, Lord Hobart, General Onslow, Mr. Allgood, Sir Wm. Myddleton, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Ellis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Fork, Lancaster, Weflmorland, and Cumberland, and for North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Prow/e reported from the Committee, to whom Lo w the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, Conoton living in, near, and usually travelling, the great Western Road, from an House, called the Halfway House, situate in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Do Jet; and on the great Road between the Towns of Sherborne, add Yeovil, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, through the Towris of Yeovil aforesaid, and Crewkerne, in the County of Some Jet', and also from the Town of Yeovil aforesaid, to a Place called Mudford Bridge, in the County of Some Jet, being the great Road from Yeovil aforesaid, to the City of Bristol\ and likewise from the said Town of Yeovil, to a Place called Vagg Hollow, in the said County of Somerset, being the great Road from Yeovil aforesaid, to the Town of ilchefl ter; and also from the Town of Yeovil aforesaid, to a Parish called Odcombe, through Preston, in the said 10 County

Googh

26 Geo. II.

County of Somefct, being the great Road from Yeovil aforesaid, towards Taunton, in the said County of Somerset; and also from the said Town of YeovV, to a Bridge, called IVhiJUe Bridge, lying in the great Road from the Town of Yeovil aforesaid, to the Town of Dcrcbejicr, was referred; Thar the Committee had examined th<r Matter of the said Petition; and had dire^K-J him to report the lame, as it appeared to (hem, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the f.iid Petition, the Reverend Mr. Phil’p Rawlins and Mr. Jehu Nez out an junior, were examined, and said, That the Roads from the Halfway House, in the Pari 111 of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, to the Rail Pnd of the Town of sixminster, in the County of Devon, is a publick Highway, and is about Twenty-four Miles in extent; an \ that the Roads from the Town of 1 ccvil to Vudford B ulge, Vagg Hollow, Oaccmbe, and V/kifile Brid e, are also publick Highways, and are each reflectively about Three Miles in Length; and that the said Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow; and cannot be sufficiently reraired and widened, by the oi din ary Coiirle appointed by the Laws.

Ordered, That Leave be given ro bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Hafwiy House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, to the East End of the Town of lxwinner, in the County of Devon, through the Towns of Yeovil and Crewkerne; and from che laid Town of Yeovil to Mud-ford Bridge, Vagg Hollow, (Mccmbe, and ll hi.lie bridge, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. prcwle, the Lord Dig by, Mr. Medllcot, and Sir Charles Kemys Tynit, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Land Tax. A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1753, was read a Second time.

BeJcPed, That the Bui be committed.

P^efolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refoive kfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Lid Bill. n

Henlhali'i Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to

Smith)Road. whom the Petition of several of the Gentlerrten, Clergjf1, Tree holders, and other Inhabitants of the County Palatine of Chester, w as reform!, That the Committee hud examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to tht? Hbufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was lead; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Tcmkinfcn, and Mr. Samuel Cooke, were examined, and laid, That the I highways from HenJbdH9s Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through Nether Knits ford, to Altrincham, in the County of Chester\ and frorh the Guide Post in Me e, to 1 Farrington, in the County of Lancaster\ and from Buck lew Hill, to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Cheder, are-the publick Highways between the several Towns mentioned in the Petition; and are, in many Places, very deep and founderous, and also very narrow; and that th<e same cannot be‘sufficiently amended and widened by the Laws' in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given ro bring in a. Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Henfball's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, by Bucklcw IP!!, to the Town of Altrincham in the said Count v; and from the SouthGuide Post in Mere, in the said Chun;v\ to Warrington, in the County of IMncajl or; *nd from Bucklcw Hill a fore-Li d, to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester: And that Mr. Cholmonde!c\, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shuttlewo)tht Sir Lynch Cotton, and Mr. Legh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 26,

si%

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Salt Dotiei; Order, a Bill for continuing the Dune-dTipon Salt, arid upon Red and White Herrings, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and rea<fcthe First time. . # 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Marquis of Granby reported from the Committee, Sheerness to whom the Pcti ion of John Vernon EsquiVe, Great ForrificatWfe Nephew, and Devilee, and also Admir.iftracor, with the Will annexed of Colonel Edward Vernon, his Great Uncle, deceased, was referred, That the Commitfee'had'exarfiiined the Mailers of Fact contained in the Lid Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House $

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix theret^, in at die Clerk's Table:' Where the Report wns read:

The said Report and Appendix are as followeth; viz.

The Committee find the Matters of Fatt contained in the said Petition, to be as follows: - ’ ’ ’

Ti.at Gcdj.ey Mcynell Esquire, was feifedof the Inheritance of fun ;y Aa es of Land, in the Isle of Shecpy, in the County of AV-so; and that his Majesty King Charles the Second I’cizcT :hc fame, for the UiVof the Publick 5 and having a.tcrwards, by Order in Council of 151h 16 6, cireded Sheerness ro be fortified, the Officers of die Ordnance, in erufeing that Fort, caused-Twenty-three Acres of Mai Hi LantL Parr of the Forty Acres, to be uffd for building the Fortification^, and Seventeen Acres of Salt Marsh, and Beach, Refiduc thereof, to be partly built upon, and other wile made use of, for his Majesty's Service; anu that the Crown have ever finee enjoyed the fame, without Interruption.

That on 9 February iuSi, Mcynell exhibited his Demands, at the Office of Ordnance, for Fifteen Years Rent of Forty Acres of his Land, taken in for the Use of the , Fort; as also for Damages which he had 1 offered'in respect thereof; which Demands were referred to Sir Bernard de Gomme. Chief Engineer, to consider of, and report to the Mailer General of the Ordnance.

That on the ift of July 1682, Sir ’Bernard de Gmme reported to che Right Honourable Colonel George Legge,

Master General of the Ordnance, on the Demands of the Lid Gocf,ey, Mcynell, wherein he admitted, that 23 Acres offrefh Marsh Land wcxe-irradeufe of for the building the Fortifications upon, and that Seventeen Acres oFSalt Marsh and Bca^ch, upon Parc, whereof the Fort was built, had been made use of fyr his Service ^and^aVehisOpirnon

of the yearly Value or the fame; is-also 6f ttfi Damages alleged to have been sustained by.Demands.

That Mr. Mcynell,. not.approving of Sir Btrntrrd de Gomme's Report and Valuations',’ replied thereto;, and formed an Account whereby he made* mean Profits, Damages, qnd Value, for the Lurch a fe of the said Laddi, amount to 2,331. ' 5-g

y. That of 8th March ju682, the Board Or dr. an ce re-

examined the Stare of, Mr. Meryneil's^afe^given By irhem to the Mailer General tbuching ^vf^/VDemdiids; anti reported to t^ie Master General that thetyMould make no Alteration therein, except.as mentioned in their Account annexed, and which made the Total of the mean Profits, Damages, and Value of the Purchase, amount to but £. 459 15 s. od. which Transactions* ac the Office of Ordnance, appear, by a Report of the'Board of Ordnance, dared the i tth November 1752, and the Papers referred to in the said Report: Copies of all which are hereunto annexed, ,in the Appendix N° i.

It further appears, by a Recital in a Deed of Conveyance inrolled, dated 20th November 1683, between King Charles the Second of the one Part, and Edward Vernon Esquire, and Rupert Browne, and Samuel Boheme, Gentlemen, of the oilier Part, that the said Godfrey Mcynell did, by Indenture dated ihe acth October in the said Year 1683, in Consideration of Four hundred Pounds, to him paid by the \ laid Edward Vernon, and for other cfood Cauies and Considerations, release to the said Edward Vernon, and his Hens, the said Fore and Lands,- and all

7 G his

120 Februa

Sheerness

Fortification.

574

hifr Claims and Demands relating thereto: And the Committee requiring this Deed to be produced to them.

Mr. Hugh Hammersley informed the Committee, That he had searched for the same at the Rolls, but that no such Deed could be found; and the Clerk of the Rolls informed him, that he believed it never had been inrolled, not being recited to have been inrolied in this Grant.

And to prove, that Colonel Vernon had been very active and zealous in the Service of King Charles the First and King Charles the Second, from the Beginning of the Civil War to the Restoration, and that he suffered great Hard-ships for such Zeal and Services, certain Depositions in Chancery, taken in the Year 1685, in a Cause then depending between the then Attorney General, Plaintiff, and the said Edward Vernon and others, Defendants, were produced to your Committee, and read; and it appears, by the Deposition of John Greengrafsj thac the Deponent knew the Lands at Sheerness, heretofore the Lands of the said Godfrey Meynell, and purchased of him by Colonel Vernon, and since conveyed to King Charles the Second; and the Deponent further said, that it was about Seventeen or Eighteen Years since that his said Majesty entered there-on, and began to build a Fort ihereori; and the said Fort had been then built aboutTen Years: That he knew, that there was demanded, for the Profits and Damages since his said Majesty's Entry, the Sum of 2,327 I. or thereabouts, by Meynell, or others on his behalf, at the Ordnance Office at the Towet: That the Deponent, being Tenant and Steward to Meynelly a<sted, and was privy to the Transaction of that Affair, on hi* Behalf, and was several times at the Tower about the fame; and the Deponent verily believed, that the Inheritance of the Lands, and Buildings thereon then erected, were worth, to be sold, Forty or Fifty thousand Pounds, his Majesty having laid out a great deal of Money in building the Fore, and erecting the other Buildings thereon, since he entered on the fame.

By the Deposition of the Right Honourable Vere Essex Earl of Ardglaffe, it appeared, That the said Edward Vernon took up Arms for King Charles the First, 164a, and continued in Arms for his Service till the Year 1648, when he raised a Regiment of Foot; and during that time was in several Engagements against the Rebels, and was often in Service to the great Hazard of his Life, and often with good Success.

That he afterwards went into Ireland, and served under the Marquis of Ormond, then Lord Lieutenant, who gave him a Commission for a Regiment of Foot; and Mr. Vernon continued under his Command till the Marquis was forced to leave that Kingdom, and go into France; where Vernon soon followed him, having refused to take Conditions from the Rebels. - ’

That Colonel Vernon* having been commanded by the Duke of York to meet the Royal Army then marching from Scotland, he came to Bologne with the Earl of Ardglaffe and Colonel Nichols, where they were informed of the Defeat at lYorceflen upon which they hastened for England, to assist his Majesty; and the Deponent, Colonel Vernon qpd Colonel Nichols agreed to meet in London, if they escaped the Rebels, which they did; and there finding out Colonel Lane, Lord Ardglaffe, Vernon, and the rest of them, furnished him with Passes, in others Names, to assist his late Majesty and Lord IVilmot to make their Escapes; after which the Deponent and Vernon continued much together, without submitting to, or compounding with, the Rebels, but were always endeavouring to promote several Risings against the Rebels by his then Majesty’s Directions, with very great Hazard of their Lives; in which Vernon, as the Deponent was informed, was taken and made a Prisoner in the Tower, and lay there some Years; and, upon his getting out of the Tower in 1658, carried a considerable Party of Horse to Sir George Booth, out of Derby/hire and Staffordshire, into Cheshire, and continued in that Service till the whole Party separated; when he again went beyond Sea, and there (laid with his Majesty till his Majesty's Return into England', when Vernon landed with him at Dover.

By ifie Deposition of James Duke of Ormond ic ap-

d. 175

peared, That his Grace, by Letter of- 20 August 1683, acquainted the Attorney General with a Propoficion made to King Charles the Second concerning the Honour of Tutbury, and Forest of Needwood:

And that, loon after the Murder of King Charles the First, Vernon went into Ireland, w-here the Duke was then Lord Liey tenant, and offered himself to be employed in the King's Service; which his Grace accepted of; and from that time he continued under his Grace's Command till his Grace was forced to leave the Government and repair to France: That Vernon served King Charles the First , and Second, from the rime of fecting up the royal Standard at Nottingham, till his Majesty’s Forces in England were totally overcome by the Rebels: That he believed, that Colonel Vernon hasfeverai times hazarded his Life for the King's Service, daring the Wars in Ktigland, and was imprisoned by the usurped Powers in the Corner for some Years: That his Grace had often nea:d King Charles the Second own and value Vernon's Services and Sufferings: That, the Duke being in Ireland in 1663 as Lord Lieutenant, there was a Conspiracy, by Jepbfon, Warren, Blood, and others, for surprising Dublin Callie, and fub-' vesting the Government; which was by one of the Con-spirators made known to Vernon, and by him first discovered to the Duke; the Design was frustrated, and several of the Conspirators executed: That he remembered, when King Charles the Second, was in Exile, Vernon waited on him at Brussels, and brought Bills of Exchange to the Value of Two thousand Pounds Sterling eftrt of England, which he delivered his Majesty there; and they were owned to be a feaibnable and considerable Relief to the King, as A fairs their ftoocl: That he believed King Charles the Second intended a KindneA to* Vernon, by the Grant he made him of the Honour of Tulbury, in consideration of his said Services and Sufferings for tire Crown: That his said Majesty told the Duke, that he was satisfiecl with the Agreement made with Vernon about Tutbury; and that he designed to dispose of the Seven thousand Pounds he was to receive from him for the Grant towards the Building he intended at Winchefcr.

By the Deposition of Henry Earl of Clarendon, Lord Privy Seal, it appeared, That during the Exile of King Charles the Second, whilst he was at Breda, Colonel Vernon brought his Majesty Bills of Exchange to the Value of Two thousand Pounds, which were then looked upon as a considerable P re lent to his Majesty, as his Occasions then flood; which Bills were payable at Answep, and the Money accordingly received; and that his Lord In ip had heard his Majesty Ay, that he looked upon Colonel Vernon to be a very honest Gentleman.

By the Deposition oI John Vernon Esquire ic appeared. That Colonel Vernon had been always loyal, and forward to serve the Crown, from the fetcing up the Standard at Nottingham to the Restoration , and that he suffered many Years Imprisonment in the Tower, in the Usurper's Time, on his Majesty's Account: That, during his Imprisonment, both his Parents, Sir Edward Vernon and Lady Vernon, who was an Heiress, died; Colonel Vernon having prevailed before with his Mother Lady Vernon to fell the Lordships of Hi/kton-and Ejfingtcn, and other Lands, for Four thousand Pounds; which, at the time the Witness was examined, were worth Four hundred Pounds per Annum, besides the Timber and Wood which was then very considerable; the said Lordships and Land.; having been given by ;Lady Vernon to Colonel Vernon; and that the Deponent, being Colonel Vernons. Brother, had good Reason to know and believe, that he laid out and expended most of the Four thousand Pounds, and much greater Sums in his Imprisonment, Sufferings, and Services, for Charles the First and Second.

Then, in order to fiiew, That Colonel Vernon was, in and before 1683, poffctied of several Leafehol.l Incerefts in the Forest of Needwood and Honour of Tulbury, and was also entitled to the leverai Offices of High Steward of the Honour of Tutbury, Conilable of the Castle, and Ranger of the Forest of Needwood, with the Keeperffiip of several Wards therein.

The

120 FebruartL

1

26 Geo. IT. ii° Februar

The Agent for the Petitioner produced the following, Grants and Instrumcnrs; viz. A Grant under the Duchy Seal, dated the 17th March, 2 2d Charles the Second; by which his Majesty granted to the Karl of Chesterfield the Office of Steward of the Honour of Tuthury, Constable of the Castle o f Tuthury. Lieutenant of the Forest of Need-wood. Master of the Game of all the Foretls in the Counties of Derby and Staffed, except the Forest of the High Peak of Derbyshire, together with the Office of Bailiff of the New Liberties, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford, to hold to the said Fail of CheJlerfieLl by himself, or Deputy, during Pleasure; with the several Wages and Fees therein mentioned, and the Keepei ship of all the Lodges and Wards in the said Forest:

Another Grant, dated the 13th January 250 Caroli zn; reciting, That the preceding Grant had been furrrndered by the Earl of Chesterfield, and granting all the same Offices, Wages, Fees, and Lodges, to James Earl and Marquis of Ormond, and Thomas Earl of Offory his Son and Heir apparent, to be executed by themselves, or Deputies, to hold during the Lives of the said Marquis and Lord Offory, and the longer Liver:

A Deed, under the Hand and Seal of the Duke of Ormond, dated 31st *uly 16; reciting a Grant from the King, dated the ad of June, zS Caroli all1, of the same Offices and Premiles, during the Lives of the said Duke and Lord Offoiy, and Richard Earl of Arran the Duke’s Second Sun, with Power to appoint a Deputy; the said Duke thereby appointed Colonel Vernon his Deputy, to exercise all the fnd Office*, and to receive, to his own Llfc, all the Fees thereto belonging:

Another Deed-poll, unJ. r the Hand and Seal of the Duke of Ormond, dated the same 8th of Au^ujl 1681; reciting the said recited Grant of the Second June tb- t; and also a Deed, dated the ?1 ft July 1675; whereby the Duke and the said FarE of Offory and Arran had agreed, from time to time, as their Eltates should accrue, to make Deputations to Colonel Vernon, or to such Person as he should appoint, for executing the several Offices, Commands, and Trusts, aforesaid, and receiving the several Fees thereto belonging; with a Proviso, that if the Duke, or any other, by 1 is Order, should, during the Duke’s Life, pay Colonel Venion the full Sum of Two thousand Pounds, Three Months Notice being first given, that from thenceforth the said Grant, and all Deputations made by the said Duke and Earls, or by Colonel Vernon (other than Under-offices and other Profits fallen due before such Payment) which should have been disposed of by Vernon before the Payment o( the said Two thousand Pounds, should be void. — The Duke, by this Deed-poll, for the Encouragement of Colonel Ve nen, and taking Notice of the great Charges and Exptnces he was at, and like to be at, concerning the Premises, did promise and declare. That he neither had nor would revoke the said Deputation to Colonel Vernon; but that Vernon should have the full Benefit granted to him by the said Indenture i and the Duke f urther promised, That he would not pay the Two thousand Pounds, nor rake any Advantage of the Proviso for vacating the said Deputation on Payment thereof; and raking Notice that Lord Offoiy was lately dead, and that the Duke hoped to prevail with his Majesty to renew his Grant, by adding another Life in his Stead, or Term of Years, in Reversion, after the Expiration of the then Patent; in such same Colonel Vernon was to enjoy the Premises, after such Renewal, as if Lord Offory was still living: And an original Demise, dated the 6th July 1678, between Queen Catharine and her Trustees of the one Parr, and Colonel Veiram of the other Part; by which the Queen and her Trustees leased to Colonel Vernon the Herbage and Pannage of Highlings Park, in the County of Stafford, to hold to Colonel Vernon and his Executors, from the Determination of a Term of Forty-one Years, granted to Thomas Cary Esquire, by Demise of 9th of Charles the First, for Fourteen Years and an Halt, at the yearly Pent of Three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Peace:

VOL. 26.

A Second Deed-poll, dated the 8th of August in the Sheernefl Year 16S 1; reciting, That the Duke of Ormond had; by fortification; Deed of even Dare, authorized Colonel Vernon to fdl the several Offices of Steward and Constable of the Honour and Caftk of Tuthury, and of Lieutenant of the Fofeft of Need-wood, and orher Offices and Commands thereto belonging; and that the Duke had also, by another Indeh-turc of the same Date, demised the Castle of Tuthury 2nd Appurtenances to Colonel Vernon, during the Remainder of a 'Perm of Ninety-nine Years: Colonel Vernon therefore promiles, that if he shall thereafter fell the said Offices and Premises, that he will give previous Notice thereof to the Duke, with the Preference of Disposal; the Duke paving as much for the same as shall be proffered by any other Person:

An Office Copy of a Grant, under the Duchy Seal, dated the 27th of February 1682; by which his Majesty granted the Offices comprised in the preceding Grant of the 17th March, 22d Caroli 2di, to hold to James Earl of Offory, during his Life, immediately after the Determination of the Estates then in being of the Duke of Ormond and Earl of Arran, in Trust, and for the Benefit of Colonel Vernon.

Then the Agent for the Petitioner laid before the Committee the before-mentioned Grant of the 20th November 1683, made between the King, of the one Part, and Colonel Vernon, Browne, and Boheme, of the other Parr t by which Colonel Vernon, in consideration of Five Shillings* and at the Desire and by the Procurement of Browne and Boheme, released to the King the said F'ort [of Sheerness] and all orher the Lands granted by Godfrey Meynell t<J Colonel Vernon, to hold the said Fort, Lands, and Premises, to the King, his Heirs and Successors; and the said Colonel Vernon, for the Considerations, and at the Desire and Procurement aforesaid, released to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Sum and Sums of Money as were due or owing to, or in anywise demandable by, the said Godfrey Meynell and Colonel Vernon from " the King, either in Law or Equity, or by Means of any Damage, Prejudice, or Loss, which either Meynell or Vernon had at any Time sustained upon the Premises; he (Colonel Vernon) having Power given him in that behalf by Meynell, by the said Deed of the 20th of October 1683.

They next produced an original Grant of Charles the Second, under the Duchy Seal, dated the 21st November*

1683; by which, in consideration of Seven thousand Pounds paid to his Majesty by Rupert Browne and Samuel Boheme, and of a Grant and Release by them procured to be made to his Majesty of the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the Land and Ground whereupon the Fort of Sheerness was built, and all Damages and Demands by reason* thereof; and also, in consideration of the yearly Rents and Covenants therein mentioned, on the Part of Browne and Boheme, and other good Considerations, granted to the said Browne and Boheme, the said Honour and Manor of Tuthury, Forest of Needwood, and the several Offices and Premises granted to the Duke of Ormond, and the Earls of Arran and Offory, for their Lives successively, together with several Manors and Lands therein tlientioned, and therein expressed to be demised to the several Per-(ons therein named, to hold to Browne and Boheme, and their Heirs, paying the several yearly Rents therein mentioned, amounting together to Five hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings, to the Receiver General of the Duchy, for the Time being; with a Covenant from Browne and Boheme to maintain One thousand Fallow Deer, at least, upon some Part of the Forest of Needwood; and to pay all Fees and other Charges payable to the Stewards and other Officers of the Premises. — *And, by Indorsement upon the Grant, it appears, that Livery of Scifirt was granted upon the 28th of January following.

Then the following Extrattfromthe Journal of the House of the 29th of February, 8° IVi/iielm the Third, was read; viz. " Upon the Petition of Mr. JRupert Browne it

" appeared

1 '/ Februarii

J. 1753,

Sheemcfs <c appeared tx> tlfr Committee, That cn the 21st Day cf Fortification* ct November, in the 31 ft Year of King Charles rhc.Second, %t a Grant pa Ted the Seal of the Duchy of Lnncnjler of 4< the Honour of 'Tutbury and Forest or Chace or Need-<c wood, and other Manors, Hands, and Royalties, there-<c in specified, to Rupert Browne Gentleman, in Trust, " for Colonel Eduard Vernon, in con side ration of Seven " thousand Pounds, -and of a Conveyance to his then Majesty of the Lands at Sheemcfs on which the Fort €t was built, and divers other Considerations in the Grants / " mentioned/'

Then the Deposition of CharneH Woolley, taken in the aforesaid Gause, was read; v\ho said. That after the Grant was passed in the Names of Browne and Bobems, in Trust, for Colonel Vernon, Browne purchased a Moiety of the Gtont from Vernon, in consideration of Seven thousand Pounds; and the Deponent had heard Browne say, that, when lie purchased the Moiety of the Grant, he supposed he purchased with it a Moiety of'Vernon's Services and Sufferings; which, the Deponent had heard, were a Part of the Consideration upon which the said Letters Patent were granted.

Then a Deed, dated the 7th of March 1683, was produced to vonr Committee, and appeared to be made between Browne and Boheme, of the First Parc; Colonel Vernon, of the Second Part; and Mr. Serjeant Birch, of the Third Part: Which witnessed, that Browne, Boheme, and Vernon, as well in performance of certain Agreements between them made, and to the Intent to settle all the Honours and Premises after-mentioned, in mannertherein CKpreffed, and in consideration of 5*. released all the Honours and Premises before granted to Browne and Boheme, by the said recited Grant of 21 hiovember .’683, to.hold to Sqijeant Birch'to the Uses following; viz* As concerning One Moiety thereof, to the U le of Browne and his Heir;s/; jind as concerning the other Moiety, to the Ule of Ser jeant Birch and his Heirs *, upon Trust, First, That cut of the Rents and Profits thereof, or by falling Wood, or making Leases or Sales of the fame, or by: Rich' Ways and Means as Serjeant Birch should think fit, to yaile and pay to Browne the Sum of 3,3001, with lawful IntJereft, for thei fame, to be accounted from the 4th of February then laflv and to.be; paid. on the jth-of August then next; which said Sum of 3,300l. it is mentioned in this Deed, Browne had ’actually, at the enfqaling thereof, lent to Coldnel I ernon, whole Trustee for the said Moiery Sesjeant Birch wfcs. — And after Payment of the' said-3,300./- , and Interest, then, in Trust, for Payment of the just Debts of Colonel Vernon, and after, in Trust, for Colonel Vefnon. and his Heirs, or such other Person or Persons, and*:for such Uses, as Vernon (liould, by any Writing under his Hand and Sea!, attested- as therein mentioned, appoint.- And there is a Covenant in this De^d, by which Colonel Vernon promises to pay to Brtnvne the said .3,3007. (and 99/. Interest, for the Forbearance thereof onsthe laid 5 th of August then next, without-any Abatement and by Indorsement on this Deed, figr.ed by' Browne and Vernon, it was agreed, that the same should extend only to the Honours and Premises granted-by-fits- Majesty to BroWne and Bohemeand-not to any I/e'ases, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, -which Colonel Vernon. was pofic fifed oft or had heretofore granted to him. There wax,then produced^ Bond,> dated the same jth Mciftch 1683',’from.Colonel Vernon to Browne, in the Penalty of !8,coo7/*t Condition for Performance of the Covenants in the./aid)Deed.

Then there was produced to your Committee an Indenture, dated the 8th of March 1683, being the Day after the Date of the latt-mnc rationed Deed; which Indenture: was executed between Rupert Browne, on the First Pm^mColond Verfien; of the Second Part; and James Vewcft' Esquire,yafterwards Secretary of State, of the Third Part: reciting, That. Browne and Colonel Vernal, with dthef Rcftoos; ftodd bound in several principal Sums, the Paytijcutersiidf which art therein specified; and amongst the rest, in-thtif\Joint rBondof die J20th of October dien

bft, to Goff, cy Meyrdl in Goo I. Condition for t?'e Payment ol 300l. and IntervPc; also another Joint Bond,* dated the *.th of Februa-y then I aft, ro D 6ft or IViTtm Tr Urn bell, for 2,000l. Condition for Payment of r,000/; arid Interest; and a Third Joint-Bond, dated the j 9th of the same February, to A hi gal l-Vhitwick, in 1 ,co: I. Condition for Payment of 500/ and Intejeft; amounting in the Whole to 3,81.0/.: And further reciting, That Browne had taken upon hims-lf all the fiicfDebts, and had agreed.’ to discharge Colonel Vemcn from <he Line; in respect-whereof, and for other Monies lent by B/bwne to Vernon ,1 he the said Vernon was I ecome Debtor to, and had given: Browne Security for 3,300l. principal Money: It was therefore witnessed, That Browne, as well in consideration of the Premises, and to the Intent and Purpose to indemnify Vernon from all the Debts above-mentioned, and the’ Perfo^is to whom the famtTwere owing, as also in conr fi deration of Ten Shilling, thereby demised, by ti e Appointment of Colonel Vernon to Mr. Secretary Vemcnf his Moiety of all the Premises comprised in the Grant of the 21st November then last, to hold to Mr. Secretary Vernon for a Term of Ninety-nine Years then next ei> suing; and the said indenture was declared by the Partie^ to be upon special Trust, to indemnify Colonel Vernon from all the Bonds and Debts before-mentioned, amounting to T the said 3,800l. and it was therefore agreed, that, in calc Browne should pay the said Debts and Interest, and indemnify Colonel Vemcn from aft Costs and Damages, in resptft thereof, then Mr. Secretary Vernon was to stand' possessed of the demised Premises, Tn Trust, for Browne tot attend the Inheritance; hut if Browne should not pay the said Debts and Interest, and indemnify Colonel Ver- non for the fame, then Mr. Secretary Vernon was to Hand* possessed of the Premises, in Trust, out of the Rents and Profits* or by Fall of Wood, or making Leases, to raised Money to pay the said Debts, Interest, and Damages; ant^ there is a Covenant from Browns to pay to the Persons^. therein named the several Sums aforesaid, amounting irv the Whole to 3,800l. and all Interest, Charges,. and’ Damages, with respect to the Premises, and to indemnify/ Colonel Vet non for the same; with a Covenant from; Browne, that-hc had not incumbered.

The aforesaid Deposition of Cham ell Woolley, taken iff the aforesaid Cause, was again produced, and read; wherein-he deposes, that he was present at the* House of the Chancellor of the Duchy, whm the said Grant to Browne and Boheme passed under the Duchy Seal; and that he remembered, at the same time, that there was ijoooo/. cr thereabouts, paid at the said ChanceilorVHouse* as Part of the 7,000l. Consideration-money-; and did believe it waS the proper'Money of the said Colonel Vernon, which he had borrowed of Browne and Do ft or Trim-ball for that Purpose, though'paid in Browner Name; which he believed might be bee.rule his Name was made use of in the Patent, in Trust, for Vernon; which he had heard Brownt and Boheme own and acknowledge.

And also the Deposition of Nathanael Till fan W3S read; who depofeth. That abouiChrifrmas 1683, upon Colonel Vernon*s desiring the Deponent to help him to what Money he could towards paying the Consideration-rhoney of the Grant, the Deponent procured for him of Mrs. Whitwuk 50 ol. and of one Mr. Thurbame ice/, more, for the Purpose aforesaid; and, as the Deponent remembered, Vernon and Browne entered into Bonds for Repayment of the fame, with Inmrcft; and Vcrr.cn gave the Witness Satisfaction for his Pains in procuring the Money.

Then the Agent for the Petitioner produced an Office Copy of a Decree, dated the 26th of February 160 3, made in a Cr.ufc wherein the then Attorney General, in behalf of his Majesty, was Infoimanr, and the fiiid Vernon, Browne, and Boheme, were Defendants; by which it appeared, that the said Attorney General, in ATchad-’ mas "Perm 1684, exhibited his Information in Chancery against the fiiid Parties, and thereby prayed, that the said Grant of the 21st of November 1683 might be delivered' up, and cancelled, and to stay Waite; and that the De-6 , 'fendants

16 Geo. II.

12° Februarii.

577

fcndants put in their Joint Plea to the said Information; by which they pleaded the said Grant, and infilled, that the Matters complained of ought to be examined only in the Duchy Court, and were not cognizable in Chancery; and that a Patent, being a Record, could not be vitiated or cancelled by a Decree on an English Bill; It further appeared, That the said Plea was, on the 16th of December following, over-ruled by the then Lord Keeper Guildford; and that ihe several Defendants afterwards put in their Answer to the said Bill, infilling upon the Validity of the said Paten*, and den)ing any Surprize or Over-value therein; and Verr.cn said, that after passing the Patent, he believed it ought be left by Browne at a Scrivener’s Shop^ in order t6 procure io,coo /. for Vernon on the Security thereof; but the same was not thought a sufficient Security; whereupon being disappointed, and Browne having advanced, and become bound with him for, several Sums, it was agreed between them, that Browne should become a Purchaser of a Moiety of the granted Premiles, and be tlifeharged from all Engagements he stood bound in for raising the said 7,occ/.; and it was further agreed, that Brotrne should lend Vernon 3,3:0/. on a Mortgagd of the other Moiety, and thereupon the said Conveyance’was made to Serjeant Bv cb: And 'Browne said. That he paid the 7,00c/. being his own proper Money, to Mr. Nathanael Curzon the Receiver of the Duchy, for his Majesty’s Ufc; for which he had Curzon s Receipt; and that, as well for the said 7,00c/. as also for the said 3,300l. he was a real Purchaser of the Premises; and Boheme laid, he was only a Servant to Brovsne^ and disclaimed all interest: Jt farther appeared, Thar the said Cause was heard on the 24th and 26th of February before the then Lord Chancellor, assisted by the Lord Chief Justice Jones and Lord Chief Baron Montague; when the Judges were clear of Opinion, that the Suit w as proper by English Bill, and that the Patent couid not be made void, by Scire Facias, or otfccrwife, at the Common Law; and that the Bib being to have a Remedy for his Majesty against a Fraud, Surprize, and Deceit (which their Li rdffirps declared was made out by Proof, and that the King was most grossly deceived and abused, as to the Value); and that therefore his Majesty ought to be relieved in that Court, or otherwise he would be remedylcfs, and foin a worse Condition that any of his Subjects in an Affair of this Nature: That the Chancellor concurring in Opinion with the Judges, and taking into his Consideration the excessive Over-value proved by divers Witnesses, and offered to be‘made good to his Majesty by the Surveyor, and the great Surprize and Deceit of his Majesty in the Premises, the unusual and speedy passing the Grant, and that no Consideration was paid rill after Direction given by his Majesty for refusing to receive the 7,000l. and flopping the Grant, and rill Direction was given for that Profecurion which was before Livery of Seisin of the Estate was made, his Lordship declared he was fully satisfied, that in this same his Majesty ought to be relieved; and that the* Grant ought to be set aside, and made void: Wherefore it was, on the said 26th of February 1685, ordered and decreed by the said Lord Jefferies, then I.ord Chancellor, That the said Letters Patent should be surrendered and delivered up by the Defendants, to the end the same might be cancelled and vacated; and that the Defendants should themselves, and also should procure the Parties in whom the Estatein Law was veiled, in Trust, for or from, by or under them, by virtue of the said Grant, to re-convey the Premises, and all their Interest therein, to his Majesty, as the Attorney General should direct: And it appearing (according to the Exprcfiion in the said Decree) that the Consideration, which his Majesty was to have paid or allowed for the Premises at Sheerness, was 400 /. and that his Majesty laid out and expended great Sums in building and making the Fort at Sheerness for the publick Benefit, Defence, and Security, of the Nation, it was further ordered. That the said 400l. with Interest from the Time of the Conveyance to his Majesty, should be repaid on his Majesty^ Behalf to the said Defendants- allowing and deducing Vol. 26.

such Sum as the Defendants, 6r any of themi had re- sheemefs ceived by or out of the Premises since the said Letters Fortification-; , Patents made by his Majesty, or which, in case no such Grant had been made, would have been payable to the Crown; the Account concerning which, Sir John Hofkiiis> one of the Matters in that Court, was directed to take:

Andit was further ordered, That his Majesty, his Heirt and Successors, should for ever hereafter hold and enjoy the said Fort and Premises at Sheerness against the Defendants, and all Persons claiming under them; and the Defendants were left at Liberty to make their Application to his Majesty for hi* Directions, in order to their receivingback the Money by them pretended to be paid to Sir Thomas Chickley and Mr. Curzon, or either of them.

Mr. Hammerflcy then informed the Committee, That he had diligently searched and examined the Books and Calendars in the Report Office, belonging to the Register s Office, in Chancery, for the Space of Thirty Years and

upwards next ensuing, immediately after the said Decree, but that he could not find, that any Report was made by the said Sir John Hofkins, or any other Master of the said Court, of any Account taken pursuant to the said Decree:

That in February 1686, Colonel Vernon died; having in his Will, dated ift June 1684 (the Probate whereof was produced to your Committee) taken Notice of the said Grant of 21st November 1683, and the Deed c-f 7th March 1683, and, agreeable to the Trusts of the Deeds, vested all his Ellntes real and personal, as weH the granted Estates, as the Estates in England and Ireland, in Trustees; in Trust, First, for the Payment of 3,300/, and Interest, mentioned in the said Deed of the 7th March, to Browne; then, for Payment of his own Debts and Legacies generally; and after Payment thereof, in Trust, for his Daughters Elizabeth and Mary, and their Issue, without Power of Alienation; Remainder to his Brother ’ John-Vernon, and his First and other Sons, in Tail Male, with Remainders over; and directed an Allowance of Sixty Pounds per Annum a-piece for his Daughters, till his Debts and Legacies were paid; and appointed Serjeant Birch, and Thotirai Vernon and Thomas Broughton Esquires, Trustees, and Executors of his Will, and Guardians of his Children.

Then a Codicil to the said Will, dated the 26th of March 1685, was read in the following Words; " My <c earnest Desire and Request is tomy Executors, and my *r Will is, that they do not obey that unjust Decree made a by the now Chancellor, to compel me to force my <c Trustees to assign over my just Rights and Grant of " the Honour of Tutbury and Forest of Needwood; not u doubting but the House of Lords, or some Chancellor " may be, that will do me Justice."

That it appeared by the Evidence of the ReverendDoftar Vernon, and by the Preamble to an Act of Parliament of the First of Queen Anne, and by an Affidavit made by the said Mary Vernon; since deceased, rn the Year 1724, that the said Elizabeth, the eldest Daughter of Colonel Vernon> died in her Father’s Life-time, very young, and without Issue; and that the said Mary the other Daughter, in 1685, being the Year before her Father’s Death, being then very young and consumptive, went, by the Advice of Physicians, into France, for the Recovery of her Health; where (he continued till 1701.

Then Letters of Administration were produced to your Committee, with the Will and Codicils of Colonel Vernon annexed, under the Seal of the Prerogative Court, dated the 23d of June 1732; by which itappeared, That the Widow and Executors renounced the Execution of his Will; and that thereupon Administration, with the said Will annexed, was granted to one Mark Brown; and, after his Death, to John Norman.\ and upon the said Norman's Death, to the Petitioner John Vernon.

Then the several Affidavits of 'Alice Holland, and John Moor, and Mary Vernon, made in the Year 1724, produced to the Committee by iVilliam Sharpe Esquire, one of the Clerks of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council* were read; whereby it appeared. That Rupert 7 H Browne

578 ti*

Shcemefe Browne, about Twenty-fou? Years before, was possessed fortification. of Highlings Park; and that Part thereof was then rented of him by Thomas Leake, as Tenant to Browne, at the yearly Rent of Eighty Pounds, which was paid to Browne; and that Leake continued Tenant to the same till about Thirteen Years then pad, about which timt Browne died; and that other Part thereof was by him let to Joseph Moore, at the yearly Rent of Thirty-five Pounds; and that no Satisfaction was made for the said Rents, fb received by Browne, to the said Mary Vernon.

Then the Affidavit of Elizabeth Plimer of ClorUarf, in Ireland, aged 87, taken before the Chancellor of the Exchequer there, was read;, who deposed, That Ihe had known the Manor and Lands of Clontarfhom her Infancy, having beert born, educated, and lived at Cion-tars ever since; and that her Grandfather and Father were Tenants to the said Vernon, Lord of the said Lands; whom lhe remembered very well, he being arrested, and in Custody, at the Suit of Browne:

That she knew Stephen Ludlow Esquire, formerly one of the Six Clerks in Chancery there, and George Warbur-ton Esquire, deceased, in the Possession of the Cattle of Clontarf, and the great House where the Speaker now lives, with all the Lands thereto belonging, for several Years; and that one Mr. Stowell was the Receiver of all the other Rents and Profits issuing out of the said Lands; which lhc heard, and believed, was on account of the said Rupert Browne; and that the said Estate and Lands were at that time worth about Seven hundred Pounds ' per Anuunti and now above One thousand Pounds per

Annum.

In order to prove, That Rupert Browne brought his Bill in Chancery against the Receiver General of the Duchy, and others, and obtained a Decree thereon for Repayment of the Seven thousand Pounds, which was the Consideration of the said Grant of the 31st November 1683.

Mr, Richard Guy, having previously informed the Committee, that he had made diligent Search at the proper Office in the Tower, and also amongst the Records in the Six Clerks Office in Chancery, for the Bill and Answers in the said Cause; but that the same are not to be found.

Produced a Decree in Chancery to your Committee, dated the 23d of February 16 8 6> made in a Cause between Rupert Browne Plaintiff, Sir John Curzon, Nathanael Curzon, the said Edward Vernon, and Samuel Boh me, and the then Attorney General, Defendants;, and between the said Rupert Browne, by Bill of Revivor, Plaintiff, the said Sir Nathanael Curzon, Executor of the said Sir John Curzon deceased, and Mark Browne, Administrator with the Will annexed of Colonel Vernon deceased, Defendants: By the Recitals in this Decree it appeared, That the Cause was heard on Bill and Answer; and that Rupert Browne, by his laid Bill dated, that in 1683, Colonel Vernon acquainted him, that his then Majesty’s Pleasure was to grant him the Honour of Tutbury, and other Lands, Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, in consideration of a Conveyance of the Ground or Soil whereon the Fort o(Sheemefs ttood, and of Seven Thousand Pounds to be paid, and of several Rents to be reserved: That he the Plaintiff agreed to pay the Seven thousand Pounds Consideratioa-money; and, upon patting the Grant, paid the same to Sir Nathanael Curzon the Receiver General of the Duchy, and took his Receipt for it y and afterwards paid him 68 /. 11 s. 9 id. in part of the Rent reserved upon the Patent, and had his Receipt for the fame, although he the Plaintiff never received One Farthing Profit out of the Premises: He then stated the Decree^of the 26thof February 1685 for vacating the said Grant; and that after the said Decree he had applied himself to the Defendants Sir John Curzon, and Nathanael Curzon his Son, who acted for his Father; desiring them to repay the said Seven thousand Pounds, and the 68/. 11 s. <)%d. for that the Grant was re-affum-ed; but that they, by Combination with the other Defendants, had refund to pay the fame;, and therefore he

prayed to be reKeyed in the P^enhifes: He then stated his Bill of Revivor, in which he had set forth, that SirJ^x Curzon died after answering, leaving Sir Nathanael Curzon his Executor; and that Colonel Vernon ttood in Contempt of a Serjeant at Arms, and died before he answered, having made his Will, and Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Broughton, and Thomas Vernon Esquire, Executors, who had renounced; and Administration, with the Will annexed, was granted to the Defendant Mark Brown: That Sir John and Sir Nathanael Curzon, by their Answer, as stated in this Decree, admitted the Receipt of the Seven thousand Pounds, and the 68 L 11 s. yid. and the Receipts given for the fame, which they were ready to pay; buc infilled upon deducing their Fees: — That the Attorney General, by his Answer, fubnaitted to the Judgment of the Court; as did also the Defendant Mark Brown, who admitted the Seven thousand Pounds, and the 68/. 11 x. 9id. to be the Defendant Vernons Money — Whereupon the Lord Chancellor, by this Decree, declared, That he conceived the Plaintiff ought to b^e paid the Seven thousand Pounds, and 68/. 11 s. 9id.\ but that there were no Fees due or payable to Sir Nathanael Curzon, the said Seven thousand Pounds being paid after Notice of his Majesty's Pieasure, that it should not be received, nor any Costs of Suit i And therefore decreed. That the said Sir Nathanael Curzon should forthwith pay the said Seven thousand Pounds, and 68 Z. nx. 9W. to the Plaintiff, without any Deduction of Fees or Costs of Suie; apd, upon the said Defendant’s Payment thereof, the Plaintiff was to deliver up to him the Receipt given to the Plaintiff'for the fame;. and Curzon was to be indemnified for fi> doing by that Decree.

To Ifiew the Repayment of the Seven thousand Pounds, the Journal of the House of the 29th of February, 8° William the Third, was read in the following Words: " That, in Trinity Term 1686, Mr.. Browne brought <c a Bill in Chancery against the then Attorney and " Receiver General for the Seven thousand Pounds Py£chafe-money, and the 68/. 11 s. yld. and obtained a M Decree for the fame; which was repaid accordingly and also Part of the Preamble to a private Adb of Parliament patted, in the same Year, intituled, An Act for " revetting in his Majesty the Honour of Tutbury, Forest " of Needwood, several Manors, Parks, Lands, Offices, <c and other Profits thereunto belonging; and for vacating cc certain Letters Patents therein mentioned " which is as follows: " And whereas, since the said Decree, the said " Sum of Seven thousand Pounds hath been repaid."

As to that Part of the Petition, which regards the Bill of Review, alleged to have been brought by Rupert Browne, upon the Accession of King William and Queen Mary, against the then Attorney General, for a Revculal of the said Decree of the 26th of February 1686^ and that no Answer was put in thereto by the Attorney General y

Mr. Guy further informed the Committee, That he had likewise made diligent Search in the Tower and Six Clerks Office, amongst the Chancery Records kept there, for the said Bill of Review; but that the same was not to be founcf; and that he was informed, by the proper Officers, at both the said Places, that they believed the said Bill of Review was loft.

Then the aforesaid Journal of the House, of the 29th of February, was read; as follows: u That Mr. Browne, " conceiving he was an innocent Purchaser, for a valuable " Consideration, and not privy to any undue Means used " in obtaining of the said Grant, was, by the said Decree, <€ to lose his Three thousand Three hundred Pounds, " with Interest thereof, and also all interest for the Seven c* thousand Pounds, and ail his Charges, and never re-<c ceived any Profit out of the Premiles upon their Ma-<c jellies Accession to the Crown, he brought a Bill of <c Review to reverse the said Decree; which is still de-c< pending, and to which he could never get an Arv-<f fwer."

Then the Agent for the Petitioner produced the aforesaid Acti of the 7th and 8th of William and Mary which

feta

G eo. II. 12° Februarii. 5^9

sets forth the said Letters Patent, of the 21st of November on hei; behalf, foHicited or acted therein; but had Ante sheemeis 3683 5 and that the Premiles therein contained were of an heard, and believed, that Rupert Browne (who, as (he be- Fortification, excessive Over-value beyond the Purchase-money 5 and lieved,toas entitled to a Moiety of the Honour of lutbury, that the said Grant was obtained by Surprize, and inDe- &V. by virtue of the Letters Patents in the said Act mention-ceit of the King, and was paired with unusual Haste and ed, or otherwise) obtained a Satisfaction for the said Seveii Dispatch; and that the said Letters Patent were, by De- thousand Pounds, Pari: of the Consideration-money there-cree in Chancery, directed to be surrendered and cancelled; in mentioned; and (he further said, That (he had not* nor and that, since the said Decree, the said Seven thousand any Person for her had; recived any Satisfaction from the Pounds had been repaid; but the Letters Patent were not Crown, or otherwise, for the Lands on which the Fort of surrendered: It therefore enads. That the said Letters Sheerness was built, or fot the Seven hundred and Fifty Patent should be made null and void from the time of Pounds paid by her Father to the Earl of Chesterfield for making, and the Premises vested in the Crown, as Part the Offices and Honour of Tutbury, or for the Profits of of the Duchy of Lancaster; and that all Grants, what- the Herbage and Pannage of Highlands Park, received by ever, made in either of the Reigns of King Charles the the said Rupert Browne since her Father’s Death, or for Second, or King James the Second, should be void, and the Money received by the Commissioners of the forfeited of none Effect, in relation to the Offices of Steward of the Estates in Ireland, during her Outlawry:

Honour of Tutbury, Constable of the Castle, Lieutenant or Also the Affidavit of Henry Vernon of Hilton, Esquire,

Ranger of the Forest or Chace of Needwood, and Keeperof deceased, madein the Year 172 j; who.deposed, That he the Parks, Lodges, and Wards, belonging to the said Forest was concerned for the Service of the Crown in preparing or Chace; and reciting, That Browne had a legal Security the said-Ad: That Colonel Vernon was then deadband on the Premises by a Mortgage for Three thousand Three his Heir Mrs. Mary Vernon absent (beyond the Seas, as he hundred Pounds, with Interest, from 4th February 1683, believed); and that no Person appeared for her at the time several Commissioners (and among the rest Henry Vernon of passing the Ad, so that her Rights and Claims were Esquire) were appointed by the Ad, after the 25 March not heard or considered, or any thing returned or allowed 1697,to set out, within the Forest of Needwood, Wood fuf- her upon the passing thereof; and that no Person appeared ficient to raiseand pay the said Three thousand Three hun- to oppose the Bill but Rupert Browne, in a manner to dred Pounds, with Interest, at 6 per Cent, without any Ac- make the most advantageous Terms fur himself, by a count for the same to his Majesty, or his Successors; but Clause which he obtained, to raise Three thousand Three with a Provil'o, That if his Majesty should, before the said hundred Pounds, with Inrereft, out of the Wood in heed-25th March 1697, pay the said Three thousand Three hun- wW Forest; which he affirmed Colonel Vernon owed tired Pounds, and Interest, to Browne, that then the Com- him, and had mortgaged the Premises to him foT’ the missioners should not appoint any Wood fallen, or to be fame, and for which he had also another Security upon fallen for that Purpose; but upon Payment of the Three Colonel Vernon\ Estate at Clontarf in Ireland; which, by thousand Three hundred Pounds, and Interest, by his a Clause in the Act, after Payment of the said Sumj he Majesty, all Securities whatsoever, real or personal (but was to assign to the King, his Heirs or Successors, or to without particularizing the fame) which Browne had for such Person as he or they, under their Sign Manuel, should the Payment of the said Money from Colonel Vernon, appoint: That, after the Demands of the said Rupert -ivere to be assigned to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, Browne were faiisfied out of the Forest Wood, he delayed or to such Person or Persons as, under his or their Sign the assigning the Security upon Clontarf \ often affirming Manual, should be appointed. it was of little or no Value, with a Design/as the De-

Then the Agent for the Petitioner produced to the ponent believed, for a favourable Opportunity to convert Committee the Petition of Rupert Browne, presented to the it to his own Life* which would deprive the Colonel's House the 14th Day of February 1695, against the said Heir and Posterity of the Favour of the Crown therein jecited Act; setting forth, " That the Petitioner having for his great Services and Sufferings.

not only great Sums of Money due and owing to him, To prove the Outlawry and Attainder of the said Mary,

and legally secured by and under the said Letters Pa- Vernon, and the subsequent Reversal thereof, an Act of 4( tents, but several Estates and other Demands upon the Parliament, of the First of Queen Anne, was produced,

€C Premises: And therefore praying to be heard, by his for the Relief of the said Mary Vernon, with relation to the " Counsel, against the said Bill." forfeited Eltaces in Ireland; which sets forth, That the said

Then Part of the Report upon the said Petition was Mary Vernon, the foie Daughter and Heir of Colonel Ver~ read, in the following Words: non, being very young and conlbmptive, in 1685 went,

" That, upon the Whole, Mr. Browne o^oies not the by Advice of Physicians, into France, for Recovery of u passing of this Bill; but hopes, that, if the House shall her Health, and continued there during the late War be-‘c think fit to pass it, Provision will be made for him, that tween the Two Kingdoms; and though (he never was in u he may be repaid his Three thousand Three hundred Ireland, yet was outlawed and attainted there of foreign u Pounds, with Interest for the fame; and also Interest Treason, while (he resided in France; and the same being u for the Seven thousand Pounds betwixt November 1683 confirmed by Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland, all her if and February 1686, when the same was repaid; and his Estates real and personal became forfeited; and by virtue

" Charges at Law: All which he submits to the Confi- of an Act of Parliament, made in the nth and 12th of " deration of the House." King William the Third, for granting an Aid to his Ma-

And it does not appear by the Journals of the House, jesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates in Ireland,

That any Person opposed the said Bill but Rupert Browne, vested in the Trustees therein named, it is therefore To prove that the Heirs of the deceased Colonel Vernon enacted, Thac all the Outlawries and Attainders against the were, at the time of passing the above recited Act, in- said Mary Vernon in Ireland should be reversed; and (he capable of making any Application to be heard against the was thereby enabled, before the 1 ft of August 1702, to en-fame for the Saving of the Rights; and that no Person ter her Claim before the Trustees to the Estates forfeited was heard against the fame, except the said Mr. Browne; by her Attainder; but (he was not to be restored there-the Affidavit of Mary Vernon deceased, Daughter of the by to any Rents and Profits of the Lands to be by her said Colonel Vernon, was produced to your Committee, claimed before an Adjudication; with a Saving to John and read, dated the 30th of June 1724; who deposed, Vernon Merchant, Son and Heir and Administrator of That her Father died in 1686, and at the time of passing John Vernon late of Clontarf, Esquire, and to all other the said Act, and for a considerable time before, (he was Persons, other than the Trustees and her Majesty, in re-

beyond the Seas, and did not return to England till about spedt to the said Outlawry and Attainder, of all Rights,

1701; and further laid, That, at the time of passing the interests. Rents, or other Profits, of the Estates to be said Act, no Person, to the bell of her Remembrance, claimed by the said Mary Vernon; which they had at the

was employed by her to sollicit or take Care of her Interest time of the making the said Act.

at the passing thereof, nor did (he know that any Person* And to shew, that the Commissioners for the forfeited Vol. 26. 13 Estates

5*°

i 2° Februarii.

A. 1753.

Foniiication. ^at€S *n Intend received several Slims out of the Inflates f. ’ of the said Mary Vernon m that Kingdom, during her At-

tainder and Outlawry, an Affidavit of- William MCaufland, sworn before Mr. Baron Dawson, in Ireland, verifying an Account prefixed thereto, extracted from the Office of the 1688 Forfeitures, kept at the Guftom-house Dublin, was read; by which it appears, That there was received to the Use of the said Commissioners, from the Manor of Clontarfj and other the Estates of the said Mary Vernon in that Kingdom, from the ill of November 1699, to the ift of May 1703? several Sums amounting together to 1^890/. 5/.

The Reverend Doctor. Vernon, then informed your Committee, That the said Mary Vernon died in the Year 1729, without Issue; and that John Vemon^iht Brother, and next Devisee in Remainder in the Will of Colonel Vernon died many Years since, leaving the "Reverend Edward Vernon Clerk, his only Son, wdaohisnajfo since dead; an.d that the said Edward Vernon left only Two Sons*' viz. John Vernon the Petitioner, and the Witness; and that the Petitioner is the ddeft Son of the said Edward Vernon.

The Committee then proceeded to read several Petitions, and Orders in Council, produced by William Sharpe Esquke; viz. A Petition preferred in the Month of April *724 to his then Majesty in Council, in the Names of the said Mary Vernon and the Petitioner; stating the said Grant and the subsequent Decree, and Act for vacating fhefame; and that, at the time of passing the said Act, Colonel Vernon was dead, and the Petitioner Mary beyond Sea, and had no Person'to ^represent or sollicit her own or Family ’s Interest to Hie Parliament9' To that no Provision was made thereby either for her Portion of Three thousand Pounds, or Sixty Pounds per Annum Mainte^ hancecharged on the Premises, or any Recompence for the Land whereon Sheerness Fort was built, though the same was-expressly mentioned rn the Letters Patent as Part, and was actually Part, of the Consideration thereof, as well as Seven thousand Pounds paid;, and iftating Colonel Vernon's Bond in the Eight thousand Pounds Penalty to Browm, and that he had obtained Judgment-thereon, and had since, pursuant to the Clause in the Act of the 7th and Sth of; King William, assigned the same (as alleged pursuant to his Majesty's Sign Manual, dated the 13th July 1717) to Sir John Fryerj but infilling, that the Intention of the Act, in directing the Securities to be assigne^l for the Use of the Crown, was only to prevent Browne's making an ill Use of them afeer his Debt was paid; and that all the Money due on the said Judgment had been satisfied in the said Browne's Life-time: And praying his Majesty’s Directions for recalling the said Sign Manual, and further Directions for securing the Petitioners and their Estates from any Prosecution on the said Bond and Judgment.

Then an Order in Council, of the 6th of April 1724, was read; by which his Majesty referred the said Petition to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to examine the fame, and to report to his Majesty, at that Board, what was proper to be done therein. — Then,

A further Order in Council, of the 3 ift of May 1726; by which his Majesty referred the Reports, which had been made pursuant to the former Reference, and the Petitions relating thereto, to a Committee of the Privy Council, to examine into the fame, and to report their Opinion to his Majesty.

Then another Petition, presented to his Majesty in December *750, in the Name of the present Petitioner, bating the former Petition, and Proceedings thereon; and that before any Hearing had, pursuant to the said Order of the 31st of May 1726, his late Majesty died, and the , laid Mary Vernon also died in 1729, whereby the Proceedings before the Council abated; and that the Petitioner, having thereupon gone over to Ireland to get into Possession of Colonel Vernon's Estates there, which came to him by the Death of the said Mary Vernon, had ever since been engaged in Law Suits in that Kingdom relating thereto, and an ill State of Health which had detained him from ap-

proaching the royal Presence, for a Revival of the former Reference in his own Name and Right: Therefore, in consideration of the great Services and Sufferings, and of several other equitable and just Demands on account of the former Estates and Interests of Colonel Vernon, then devolved on the Petitioner, and which he hoped fully to prove, he prayed. That the former Reference and Proceedings might be revived in his Name and Right.

Then another Order of Council thereupon, of 6th December 1750, was read; by which it was ordered, That the said Order of the 3 1 ft of May 17 26 should be revived 5 and the fame, together with the said Petition, was thereby referred to a Committee of the Privy Council, to examine into and report a State of the same to his Majesty* with their Opinion thereon.

And by the aforefakl Papers from the Board of Ordnance, Copies whereof are annexed as aforesaid, it appeared, That the Petitioner hath lately laid a further Repre-fentation of his former Claims and Demands, in respect of the Fort and Lands of Sheerness, before £he Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury which their Lordships, by Order of the 15th January 1752, referred to the Board of Ordnance for their Report thereupon. -, .

Appendix, N° 1. '

Office of Ordnance, My Lards, . v 14 November 1752.

Mr. Secretary WestLaving by Letter of the i$th Jar mtaiy la ft,. by your Lardffiips Order, transmitted to m s the Petition and same of Captain John Verncji^Devifte of Colonel Edward Vernon deceased, together with, his Me* morial to your Lordships; " relating to:hiaobtaining a " Satisfaction from the Crown for the Fori of Sheerness^ C£ and 40 Acres of Land whereon the said Font fiends, and " included within the Fortifications thereofi which were w formerly seized by KingCharles the Second* and forth-tc< fied for the publick' Benefit, and afterwards retained in :‘c the Hands of the Crqwn, as alleged, without any Con^ M sideration having been paid for the fame* a^id signir " fying your Lordffirps Ptea&re, that wc report to your <c Lordships whether, upon inspecti'ng and examining io-w to the Books of this Office, any Transaction appears <c therein relative to the Conveyance or Purchase ofjche Cf said port and Lands, it* the said Petition and same merr-ct tioned; and whether any Sum or Sums of Money, Or *e any other Satisfaction whatsoever, hath been paid or " made by the Crown or Publick to the said Colbrcel <c Vernon, or any other Person, for the said Fort and " Lands in* Sheerness., or for Damages in nefpeft thereof."

We have, my Lords, caused all the Books in our Office to be examined with the utmost Care, and find an Order of his Majesty King Charles the Second, in Council, dated the 15th August 1666, directing the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance to cause Sheerness to be well fortified: A Copy of which is annexed, N° 1.

We likewise find an Entry, on 9th February i68f, of the Demands of Godfrey Meynell Esquire for 15 Years Rent of 40 Acres of his Land taken in for the Use of the Fort, as also for Damages which he had suffered in respect thereof; which Demands were referred to Sir Bernard De Gomme Chief Engineer, to consider of, and report to the Master General of the Ordnance: A Copy of which Demands is annexed, N° 2.

On the ift July 1682, Sir Bernard De Gomme reported to the Right Honourable Colonel George Legge, Master General of the Ordnance, on the Demands of the said Godfrey Meynell Esquire; wherein he admits, that 23 Acres of Frelh Marsh Land are made use of for the Building the Fortifications upon, and that 17 Acres of Sale Marsh and Beach, upon Part whereof the Fort is built, have been made use of for his Majesty’s Service; and gives his Opinion of the yearly Value of the fame, as also of the Damages alleged to be sustained by the said Meynell in his Demands: A Copy of which Report is annexed, N° 3.

Mr.

16 Geo. II.

12° Febfuarii

Mr. Meynell, not approving of Sir Bernard de Gonwie’s Report and Valuations, replied thereto, and formed an Account; whereby he made the mean Profits, Damages, and Value for the Purchase of the said Lands, amount to 2,331 /. as in the Copy thereof annexed, N° 4.

On the 8th March i68-JV the Board re-examined the State of the same of Godfrey Meynell Esquire, given by them to the Matter General, touching the said Meynells Demands for his Lands whereon his Majesty's Fort is built at Sheerness', and reported to the Matter General, that they could make no Alteration therein, except as mentioned in the Account thereto annexed, and which makes the Total of the mean Profits, Damages, and Value of the Purchase, amount to but 459 /, 15 s. o d.\ A Copy of which Reporr and Account is annexed, N° 5.

We do not find after these Disputes, by any Entries in our Books, any thing relative to the Transactions touching the Conveyance or Purchase in the Petition and Tetter of Reference mentioned; nor doth it appear to us, that any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Satisfaction whut-soever, hath been made or paid through this Office, either by the Crown or Publick, either to Godfrey Meynell, or to the said Colonel Fenton, in the Petition mentioned, or to any other Person, for the said Fort and 40 Acres of Land therein mentioned, or in respect of Damages relative thereto; but this Office hath, ever ftnee the 8th March 168% remr.ined in an uninterrupted, quicr, and peaceable Possession thereof:

All which is humbly submitted by.

My Lords,

‘ Your Lordfiiips

Mott obedient and most humble Servants,

J. L. Ligonier, Charles Frederick, IV. R. Earley

Right Honourable Ix>rds Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

XT*"1 ‘ ‘

N* v

At the Court at Whitehall, the 15th August 1666, Present,. k

The King’s Most Excellent Majesty,

i -

Lord Bishop of London,

Lord Arlington,

Lord Berkeley,

Lord Hollis,

Lord Ashley,

Mr. Vice Chamberlain, , Mr. Secretary Morice,. :j

Mr. Chancellor of the Du$!jyt

Lord Chancellor,

Lord Treasurer,

Lord Privy Seal,

Earl of Of 'ory,

Earl of Berkshire,

Earl of Craven,

Earl of Lauderdaile,

Earl of Middleton,:

Sir William Coventry,

It was this Day oVdered, by his Majesty in Council, That the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance do give Order, and take care, that;:the great Gyuns belonging to Upnor Castle, in the County of Kent, be forthwith removed to Sheerness \ and that they cause that Place to be well fortified, and a little Redoubt there also to be made; and‘further the said Commissioners and Officers are required to cause LandguarJ fort to be repaired, where Need require^, and to provide and fend Lime and Bfick. from Grqvejend\ or elsewhere, for both Places, with^eceffiuj Materials and Tools; and that a Battery be there raised, and a Redoubt at Landguard Fort aforesaid,' in such manner as shall be thought bed for Defence apcLSccurjiy cf thrsaid respective Places.

Richard Browne.

N° 2.

1 t

The Demands of Godfrey Meynell Esquire, touching the Damages in his Lands concerning his Majesty’s Fort at Sheerness.

Imprimis, For the Rent of his Land that is taken in for the Ule of the Fort, containing 40 Acres, which at 20s. per Acre, as it has formerly been set, comes to 40/. per Annum; which, being 13 Years ftnee, comes to tool, besides the great Benefit Mr. Meynell might have made by building Houses to have laid the Lands,.and for Entertainment for Passengers on the River, if the Fort had not been there; also towards Repair of the Sea Vol. 26.

Walls against Mr. Meynell s other Lands, which he for- $beerne£ merly repaired, and kept m Repair yearly, at a final! Fortification. Charge; but since the btfrldirrg of this Fort, a High- way hath been made all along the said Wall, so that now it costs yearly a far greater Sum in repairing, and hath cott the said Mr. Meynell more by 15/. per Annum at lead, than it did before; which, in Fifteen Years, comes to 22 5/. ‘

And will cost at feast roo/. to repair at this present time; also the cutting of Sods or Turfs destroys the"

Out-Grass, Hillock. Places,* called The Salts, which lie betwixt the Wall and the Sea, and breaks off the Waves from the Wall, to Mr. Meynell* Damage 200l.

Also his Cattle that went in his Ground adjoining to the said Fort, before the erfccting thereof,' were neither disturbed nor stolen; which since hath been to his Damage yearly at 50/. which, in 15 Years, comes to 750/.

And, foj the same Reasons, his Lands will continually be the work by 30 /. per Annum to be let.

; j.

To the Right Honourable Colonel George Legge, Matter General of his Majesty’s Ordnance.

In Obedience to your Honour’s Order of the 9th February last pad, couching the Demands of Godfrey Meynell Esquire for some Lands made use of ar his Majesty’s Fore at Sheerness; it is humbly signified to your Honour.

1. To the Pretence made by Mr. Meynell, that 40 Acres of Land are taken in for the Use of the Fort, it is acknowledged, that 23 Acres of fresh Marsh Land are made use of for the building the Fortifications upon:

And, whereas he demands 20 s. an Acre, it is judged worth but 10 s. an Ac 10 per Annum, by one Mr. Thomas Jarvis of Upchurch, in Kent, a Maxwell knowing in such Affairs, and the Personthat valued Mr. Meynell* Father’s Estate there.

2. As to the Highway, alleged to be made over the

Sea Wall, it is acknowledged, that the People both of the Garrison and Navy did make this an tffuaLFaflage to the Fort; but, it is conceived, without any Detriment to Mr. Meynell, who was not the then Occupant of the said Lands, the same being let by Lease ;to. one Mr. Thomas Fryer for 10 Years time, to be reckoned from the Beginning of the building the said Fort; who had an Order from his Majesty and Council, directed to the Lord Treasurer then in being, to be paid Consideration for the 10 Years Damage. , j

3. It is agknowleged, that 17 Acres of Salt Marsh>and Beach, upon Part whereof the Fort is built, have been madq, ufi^-of for his Majesty’s Service \ which, in the Opinion of Mr. Jarvis, is worth but 12 d. an Acre per*

Annum. ,.

4. It is ackngwJege&:ithat Two. Acres of Salt Marsh were made use of JQ, >cttf/turf the last Year for mending and repairing the; Parapets/ for which there was 40 s. allowed, according ;cpi>cher.Value of the before-named Mr. Jarvis; and that the same is let but for iid. an Acre per Annum* [Al jrjtr r -

5. As _ta_the pretended Damage of his Cattle being stolen, by reason of building the Fort, it is absolutely denied; for it doth not in the lead appear to me, that any Theft hath, by mows of the Garrisons, been committed; but that rather it hath been an Occasion of their Prefer-' vatjp/l. . 1

60 Whereas Mr. Meynell allegcth, that his Lands are made worse by building the Fcrc, it is humbly conceived; that he is,under a Mistake; in regard this hath been no Diminution of the yearly Value, but rather, on the contrary, in Means and Occasions of raising the Rent and Value, and letting the Lands the better.

7. That his Majesty hath been at the Charge of 7,600l. as may appear by several Bills paid in the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance, for repairing and securing not only 1,100 Feet in Length of the Sea Bank towards Minster and the Fort, but, also of all Mr. Meynell s Lands; which was formerly a very great and considerable Charge to the 7 I Lord

58*

iz° Februarii.

j-17531

Shecrncf* Lord of the Manor to preserve the same from the Rage tonification, arid lnlindation of the Sea, as appears by the many old Piles and Stakes without the said Banks, to break off the Waves.

ift July 1682-. Ber. it Gomms.

N* 4;

The Answer of Godfrey Meynell Esquire, to a Report made touching his Demands at- Sheemefs Fort; viz.

Whereas it is reported, That the 23 Acres of fresh Marsh Land, at the time of erecting the Fort, was worth but 10;, per Acre, and 20 Years Purchase $ the same was very well worth 20/. per Acre, and 20 Years Purchase; Lands in Kent (without Stru&ures thereon to be a Charge in Repairs) then felling for 22 and 23 Years Purchase; at which £. s. d. the same amounts to - - 460 o 6

For the First 12 Years Rent of 16 Years Rent, due at Michaelmas 8a, at 20/. per Acre, amounts to - - - 276 o o

For the other Four Years (since the Rents of Lands and Interest of Monies fell) at 15s. per Acre, comes to - - 69 o o

As to the Sea Walls, 151, per Annum towards Repairs is very reasonable, as may appear by Mr. Meynell*s annual Disbursements of what the Charge was before the Fort was built, arid what it is since; which, for 16 Years, comes to - 240 o o

And it cost 100l. and upwards the last Summer" to repair the Sea Wall between the Fort and ^ueenborough - - 106 o o'

And will cost at least 60/. more this

Year - - - - 60 o o

As to the other 17 Acres of Land the Fort was built on, the same were of equal Benefit to Mr. Meynell, the Beach on that Side of the Fort towards Minstery being a great Preservation to the Sea Walls on Minster Side, which was taken away for the Use of the Fort; for which Lands 10Si pi)' Acre is Very reasonable 170* & o And for the 16 Years Rent for the fame, at 105. per Acre, comes td - - ' 136 o o;

As to the Two Acres of Salt Marsh where the Turf was cut, for which 40/. is proffered, it is at least 20/. Prejudice to Mr. Meynellr being the only Bulwark for Defence of the Sea from the Wall - 20 o o

As to the Damage to his Cattle, it canftot

be ltfs than his Demands, by reason -

great Quantities have been stolen andr' r 1 r; spoiled, and forrie Part thereof discoVer^ ed to be taken by the Soldiers; and if i any InvaGori happens, all the Stock in . those Marshes are taken away, it being a Landing-place where before were none1

..... . i i;j, -- —

2,331 6 0

our Report made to your Lordlhlp from this Board, bearing Dace the 1 ft of July last, the Particulars of which are hereunto annexed, we cannot find any Alteration can be made in any of the said Particulars; excepting only, that the 23 Acres of Marsh Land, formerly represented to your Lorcship to be worth but 17 Years Purchase, have; upon strict Enquiry since made, found the same may be worth 20 Years Purchase, but not worth any more than lot, per Acre per Annum at the utmost, we being very well satisfied, that is the known, usual, and customary Rate for the fame; and as for the Seventeen Acres of Salt Marsh or Beach, we are likewise, upon Examination, satisfied the same is worth 20 Years Purchase, but no mote than 12 d. per Acre per Annum, according to our former Report; and we cannot conceive it reasonable to make any Allowance of Interest demanded, in regard there is the full Allowance of the 20 Years Purchase, making in all the Sum of 459 /. 15 s. o d. according to the Particular* annexed; but for the Loss of Cattle, alleged to be ftolcll and taken away off the Land there, by some of the Soldiers, we cannot but look upon it a Reproach to his Majesty’s Garrison, since nothing of that Nature ever appear* to be proved against them; besides, if ever such Offence hath been committed, we cannot imagine his Majesty liable to make good the Loss, the Law being open to the said Mr* Meynell to recover his Damages of the Offenders; all which is nevertheless submitted to your Lord ship’s Com fideratioil and Determination.

March the 8ch i68f. The Substance of the Report givep. by the Board to the Honourable Colonel Legge, touching Mr. Meynell'% Lands whereon the Fort of Shcerntfs is built, and his Damages by that Means.

That the 23 Acres of Marsh Land is not £* t. i* worth above 10/. per Acre, and 17 Years Purchase; which comes to but - 1.95 to O

That it is reasonable the King should allow j 5 Years Rent for, the same at that Rate; if Mr. Meynell\ or Mr. Frazt who was Tenant to the Lands, have not had an Allowance already; comes to ----- 150 or

That it is reasonable fb I should be allowed for the Damage of the Sea Wall for 15 Years, if nothing was allowed Mr.

Breezy pursuant to his Majesty’s Order of Council to my Lord Treasurer for /} "

that Pumofe - - - - 50 6 of

That the'Purthafe of 17 Acres of Salt Marsh or Beach, 12 d. per Acre ftr Annum, arid ao Years Purchase, is sufficient - - -- t *- ~ *7 0 dr

For 15 Years Rent for the fame, at the

fkmt Rate, comeS to - - - il ij o;

total

to 20 Years Purchase,1 is: »-

Together making

And, for the same Reasons, his Grounds will continually be the worse by 50/. per Annum to let.

As to the 7,000l. suggested to be laid out by the King, it was for the Benefit of the Fort, and no Advantage to Mr. Meynell.

Notey 201. per Acre was paid for the 60 Acres, whilst the Fort was erecting.

N* 5.

My Lord,

In pursuance of your Lordship*s further Commands for re-examining the State of the same of Godfrey Meynell Esquire, touching his Demands for his Lands whefeon his Majesty’s Fort is built at Sheerness, we do humbly return to your Lordship, That upon inspecting the fame, and

- 415 5 .<*

r- d -

- 34 10 0

459 *5 0

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table/

A Petition of Valentine Knigfrtley Esquire, in behalf of Hinton himself, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of the Incloore* comrnon, open, and arable Fields, Meadows, and waste Grounds; in the Hamlet of Hinton, in the Parish of Woodford cum Membris, io the County of Northampton, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Coilfent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fir.

Then the1 said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of

Hinton

fcppljr.

Wiysaad

MtUI.

fcghlcy

through

Bingley

Roftdi.

26 Geo.

Februariu

11 13°

Hinton aforesaid, and is felfed and possessed of great Part of the Lands’and Grounds lying in the said open and common Fields; and Angel Knight ley Widow, John Shipt^n,

Thomas Daniel, Edward Checkley, Richard Cheeky, John Daniels Joseph Cox, William Dumb.eton, Millicent Smith, land divers ochct4 Persons, are seised and possessed'of the rest of th6 Lands in the said common Fields; and that the said Lands lie intermixed and dispersed, in fmaft Parcels, over the said Fields, and are inconveniently fuuated in respect to the Habitations of the several Occupiers thereof, and thereby incapable of improvement; and that Akgel Knight ley W idow is intitled to all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, arising within the said open and common Fields, and Edward Derby Vicar of foe Paufh And Parish Church*of Woodford with Hinton aforesaid, is infilled, as Vicar, to all other Tyches and ecekfiastical 'Duties arising within the said Hamlet; and that the Prr-fons interested are desirous chat the said Lands and Grounds ttiay be divided and inclosed; and that specifick Shares and Parts thereof may be assigned to each. Proprietor according to hh respective Property therein; and chat a Recom pence should be mai.-'e to the said Angel Knight ley And Edward Derby in lieu of their Tythes; but that although such D’rvision and Inclosure will.greatly tend to the Advantage of the Parties concerned, and be of pub- Lord George Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendish^ lick Utility, yet the same cannot be effectually established Lenis, Mr. Kent, Sir William Calvert; and all the ? Without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore bers who serve for the Counties of York, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inefofing the said common Fields* and for titaking a ftecompence to the said Angel Knightly and Edward Derby, in lieu of their Tythes, in such manner As to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac--tording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Kynaften, and Sir Walter flagstaff Bagot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring iri a Bill for erecting a sufficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-houses in the said several Roads, and building a Bridge over the River IVharf at Pool aforesaid, and fof levying a Toll or Tolls upon the fame; and that with th-Q Money arising therefrom the said several Roads may be repaired, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it Is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Harding*, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nea'e. Sir John Cust, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Gore, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Gage, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hale, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay,> Mr. Thornhagk, Mr. Townshend, Mr. FeU lowet, Mr. Williams, Mr. Salusbury, Mr Turner, Mr Nefw*ikani, Sir William Ti nge, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Holmes, Mr Chdmondelcy, Lord Downe, Mr. Bold, Lord Strange, Mr. Daijione3 Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Lascelles junior, Mr. li ilkinfon, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Lane, Mr. Arundc, Mr. Clayton, Sir Waller Blacket, Mr. Martin,

" Mr. Mem-Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoriand, and Lancaster: And they art to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have PoWer to fend for Personi, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day bring read;

Resolved, That this House will, uponIVednesday Morp-

ing‘ rfcxu resolve itfrif into a Committee of the whole Tloofe, to consider further of the Supply granted to Itjs Majesty. "'

Rejdlved, That this House will, upon this Day-Sevcb-ftight, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways surd Means for raffing* the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tiy TO^tBdrrow , Monying* Nine of the Clock. . t

-C1----- I — J -

Mar tit, 13° Feiruarii 5

Anno a6V Georgii II? jRegisi 'PnAYEkir.

... J ..

C

Df..‘ ..:u

:r>*15:.:

:;W

r.k

nts,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Keighley to -Owners and Occupiers of Lands,’ lying near and confi- Kirlcby guous to the Road leading from the Totvn of Keigh'ey, KendalRol4 in the West Riding of the County of York, to Ki. kby kenddll iti die County of IVejhsnorland, and of the Mayor,

Recorder, ‘Aldermen, and3 Bikgefies, of Rirkby Kendal ‘dfoffcfard,* £rtd also of the Pilerchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country, was pre-: fenced to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road is become very ruinous,’and at all rirries of the Year almost' iimpaffable; and that all, or the greatest Tart, of the several Towns and Villages, through whidi the said Road lies, having other cross Roads to repair, foe ‘said R’oad* to kirkfy Kenttil canrjot be

effectually amended, and kepe: in good impair," by rlie ^ordinary Oburfe appointed‘by Law; and aliegitig, "That the said Roads might HfcftualPy amended^ and kept in Repair, in case competent T<jH$:3tk1 Tiutits were granted, and prb|ierly"eollecfW kiid*applied, fot repahnrig -thereof; and that the amehding of the lata Road would steud tOPthe facilitating afld improving of the Tracjc

and C^iri^ehcei and lFfe:p^idk'Ease fod’Benefit'prfofic Country: _ A:nd therefore* TKa^v tfeaycj: djay be

glvei^ to bring ttPA ^ifl, for the bettet and foafe e^ffeffual -amending; iwidehing, *’amf teeping^in Repair, tH^’.'R'Oad

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, C^r^T t 4

radefinen, and others, refi^d if) and near 3fr-om ffidghky /\i> th& WestuLiding of the County of York^ the Towns of Bradford, Halifax,' KigEleyfthiigley, Fior* 'to 'Kirk^ KoHdal} Chuttcy of Westmorldnd1.

ton, Ecclesall% Poole, and Leath Iey^ in the Wnff Rjding That the said PeHttdh be referred \o che CoA-

bf the County of Tprk, whose Names are foe.^ifoedjub- ctf a Committee: And that they'dd-examine

feribed; was -prtfented to the House, and re^cf; /fridrig ^the- NlAttef thereof? and repott tht fatite, as^tt^stall kp-ferrh^ Thaj the several Highways leading from cJkTown pear to them, to the Houses *:r:!:^ of Ktgbiey aforeiaicl, through Bingley and BfadJor</,. and And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Gwynn% over Dudley Hill and Wisket Hill, and througH'Af dwalton, Me. Neale, - Mr. Boavilk, $\r John Cujl, Mr. Kymfion, to Wakefield, in the County of York, and -tiiej’High'way Mr./ Sydenham, tAx. Lyjler, bir h rap as Drake, Sir leading from KigbUy aforesaid to Halifax^zndUkaUndj, In Francis Poole* Mr. J^wv/betyd, Mr. iyil!difony Mr.'Or-the said County} and also the Highway leading from mschqel, Mr. Charlton, Lotd GeorCavendish, Mr. Hard-

Dudley Hill, riuough Ecclesall, Pool, and Town of Leatblty, to the South Welt Corner of Harrow gate In-dofures, towards Knarejbcrough, in tho laid West Riding of the County of York\ are not only so narrow, in many Places that Carriages Cannot pass each other, but are become 1o deep nnd ruinous, that, in the Winter and rainy Srafons, many Parcs of such Roads are impassable, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law: And Vol. 26.

Inge, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hey, Air- West, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. II if on, Mr. Compton f Mr. Tracy, Lord Strang*, Mn Barker, Mr. SoHhwell, Lord Dupplin, Mrs Bdd, Mr. 7bornhagtj, Mr. Hnle^ Cojonel Cwnvwhis, ford Barrington, Mr. Myddleton, Admiral Bynge, Mr. Richards, Mr Newnham, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Prowse, Sh-Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Lascelles, A.^r. Pjt/s^ , Mr, Thornton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Arundel, Loid Egmont, Mr, Townshend, Mr.

7 Lane,

V

584

V^Pebruarii.

A.

*753*

Lane, Mr. Mar tiny Sir Walter Blacket, Lord Downe, Mr. Dalftone, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dowdesweiland all the Members who serve for the Counties of TW, Durham, C#/«-berland, Northumberland, Westmorland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Com Bounty. A Petition of the Merchants or Exporters of Corn, from the City of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, in order to be exported at the Port of G^?*/ Yarmouth, in the said County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Provisions made by several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Malt and Corn and alleging, That the Petitioners have bought and exported from . the said Port of Great Yarmouth great Quantities of Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Malt; and that in shipping and exporting the fame, they have strictly observed the Directions and Intentions of the said Acts; but have not been able to obtain Payment of the Bounty due to them for the said Corn and Malt; and representing to the House, That the Exporters of Corn, from the City of London, have at all times, and do now enjoy the full Benefit of the Bounty, beingpaid the same in Three or Four Weeks after shipped: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises in.to their Coohderation; and make such Provision for the Payment of such Bounty, as is now due to the Petitioners; and also.for the better and more effectual Payment of fych Bounty Money as hereafter shall become due, by virtue of the said Acts; as to the House shall seem meet.

4- Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands arc, thereto subscribed, on behalf of therty-selves, and tjhe rest of the Merchants and Exporters of Corp residing^at the Borough and Port of Kings Lynn, in thp County of Norfolk, was ^lfo presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thatfithe Petitioners have.bought and exported, from the said; Port, great Quantities, of Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Malt; in shippingfand exporting whereof they have duly observed the Directions and Intentions of the several ACts of Parliament now subsisting,

which graijtp Bounty to the Exporter,^but that the Petitioners have pot been able to obtain Payment, thereof, Recording, to such ‘Directions and:Intentions: And,therefores praying*That the JJqpfe will take,the PtQP&jfes'intp CoqOderatiob; and madte.fuqh ProvisipnfQr. the Payment ..of |UchPotinty, as is npwj due Petitioners, as to the

-Houseffhali. seem just;,.and for the better and more ^effectual Payment ,of such- BountyJVippey: as shall here-^afeerincome due, ^byyirtpe^of th.e saidTubfiftingA£ts,_, (<Arid the said Petitions were severally Ordered ,to be re-

Ditto.

Suits commenced for that Purpose,in any Courts of Law now subsisting; by reason whereof many ill-disposed Debtors, though able to pay, refuse so to do, and let their Creditors at Defiance; and alleging. That the Execution of divers Acts lately passed, for the Recovery of small Ocbts, have proved of very great Ule to chose for whose Benefit they have been obtained, particularly to the Town and Liberty of Saint Albans; and that a Judicature of this Sort would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and all others residing in the Town of Hemel Hemfted, and other Parts of the Hundred of Dacorum: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Town and Parish of Hemel Hemfted, and the several other Towns, Parishes, and Places, within the Hundred of Dacorum, in the County of Hertford; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief and Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C&nsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr, Charles Gore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hay, Mr. Campbell, Mr. West, Mr. Potter, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Barbor, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr* Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Neale, Mr. Williams, Nir;VSalusbury, Mr. Southwell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pytts, Colonel Stan-wix, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Stuart,' Mr. SandySj Colonel Gore, Sir Danvers QJhorne, Sir Thomas., Hales, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Gybbm, Sir. Jcbp Cust, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Ridley, -Lord Barrington, Mr. Lambe, Sir John Turner, Sir, Charles Kern. Lfynte, Mr. Kent, Mr. Nugent, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Mealy f alt, Vaughan, Mr John Yorke, Mt. Hale, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr,r Clay ton f Mr'. Ker, Sir Henry Erskine, Lord Charles Douglas, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Ord, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Middelton, Mf. Thorrftpn, , Mr. Mar bur ton, Mr. Southwell, Lord ’Geo. Qayen&ft), General Q^stopo, Mr. Clavelt, Colonel fe/iotfq.hi all the Members wh^ feryp the Counties of Hertford and Bucks: Api they. W ' to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, In the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to &nd for Persons, Papers* and Records.^1 w ‘,l,rv 1 "

;-H M.v :/: : 0:.:i V.’tUi :.-v

1 An ingrossed^Bitt; for h&turalteing Jh col Walk, wasreifi Valk’s Nat

the Third time. 1

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the' Bill j }v'h

Pr. 2. L. 8. -Xl&P ^eWdfbrth/WLnfert de-<c feend, remain, revert^accrue. or grow due, unto hiou 7ras also from henceforth."

And

;PCnc.on of Ae lylerc^n^diExpQrters.o^Cwn^ whole ameJ?^d

3a^ ar,e^erevmtq fuW^jbfdV/^mgjiil chat Pwoft.be rSca.C^aft,.in the County,|Ojf Norfolk, between the

JSreat Yarmouth, in the Coqnty of Norfolk, whose.N^mes . ate subscribedrare referred; and ^he Cpmmktfie.Pire.also ’ to ex^ip’me^.and^r'in the House, ]the, Matter^ of Fast contained in these Petitions.

O’ \

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And chat^bctT

X-i.1 I

r'T? j v i* v :a

A'" Bill to enable the Parishioners'of the Parish of Stone, Stone in the C^bunty of Stafford, to rebuild thcXhurch* of the Church. said'Parish, was fead. a Second time."

Hemel Herr,fled Small Debts.

That the Bill bp 'committed.to Mr./Levefon :-’:nr J 1 V . Gower, Mr. Tracy,‘Mh. jfl#, Siz Lynch Cotton, Mr.

/v -.A Petition of the Bailiffand Aftift^nts of the Towbpf Lyster, Colonel1 Holnies, Mr. Gray, Mr, Fonerean, Mr. ^IJemel Hemfted in the HupdmdAf l5^r//w; and County Hay, Mr. 'Neale, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. oVilertford, and also of the several other PerfoHs fetid- 'Sandys, Mr. Thorntony Mr. Allgood, Mr. Wilkinson, Mf. ing in the Town:and Pariftiof Hrnel Hemfted, and othfcr 'Warbur ton, M r. Lyttelton, M r. Salujlury, Lord Trentham, 'Towns, Parishes,;aftd’ Places M\hhi 'the fli'd Hundred, Mr. Anson, Mr.' Baptist Lev. Gower,-^Sir Richard Wrot-whose Names aiV thereKfntoTobscribed, wa§ presented to fejley, Sir Walt. Wag^Bagot, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Chetwynd, the House, and read; fetdngt forth, That the great Trade Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir William Tongef Mr- Brand, Lord ’ carried on in the said Town 6f Hemel Hemfted, and the fed CarysfbrV, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Bayntun,hox& Strange> of the Hundred^ bf Ddcorum, occasions the contfafting of Mr. Knightley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Fel-^mahy' fnrtall Debts;«for 'Recovery of which, honest lowes, Mr. Drake, Mr. Obrien, Sir Robert Grosvenor, 'Creditors are greatly discouraged from using any legal Mr; Ord, Mr. Martin, Mr. Vynen Mr. Middelton, Mr. Methods, being intimidated by the great Trouble and Garth, General Oglethorpe-, and all the Members who Expences that Smbft necessarily attend the Prosecution of serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Salop, Derby,

10 and

25 Geo. II.

13 ° — 14'4 Februarii.

and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

CinflaMes A Bill for the berter securing to Constables, and others, Charges, Charges of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of persons, who are to give Evidence against Felons, was read a Second time.

Befohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of thcwhble House, upon the said Bill,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14.0 die Tkbruarii;

Anna 26° Georgii It41 Regis, 1753.

Pr AYERS.

t.gMcy A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, k^Roadi!^* Tradesmen, and others, residing in and

y near the Towns of Bradford\ Halifax* Wakefield, Kigbley,

Binglcy, Horton, Ecckfall\ Poole, and Leathley., in the West Biding of the County of York, whose N ames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Highways leading from the Town of Kigbley aforesaid, through Bingley and Bradford, and over Dudley Hid and Wijkett Util, and through Ard-Walton, to Wakefield in the County of York, and the Highway leading from Kigbley aforesaid to Halifax, In die fair! County, and also the Highway leading from Dudley Hill, through Ecclesall, Pool, and Town of Leathley, to the South West Corner of Harrowgate Inclosures, towards Knarejlo rough, in the said West Riding of the County of York, are not only fa narrow in many Places, that Carriages cannot pass each other, but are become so deep and ruinous that, in Winter and rainy Seasons, many Parts of such Roads are impassable for YVhccl Carriage*, and cannot effectually be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, byjthe ordinary Course appointed by Law: And therefore playing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for creating a sufficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-housesin the said several Roads, and building a Bridge over the River Wharf at Pool aforesaid; and for levying a Toll or, Tolls upon the fame; and that, with the Money arifin£ therefrom* the said several Roads may be repaired, in $ich manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, principal Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the Towns of Bradford, Halifax, Kigbley, fyingley, Horton, Ecclesall, Poole, and Leath-ley, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, is referred: Anil that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Eghleyto A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, prin-Ki.kby Ken- cipal Tiadefmen, and others, residing in and near the <U1 Road. Towns of Halifax and Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, w hole Namesare thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Towns of Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, Settle, Kigbley, Halifax, and Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, respectively, are become very ruinous, and at all times of the Year almost impassable; and that the same cannot effectually be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law; and taking Notice, That Application is now making to the House, to have Turnpike Roads made, in Two several Branches, from Kigbley to Halifax and Ealand, and also from Kigbley to Bradford and Wakefield, in the said West Riding; the amending whereof, the Petitioners apprehend, will tend You 26.

greatly to the facilitating and improving of the Trade and Commerce, and the publick Ease and Benefit of the Inhabitants of that Country: And therefore* praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for erecting a sufficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-houses in the said several Roads; and for levying a Toll or Tolls upon the fame-; and that, with the Money arising therefrom* the said several Roads may be repaired, in such manner as to ins House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confutation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justic.cs of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby Kendall, in the County of West-norland, and of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Kirkby Kendall aforesaid, and also of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Colonel Stanwix reported from the Conlrpittee, to Carlirie to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Penrith Names ate thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually Road* travelling the Road from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, to Emont Bridge, which divides the ‘

Counties of CumberlandWestmorland, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Carleton Esquire, and Mr. James Wallace, said, That the Road from Penritlyfo Emont Bridge is very narrow and dangerous for Travellers; and that the same Cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing the Road from the City of Car-lisle, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the City of Carlifte, Ditto* to the Town-of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Sir Jaynes Lowther, Mr. Salufbury, Colonel Stanwix, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, Colonel Holmes, Mr. West,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Bat bur ft, Mr. Hay, Mr I Sandy s, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Neale, Mr. Wilfqn, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

War bur ton, Mr. Fazaker/ey, Mr. Ker, Mr. Prowse, General Handafyde, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gray, Sir John Cust, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gafhryt Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Turner, Mr. Halftone, Lord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Dupplin; and all the Members who serve for the Countie* of Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and Lancaster: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee,

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the Bridge over the Rivulet called TyneSyke, at Penrith Town’s Emd, to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland;

Mr. West,presented to the House, pursuant to their Sorpluflei, Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses dated at Lady-day 1752: And also,

Surplusses Rated the lothrof ORobtr 1752.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstrafls thereof are as followeth; viz.

7K

c.

ABSTRACTof the said Surplusses, dated at Lady-day 1752.

g

eg'

n' CD Cl Cr

o

o

o

FT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund - .' -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 175a; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 1. - -

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 2. r -Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 3.' -

Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and undervalued, brought to th to the Act 11° Georgii imi, P^ge 146 " j* -

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1752, for the Purposes following, per Act 25* Geo. 2*1, Page 569 and 570; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Stamp Duties at Christmas 1750 - -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to make good the De-' r ficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas 1751 -

Tq replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the lame, to make good the Denciency of the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer 1751 To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of thfe Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1751 # - - - . - - v -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1751 -To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the . Deficiency of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights, at Michaelmas 1751 " - - - r -

F und, jmrfuarit 2%3'*99 S 9 80,632 2 6J 237»*77 3i 1 10 6f

is P- - £.601,710 7 1

6>997 8 3 a

>‘.737 H Ah

2^10219 s

S*43J 6 -4

52,969 I ;75

61,066 7 10 \ 162,304 17 loj

£ 764,015 4

Per Contra CT

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Chrifmas 1751, being after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent, per An-num on the principal Sum of 600,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act 9* Georgii zdl. Page 492, in that Behalf - -

By the Ulherof the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying the said Annuities By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Lady day 1.752, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of 300,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act 1 i° Georgii adL, Page 642, in that Behalf -

By the Uiherof the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying the said Annuities By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Christmas 1751, being after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of 800,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 150 Georgii, 2di, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf ~ -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuties, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page £07 in that Behalf - -

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Lady-day 1752, being after the Rate 0^3/. to s. per Cent. per Annum, cn the principal Sum of 2,968,496/. 8/. 3d. Residue of 3,072,472/. os. 10d. the Amount of the Navy, Transport, and Victualling Bills, arid Ordnance Debentures, subscribed for Annuities, chargeable on this Fund, pursuant to the Act 220 Georgii Ildl, Page 515, and Two Acts gaffed the 23° Georgii II-1 ——

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due at Christmas 1751, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent.per An

num, on the principal Sum of 1,000,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act ij* . Georgii Ildi rage 325, iri that Behalf By the Ulherof the Exchequer, for Necessaries delivered to the Exchequer Bill Office 'fiy Calb taken to answerlntfircft at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, paid to the Contributors of 2,100,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty. for the Service of the Year 1751, from the respective Days of their advancing the same to Christntas 1751* pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii IIdi, Page 41 -

By Calli, taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1751,

- pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii 2di, in that Behalf; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 464 By Caih taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties payable to his Majesty for Licences to retail spirituous Liquors at Lady-day 1752, pursuant to the Act 190 Georgii 2di, to answer Interest on 986,800l. charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 161, in that Behalf - - -: -

By Caih taken to answer Interest at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, to the 24th of January 1752, on the . several Sums of 1,0/3,148/. 4/. 6d. and 176,893/. Hr. yd. in Exchequer Bills, made forth and charged on this Fund ....

By C3(h taken towards discharging the said sum of 1,013,148/. 4 /. 6d. in Exchequer Bills, authorized to be made forth pursuant to the Act 24* Georgii Udi, in that Behalf -

L

00

~ Os

£ . L

9,000 0 0 69 12 8

4,500 O O 83 9 IO

12, COO O O

225 O O

1,948 13 9

- §"

15,000 0 0 g

67 10 4 S

24,049 5 10

7,916 19 11

749 3 3I

>9,188 17 2 619,216 12 ij

764,015 4 n i

This being the Nine-and* fiftieth Half-yearly Atcount, made up pursuant to the Act Georgii i*«f Page ,367, j$ humbly presented, this. 14th Day of February 1753, by me.

J. PViJt.

CJF*

yjb*

ABSTRACTof the said Stfnn.usiEs, dated the loth of Ofloltr 1752.

o

>0

ON

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

D'.

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1752, Old Michaelmas Day; viz.

j.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. i. -Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 2. Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 3.

470,959 3 H

86,447 19

*91,934 o n£ £ 849.34* 3 7i

D

cq

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

leg

FT

Per Contra

- O,

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1752* being after the Rate of 3/. per Cert, on the principal Sum of 600,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act 9* Georgii a*1. Page 492, in that Behalf By One Quarter's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1752, being after the Rate of 3/. ptt Cent. on the principal Sum of 300,000l. lent on Credit of ihi.- Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act 11 Georgii 2dl, Page 642, in that Behalf.

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 175a, being after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of 800,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to4m Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 15 Georgii 2dl, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf . -Ry the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf By Half a Year's Annuity, due the said 10th Day of October 1752, being after the Rate of 3/. 10/. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 2,968,496/. 8/. 8</. Residue of 3,072,472/. os. iod. the Amount of the Navy, Transports, and Victualling Bills and Ordnance Debentures subscribed for Annuities, chargeable on this Fund, pursuant to the Act 22° Georgii 2dl, Page 515, and Two Acts passed the 230 Georgii 2di.

By Half a Year's Annuity due at Midsummer 1752, being after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent, per An«um on the principal Sum of a Million, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act 230 Georgii 2dt, Page 325, in that Behalf -By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1752, being after the Rate of 31, per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 2,100,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1751,pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf -By Calli taken to answer Interest, at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, to the 24th of July 1752, on the several Sums of iiOi3,i 48/. v. 6d. and 176,89j/. ns. yd. in Exchequer Bills, made forth and charged upon this Fund By D° for the like on 1,400,000l. m Exchequer Bills, made forth and charged upon this Fund ... By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp-Duties, at Midsummer 1752, pursuant to the Act 4" Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf - -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer 1752, pursuant to the Act 18° Georgii ad*, to answer Annuities on single Lives, and other Annuities, at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, on 2,000,000l. charged thereupon -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors, upon the 10th Day of October 1752, (Old Michailmas Day) pursuant to the Act 190 Georgii 2di, to answer Annuities at 3/. 10/. per Cent, per Annum on 2,824,4.28/. 13 /. lid. Residue of 3,000,000l. charged thereupon ... By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, on the said 10th Day of October 1752, to answer 3 /. per Cent, per Annum Interest on 500,000l. charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 10° Georgii 2d*; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 351, in that

Behalf - ....

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, upon the said 10th Day of October 175 2, to answer Annuities at 3 /. 10 /. per Cent, per Annum on 4,189,365 /. 5 / o d. Residue of 4,400,000l. charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 20 Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf -By Calli taken in full Discharge of 1,013,148/. 4/. 6d. as also of 176,893 /. 11 /. 7 d. making together 1,190,041 /.

16 s. 1 d. in Exchequer Bills, authorized to be made forth pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii act, in that Behalf -By Calli taken in Part of 500,00c/. for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1752, pursuant to the Act 250 Georgii 2dl, Page 560, in that Behalf -

This being the Sixtieth Half-yearly Account, mtdc up pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii i®1. Page 367, is humbly presented, this 14th Day of February 1753.

J. fVtft.

£. /. d.

9,000 o o

2,250 o o

12,coo o o 225 o e

S«.9*B 13 9

15,020 0 0 k-1

3l>s°o 0 0

6,618 i4 7

361 *4 6 Ss-

5*310 19 2 $2 Si

17*617 5 I

31,831 11 si

9,846 3 3i

1*253 9 io{

202,054 7i

442*5*3 9 nJ

849,34* 3 7l

cn

oc

-a

26 Geo. II.

Exeter

Roads.

Carlisle

Roads.

Carlton's

Name.

Penrith

Roads.

588

140 Febru

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be peruftd by the Members of the House.

Sir William Tonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the City of Exeter, in the County of Devon; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the City of Exeter, in the County of Devon; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had dirt&ed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the C Jerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, Edward Collins Esquire, and Air. George Ewings, said, That the Roads mentioned in the said Petitions are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot be effectu* ally amended and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter: And that Sir William Tonge, Sir John Mordaunt. Sir Francis. Drake, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, and Sir Bourchier Wrey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That Mr. Gijlingham Cooper, Banker to the Commissioners and Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the City of CarUJle, to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, attended at the Door, with Accounts between him and the said Commissioners and Trustees, which might be of use with respect to the Accounts laid before the House from the said Commissioners;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Paper, intituled.

The Commissioners for the County of Northumberland, for making a Road from Carlisle to Newcastle — Account with Gijlingham Cooper, 1753: And also a Paper, intituled,

The Commissioners for the County of Cumberland^ for making a new Road from Carlisle to Newcastle — Account with Gijlingham Cooper+ L753___

And; then he withdrew.

And; the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are prelcrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Betbe’l reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Abraham Carlton Esquire, now called Abraham Cumberbatch, and his I flue Male, to take and use the Surname of Cumbe: batch, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s; Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrofifed.

An ingossed Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the To^n of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlefowerby Pastures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road, upon Castlejowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hefket, otherwise Hejket Newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said County; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prr 2. L. -3. Before a Esquires," to insert cc ChriJ-u topher Pattern, John Raincock, Launcelot Simpson, u Thomas Simpson."

Pr. 3. L. 13. Before " Gentlemen," to insert " Hugh tc Simpson

A- *753-

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thac the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton HaV, over Skelton and Castlejowerby Failures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck, in the said County; and allb the Road which branches and separates from the same Road upon CastlefowerbyPifourt aforesaid, and leads from rhence through Hejket, otherwise Hefteet Newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said County.

Ordered, That Colonel Stanzvist do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Regulating regulating Pawnbrokers and Brokers, within the Bills of Pawn-Mortality, and Places adjacent, and for more eifedually bf0^rs-preventing the receiving of stolen Goods: And rihac Sir William Tonge, Mr. Bathurst, and Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Inttruction to the Committee Ways and of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider Means* further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of proper Methods for licensing Pawnbrokers and Brokers.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Owners,of Levant Ships, in the Port of Uverpoole: And also, *; Trade.

A Petition of the principal Merchants, Traders, Owners, Ditto, and Freighters of Ships, of the Borough of Great Tarmouth! in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the principal Merchants, Traders, Owners, Ditto, and Freighters, of Ships, of the City of Bristol: And

also, "

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Ditto. Inhabitants, of the Borpugh of Wilton, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, Clothiers, and other Ditto, principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilis:

Were severally presented to the House, arid read1; complaining of a great Decreale in the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures of these Kingdoms to Turkey, occassioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by an exclusive Grant to a Company of Merchants trading thither 5 and alleging, That this Monopoly hath given the French, and other Foreigners, an Opportunity of supplanting us in this Branch of Commerce; and that the best Method to regain this Branch of Trade, is to lay it open to all his Majesty’s Subjects:

And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for laying open the Trade to Turkey to all his Majesty’s Subject*; and to grant such other Relief to the Petitioners in the Prtfmifes, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Traders and Manufacturers of Iron,

Brass, and other Goods, in the down of Birmingham, was also presented to the House, and read; fencing forth,

Thac the Petitioners have, for some time pad, found great Slackness in the Demands for their Goods, occasioned (as the Petitioners apprehend) by particular Prohibitions and Rettraints laid upon them byfeveral Nations of Europe, which are (till like to increase; the Consequence of which mutt greatly tend to the leiTenirtg, if not the Rum, of the valuable Manufactur.es of this Country; that the 6 Petitioners

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Supply Bill; Red and White Herrings, for the Purposes therein men- Sa,t Dutlcs» tioned, was read a Second time. &c*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole: House.

Resolved, Thac this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

26 Geo. II. 14° Februarii. 589

Petitioners apprehend nothing will be a more effectual Way to restore their Trade to a flourishing Condition, than a free and open Commerce with Turkey; by which they have reason to expect they shall not only be enabled to fell in Competition with the French, and other Nations, who aim at rivalling them in these Branches of Trade, but, through the Cheapncfs that they can render their Commodities, they have a Prospect of a very large Demand for their Goods from those Parts of the World, more than what have hitherto been utt red: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and aft therein as they shall think meet.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Melksham, in the County of Wilts* was also presented to the House, and read; setting lorth, That the Exportation of our Wooilcn Manufacturers to Turkey has of late Years considerably lessened; which the Petitioners alcribe to the exclusive Privileges granted ro a few particular Persons trading thither, to the great Prejudice of the rest of his Majesty’s Subjects, who arc thereby rendered incapable of trading to that Country, without fub-nmtting to such By-laws as are an effectual Prevention to the flourishing of this Commerce; and that Foreigners, and particularly our great Rivals the French, have obtained the greatest Share in this beneficial Branch of Traffick: And therefore pra\ing the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for laying open the Trade to Turkey to all his Majesty s Subjects, in such a manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Manufacturers in Chat-ford Bottom, and Stroud Water, in the County of Glou~ cester, was also presented to the House and read; setting forh. That great Part of the Cloth exported to Turkey is made in the said County; and that this Trade hath very much declined for many Year* pafi:; and is now reduced to so low an Ebb. that the Petitioners apprehend they have great heah n to tear, that our Ri vals the French will wholly supplanc us in thi> valuable Branch of our Trade: And therefore praying the House to grant Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade free to all his Majesty’s Subjects, in such a manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, refioing in and near the Towns of Stanley, Sunehouse, and EaJrugton, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the great Progress of the French in their Trade to the Levant Seas; which the Petitioners aferibe to the Difficulties and Disconragements which the Trade o; G/ eat Britain labours under, by means of its being confined to an exclusive Company; and alleging, That were this Trade laid open, ;.;tich greater Quantities of Englijk Goth might be vended; which would greatly tend to recover this valuable Brance of Commerce from the French: And therefore praying the House to lay the "trade free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Dyers, Card-makers, and others,of the Towns of Frcme, Beckington, and the adjacent Villages, in the County of Somerset, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Trade of this Nation to Turkey is very much restrained, by its being monopolized by the Company of Merchants trading thither; and that it might be very much increased and extended, by its being rendered free and open to all his Majesty’s Subjects; and that, unless some salutary Law be speedily provided, for Relief in the Premises, our Rivals the French will gradually draw off from this Nation that valuable Branch of its Trade: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Crdc edy That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas: And that Mr. SalufLury, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Neale, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Southwell, Mr. lioblyn, Mr. Herbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Vol. 26.

Popham, Mr. Chester, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bayntun, ? Tr.

ProwJey and Mr. Tracy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accounts recount of what Quantities of Woollen Manufactures have Levant* been exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas xrac}e, 1752; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before rhis House, an Account of what Quantity of Raw Silk has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Mohair Yarn has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, do lay before this Home the By-laws of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, do lay before this House an Account of what Persons have been received into their Freedom since Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752; together with the Sums paid respectively by each Person so received.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Insurers, of Plundering the City of London, whose Naans are thereunto subscribed. Shipwrecks, on behalf of themselves, an J all others concerned in the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of hvr late Majesty Queen Anne, forpreserving such Ships and Goods as should happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded on the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other her Majesty’s Dominions, has, by Experience, been found not to answer the salutary Ends thereby proposed; and taking Notice, That a Bill has been ordered to be brought into the House, for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain ffiip-wrecked Goods, and for Relief of Persons {offering Losses thereby; and expressing the Gratitude of the Petitioners, for this particular Instance of the Concern of the House for the trading Interest of these Kingdoms, and their Apprehension of the Necessity of some more effectual Remedy: And praying the House, That they will make such Provision in the Premises, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons, who shall steal or detain (hipwrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Persons suffering Losses thereby, be brought in.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hanover the Right Honourable Herbert Lord Viscount Windjor and Square Baron Montjoy of the Ifteof Wight, and of Brigadier General Parllh-Richard Ingoldsby, Churchwardens, the Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, is referred, do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Performance the Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their ot # Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague be- Q^aranfinc* ing brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, JcrJey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, be read a Second time, upon Tomorrow Seven-night;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Land Tax.

7 L the

590 14* — 15 ° . 1753.

the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 17535

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to his Majesty*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Vernon Esquire, Great Nephew and Devisee, and aHb Administrator, wirh the Will annexed, of Colonel Edward Vernon, his Great Uncle, deceased, was referred, be referred eo the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House rcfojved itself into the said Com-r mittee.

Mr^ Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refaction; which they had diretfted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, Thai the Report be received TOrtnormw Morning,

Mr. Charity also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Land Tax. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1753;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Irvstruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Chuse, to mak® good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1751, put of the Supplies granted for the Year 1753.

Then the House refolded itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left |he Chair.

Mr, Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. L

Mr. Charlton reported from* the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Chri/ophihts Chi tty, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition, having travelled them within less than a Week of the Time of his Examination; that they are in a very bad and fbun-derous Condition, and in many Places so narrow, that it is dangerous for a Horseman to pass a Carriage, and absolutely impossible for Two Carriages to pass each ocher* that he is of Opinion the Stature-work is not fuffigient to repair the Roads in any of che Parishes through which the same lead; that he lives at Farnham; and the Year before last was Surveyor of the Highways of that Parish* that almost all the Scatu.te-work, which the Parishioners are obliged by Law to do on the Highways, was performed upon the Road mentioned in the Petition; though chereare several other Road$ in the Parish: and that the Witntfs, and the Person who served the Office of Surveyor w*ith him, were 27/. out of Pocket; and yet the Road remained in very bad Repair*

Mr. Richard Chace, an Inhabitant also of Farnham, said,

That he served the Office of Surveyor of the Highways for that Parish last Year; when, notwithstanding almost all che Statute-work was performedon the said Road, he and his Partner were besides 251, out of Pocket; yet the Roads were far from being sufficiently amended; and the Parish had been frequently threatened with Indi&ments upon that Account; and he confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Chitty, in regard to the ruinous Condition, and Nar-rowneis of the said Roads, and the Insufficiency of the Methods preferred by Law, for repairing the fame; and he added, That he saw a Stage Coach upon the Road, before the Time of this his Examination, which was obliged to be drawn by Eight Horses.

George HoldJaway informed your Committee, That he has drove the Winchester Stage Coach this Two Years and a Half; and that the Roads mentioned in the Petition are so bad, that his Passengers have been frequently obliged to get out; and for several Miles the Road is so narrow that a Horseman cannot pass a Coach.

Mr. John Dythy,. an Inhabitant of Alresford, confirmed the before-mentioned Evidence, so far as regards the Bad?-ness and Narrownefsof the said Roads; and added. That he was once in imminent Danger of his Life, by endeavouring to pass on Horseback by a Waggon.

Jeremiah AI wick Esquire, also confirmed the aforesaid Evidence, as to the Badness and Narrow ness of the Roads, and further said, That the Roads are so bad, that mapy Gentlemen chuse to go by Bajing/loke, to avoid them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Rafing Stone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence through Bentley, Holly born, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingfey, otherwise Mato terley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton: And that Lieutenant General Onslow, Mr.

Hay, and Mr. Holmes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ’

A Petition of the principal Merchants, Traders, and Levant Owners of Ships, of the Town of Drumfrics, was presented Trade, to the House, and read; complaining of a great Decrease in the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures to Constan-tinople, and other Parcs of Turkey, arising (as the Peticioners apprehend) from an exclusive Grant to a Company of Merchants trading thither; and alleging, That this Monopoly hath given an Opportunity to our Rivals the French and other Foreigners, of supplanting us in this once valuable Branch of our Commerce; and that the most likely Method of retrieving the fame, is to lay it open to all his Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for laying open the Turkey Trade to all his Majesty’s Subjects; ana to grant such other Relief to the Petitioners in the Prc-mises, as to the House shall seem meet.

5 A Petition

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovi-Sy 150 diq Februarii;

Anno 26° Georgii lldi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Baling; Stone T IEUTENANT General Onslow reported from Road. JL^ the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, was referred, Thar the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared co them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Levant

Trade.

Ditto.

Ditto*

Account of Bounties on Linens.

Hackney

Road.

Paddington Chinch Yard.

%6 Geo. II.

A Petition of the principal Merchants, Traders, Owners* and Freighters of Ships, of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, Drugget Makers, Serge Makcrss and other Woollen Manufacturers, in and near the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read* containing the same Allegations as arc mentioned in the preceding Petition: And praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey to all his Majesty’s Subjects, under such Limitations and JKestrictions as the House shall think proper; and to grant such other Rcbef to the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Clothiers and Manufacturers of the Town of Heytesbury was also presented to the House, and read; fettting forth, That Monopolies of all Kinds have been thought an Injury to ouf Trade Manufactures, and, in a particular Manner, that valuable Branch of Trade to Turkey, both as to our Exports and imports, and have given our great Rivals the French an Opportunity of supplanring us in that Trade: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey to all his Majesty’s Subjects, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to He upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Charles Douglas, Sir John Turner* Colonel Elliott, and Mr. Acourt Ashe, be added to the Gentlemen who arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the CuAoms and Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfuaattotheDireftionsofan Act of Parliament, An Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported from Scotland, paid out of such Part of the Old Subsidy is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to the 5th January 1753 inclusive, pursuant to aClause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of an Act of the 22d, of his present Majesty, together with the Quantities of the several Species of Linens, for which the said Bounties have been paid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prefer vedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 1 ith Year of his present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Curate, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, in Vestry assembled, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fume, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Abbington Parish Clerk said, That, by the Increafeof Inhabitants within the said Parifl), the Church

Vql. 2$.

59*

Yard is too small for the Burial of their Dead; and he finds great Difficulty in depositing the fame.

Mr. Dennis Chirac Churchwarden, and Mr. William Godfrey, said, That the Lord Bishop of London, in Right of his See, is seised, to him and his Successors, of a Piece or Parcel of Ground, adjoining to the said Church Yard* and lying very convenient to be taken into the fame, subject to a Lease made thereof by the late Bishop of London, during the Lives of Three Persons therein named; which is now vested in Sir John Frederick Baronet.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee an Indenture of Lease, under the episcopal Seal of the Right Reverend Edmund late Lord Bishop of London, dated the 5th of August 1740; whereby the said Bishop demised to Sheldon Cradock, Mary Cradock, and Paul Jodrell the younger, Esquire, and their Heirs, during the Lives of Judith Jodrell, John Affleck, John Crofter the younger, and the Life of the Sutvivor of them, all that the Scite and Capital Messuage of the Manor of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex', and divers Mefr fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Pad-dsngton aforesaid, therein particularly mentioned and described; whereof the Premiles, mentioned in the Petition* were proved, by Mr. William Godfrey and Mr. Dennis Sherac, co be Part.

There were likewise produced to your Committee In-denturesof Lease and Release, dared the Ninth and Tenth Days of July 1741; which were proved to be executed by all the Parties thereto by G of coign Frederick, one of the Witnesses attesting the fame, the Release being Quin-quepartite, and made between Sheldon Cradock, and Paul Jodrdl]uT\\or, of the First Part; Sir John Frederick Baronet, of the Second Part; Paul Jodrell senior, Esquire, and Judith his Wife, of the Third Part; John Nurst Esquire, and Judith his Wife, Gilbert Jodrell and Mary his Wife (late Mary Cradock) Daniel Jodrell, and Elizabeth Jodrell, of the Fourth Part; and Sir Edmund Bacon, and Sir William Abdy, of the Fifth Part; whereby, after reciting a Deed-poll, dated the 6th of August 1740, in which the said Lease is recited, the said Paul Jodrell the younger, Sheldon Cradock, and Mary Cradock declared, that such Lease was made to them, upon Trust, as to One Moiety of the Premises, for Paul Jodrell junior* and his Heirs; and as to Two-thirds of the other Moiety, foe Sheldon Cradock and his Heirs; and the remaining Third of such Moiety, for Mary Cradock and hei*Heirs: And also reciting Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the 7th and 8 th Days of December 1740; the Release being made between Mary Cradock, of the First Part; Gilbert Jodrell, of the Second Part; Paul Jodrell junior, of the Third Part; Sir Edmund Bacon, and Sir William Abdy, of the Fourth Part; the said Mary Cradock, in consideration of a then intended Marriage between her and the said Gilbert Jodrell (which was afterwards had) conveyed her Share of the Premises to Paul Jodrell junior, in Trust, to fell it, and pay the Money arising by such Sale to Sir Edmund Bacon, and Sir William Abdy, upon the Trusts in thac Settlement mentioned; the said Sheldon Cradock, and Paul Jodrell junior, did, for the Cpnfiderations therein mentioned, by the Direction of all the other Parties to the same Deed, and also all the said other Parties thereto, did grant and convey the said Lease from the Bishop of London, and all the Premises thereby demised, to, and to the Use of, the said Sir John Frederick, his Heirs and Assigns, during the Lives of the said Judith Jodrell, John Affleck, and John Crofter the younger, and the Life of the longer Liver of them: And,

Mr. John Croucher proved the Consent of the Bishop of London: And,

Mr. Gascoign Frederick, the Consent of Sir John Frederick, That the said Piece of Ground may be added to enlarge the said Church Yard on the Terms in the Petition mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Cooke, and Sir

William

150 Februa

Livfrpcole, &c. Roads.

Debtors

Petition.

Shepton Malet, &c. Roads.

592 150 Februarii. A. 1753.

Wiliam Beauchamp Proffer, do prepare, and bring in, the through lvekhefter, to Petherton Bridge, and from Shepton fame. Malet, through Pilton, towards the Town of Glaston-

bury, and from Prejley to Milton Bridge: And,

Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Andrew Napper said, That he knows the Road the Petition of federal of the Gentlemen, Merchants, from Ilchefier to Vagg Hollow, and from Ilchester to Pelber-Traders, Land-owners, and other Inhabitants, of the ton Bridge; and all the Witnesses said, that the said Roads Towns and Port of Liverpool, Wigan, Prefcot, Whifton, are become very ruinous, and, in many Parts, so narrow, jBarnhill, Bold\ Sankey, Warrington, Parr, and Ashton that Carriages cannot pass each other without great Dan-within Macker field, in the County of Lancaster; and of ger and Difficulty; and that they cannot be repaired by several of the Commissioners named and appointed in pur- the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being, suance of the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned; was Mr. John Brickdale further said. That Part of the said referred; That the Committee had examined the Matterof Road from Rujb Hill to a Poole called The Great Poole, the said Petition; and had directed him to report the in the Parish of Stone Eastvn, is so very narrow, and par-fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read ticularly between the Hills, that it cannot be widened the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at without pulling down some Houses, and destroying some the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as Orchards and Plantations; but that the Road may be followeth; viz. turned through some Grounds belonging to John Hip-

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, pejley Coxe Esquire, which will be very commodious, and Mr. John Tates, and Mr. Francis Gildart, were exa~ not more than 132 Yards about, mined; and said, That the Road from the Town of PreJ- Mr. Edward Currington said. That he has measured the Cot, into the Township of Warrington, is. in a very bad present Road from Rush Hill to The Great Poole, and Condition, and extremely dangerous for Carriages in the that through Mr. Coxe1 s Grounds, and is only 132 Yards Winter Seal on; and that the said Road cannot be fuf- more than the former.

ficiently repaired by the Methods appointed by the Laws John Hippejley Coxe Esquire said. That the present Road in.being. between the Hills is not more than Nine Feet wide, and

Two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the 12th the Soil very bad, and often impaflfable; and is willing Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the that the same should be turned through his Grounds, it 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were read; being of publick Utility.

whereby several l olls and Powers were granted for re- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Liverpool to Prefcot, and other pairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Roads therein mentioned, and from Prefcot to the Chapel Shepton Malet to the Top of Rush Hill, in the Parish of Saint Hel n, in the County of Lancaster. of Stone Easton, in the County of Somerset, and from

Mr. John Tates iaid, That the Commissioners appoint- Shepton Malet to the Direction Post and Elm Tree at the ed by the said Acts have greatly improved and amended Cross Way to Butwe/l, in the Parish of Almsford; and the said Roads. also from Shepton Malet, to and through Ivelchester,

.nd the said Witness, and also the said Mr. Gildart, to the South Petherton Bridge; and also from Ivel-said, That the Road from the Chapel at Saint Helen into chester to the Cross Post at Vagg Hollow, in the Pariffiof the Township of Ashton is in a very ruinous Condition, and Teovil; and also from Shepton Malet, to and through cannot be amended by the Performance of Statute-Work. Pilton, towards the Town of G last onbury; and likewise Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for en- from Prejleigh to Milton Bridge, and from Rush HU larging the Term and Powers granted by Ttfo Acts of aforesaid to and through Grounds of John Hippejley Coxe, Parliament, one passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign and to the Poole called The Great Poole: And that Sir of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other Charles Kemys Tynte, and Mr. Prowjfe, do prepare, and passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present bring in, the fame.

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpoole to Prefcot, and otter Roads therein mentioned, in the County Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Mer- Boston, *r. Palatine of Lancaster; and also for repairing the Road charts, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Bo- Small Debts, from Prefect, through Whifton, Rainbill, Bold, and Sankey, roug of Boston, the District: called Skirbeck Quarter, and to the Town of Warrington; and also the Road from other Suburbs adjoining to the said Borough, lying within Saint Helen to Ashton, in the said County Palatine: And the several Pariffiesof Boston and Skirbeck, in the County that Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Bold, the Lord Strange, and of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto set; and also the Mr. Gildart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of

Boston, in the County of Lincoln (which were presented A Petition of those, whose Names are subscribed, being to the House upon the 6th Day of this Instant February,

Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of Lan- and then ordered to He upon the Table); be referred to caster, was presented to the House, and read; complain- the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-ing of their Diftrefs, and praying Relief. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And they are referred to Lord Robert Bertie, Mr.

Sir Charles Ketiiys Tynte reported from the Committee, Whichcot, Lord Robert Sutton, General Onslow, Mr. to whom ihe Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Thornhagh, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Hunter, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, living in and near the Towns Mr. Townshend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Neale, Lord Downe, of Shepton Malet and Ivel chester, in the County of Somer- Mr. Vyner, Sir John Turner, Mr. Ellis, Lord Dupplin, set, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Digby. Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Hardinge,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lascelles,

Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Burrell, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Ker, Mr. Stuart, Lord Carysfort, Mr. in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Sydenham. Lord Strange, Mr. Bond, Mr. Torke, Sir Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Francis Drake, Sir John Cust, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Berke-To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, ley, Mr. Southwell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Dowdef-

Mr. John Brickdale said. That he knows the Road from well. Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Shepton Malet to Rush Hill, in the Parish of Stone Easton: Hay, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lewis, Sir Cor del Firebrace,

And, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kent, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gwynne, Mr.

Mr. Daniel Speed said, That he knows the Road from Lyster, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fane, Mr. Dal-Shepton Malet to the Direction Post and Elm Tree at the ft one, Mr. Wigley, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Sir William Cross Ways at Butwell, and the Road from Shepttm Malet, Myddelton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gajhry, Lord Barfington; /

and

Frame-work

fcnntc/f.

Ditto.

Ditto.

26 Geo. II. 1 g0 Februarii.

593

and all the Members who serve For the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons employed in the Business of Frame-work Knitcing in the Town of Nottingham, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons employed in the said Trade, was prefemed to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Company of Frame-work Knitters of the City of London have made certain By-laws, by which, against all Reason, and contrary to the general Liberty of the Subjects of Great Britain, they invest themi'elves with a Power of laying such Taxes upon themselves as may greatly aftift them in carrying into Execution their pernicious Schemes of extending their Jurisdiction over the whole Kingdom, and establishing in themselves a Power of searching all Places belonging to the Members of the said Society, or any using the said Mystery; and moreover endeavouring to monopolize the lending of Frames for Hire; and alleging, That these and other Oppressions, under which the Manufacture labours from this Company, it is feared, will greatly affect the Trade of this Kingdom, unless the poor Manufacturers meet with the Protection and Assistance of the House: And therefore praying the House to take these Matters into ConCderadon, and grant the Petitioners, and the said Trade in general, such Relief as to the House shall icem meet.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others. Inhabitants of Godalming, Guildford, and Places adjacent, in the County of Surry, in behalf of the Framework Knitters of their several Towns and Parishes, was also presented to the House, and read; fencing forth. That great Numbers of the Poor are employed in thCTiid Trade, and in preparing Materials for their Use, and great Quantities of Wool, Silk, Thread, and Cotton, are manufactured by (means thereof; and that it appears to the Petitioners, that the Mailer, Wardens, and AGistants, of the Company of Frame-work Knitters of the City of Lrn4on, under Pretence of Authority granted to them by a Charter, 'have afiumed to themselves a Power to make several arbitrary and oppressive By-laws, to the Discouragement of the said Trade; and also to defeat the Intent of the said Incorporation; which, it is preFumed, mud have been designed to promote and encourage, and not tp oppress and injure, the said Manufacture; and that many iaduftrious Persons cannot at this time support themselves and Families w ithout charitable Afliiiance; and alleging. That, if the By-laws of the said Company are binding, it ’will tend to the Decay of the said Manufactory, and thereby bring greater Burthens on the said several Parishes: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give such Relief as shall appear reasonable.

A Petition of several Persons employed in the Trade or Business of Frame-work Knitting, Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parishes of Godalming, Guildford, Wit-ley, Thursey, Hambledw, Comport, and other Places in the County of Surry, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons employed in the said Trade in England and Wales, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That many Thousands of poor People are employed in the Trade of Frame-work Knitting, and in poaking and preparing Worfteds and other Materials for the fame* and great Quantities of Wool, Silk, and Cotton, are manufactured by means thereof: That the Matter, Wardens, and Aftiftams, of the Company of Frame-work Knitters of the City of London and Westminster, under Pretence of the Authority granted to them by a Charter, have assumed to themselves the Rule and Government of all Persons employed in the said Manufacture within England and Wales, even of those not Members of the said Company, and have of late Years made arbitrary By-laws, and other Regulations, which are very injurious and vexatious to the said Manufacturers, and tend to the Discouragement of Industry, and Decay of the said Trader and also to Vol. 26.

defeat the Intent of the said Incbrpofation, which, it is presumed, mutt have been designed to promote and encourage, and not to oppress and injure, the said Manufacture: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have an Opportunity of proving to the House their great Grievances and Hardships; and that such Relief may be given as the Nature of their same shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration Of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; ind report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Ihornhagb, Mr. Charlton;

Lord Robert Sutton, Lord Dupplin, General Onslow, Mr.

Fellowes, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hay, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Turner, Mr. Nugent, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr.

Cooke, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Wi/fon, Colonel Stan-wix, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wodehouse, Lord Strange, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Gray, Lord Charles Douglas, Mr. Dow-defwell, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Lyfier, Lord Barrington, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr. Potter, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole,

Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Oswald, Sir Robert Burdet,

Mr. Walpole junior, Mr. Richards, Mr. Whichcot, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Codogan, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Neale, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Myddelton, Mr. Barne, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Walpole senior, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Cayley, Mr.

John Willes, Mr. Ingram, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Bankes,

Lord Londonderry, Mr. Buller, Sir William Yonge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham,

York, Surry,. Lekefier, Gloucester, Norfolk, Northampton,

Warwick, Westmorland, Wilts, Derby, Worcester, Dorset, Middlesex, and Somerset, and for the Principality of Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock# in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Qharlton, according to Order, reported from the Sapplft Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to cpnfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refoludoo which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tlxe same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee#

, That the Sum of Two thousand Two hundred and Fourteen Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence be granted to his Majesty, to be applied and paid to Captain John Fjemon, ip full Satisfaction of all his Demands on#

Claims to, or Interest in, Forty Acres of Land in the Hand of Sheepey, in the County of Kent, now in Pof-section of the Crowp, whereon the Fort of Sheerness (lands.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed to by the Hqufo-

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from Army, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Mutiny and puQi(hing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- Daemon, ment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Cornnfiittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

And another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, by inferring after the Word * in Fol. 4. L. u these Words "##*

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Amendment by

7 M ' Then

594 15* — 16° Februarii. A. 1753.

Then the Question was proposed, That after the Word in Fol. 4. L. 1. these Words be inserted; viz. # *#- - *

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Februarii }

Anno 26° Georgii lldi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Levant A PETITION of the Mayor, Corporation, Mer-

Trade. chants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants,

of the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somersett And also,

Ditto. a Petition of the principal Clothiers and Manufacturers of Hampton, Nai If worth, and Woodchester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fe-veraliy letting forth, That there is a great Decrease in the Exportation of Broad Cloths to Turkey, which the Petitioners apprehend is owing to an exclusive Grant to a Company of Merchants trading thither; and alleging, That this Monopoly hath given our great Rivals the French an Opportunity of supplanc-ing us in this Branch of our Commerce; and that the Petitioners conceive the most likely Method for recovering this once so valuable Branch of Trade, is to lay it open to all his Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey for all his Majesty’s Subjects, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper; and to grant such other Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Bkto. A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read 5 alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, it would greatly contribute to the Encouragement of exporting Woollen Manufactures of this Nation to the several Ports of Turkey, if the Trade to those Places be made open arid free to all his Majesty’s Subjects; and that all Monopolies give our Rivals the French, and other Foreigners, a great Advantage over us in this and many Branches of our Commerce; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, by making the Levant Trade free and open, very great Advantages will accrue, as well to the said City as other trading Places in the Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey for all his Majesty’s Subjects, and give such other Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Ire upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Hobart, Mr. Horatio Walpole

senior* and Mr. Townshend, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

Heiring Syke Mr. Wilson presented to the House, according to Order, Hoad. a gill widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heiring Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, through the Town of Kirkby, in Kendal, and from thence to Emont Bridge* in the said County of lVeftmcrland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

_Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Boston, &c. The Lord Robert Bertie reported from the Committee,

Snjall Debu. to whoin the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of

Boston, the District called Skirbeck Quarter, and other Suburbs adjoining to the said Borough, lying within the several Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto set; and also the Petition of the Mayor and BUrgeftes of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Francis Bernard Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the Borough of Boston: That there is a Court therein for the Trial of Civil Actions: That the Proceedings of the said Court are dilatory and expensive, and very ineffectual for the Recovery of small Debts:

That there have been great Complaints, on account of the Expence and Delay in the Recovery of small Debts:

That Skirbeck Quarter adjoins to the said Borough, and makes Parc of the Town of Boston:

That there are other Parts of Skirbeck Parish which adjoin to the said Borough, and are Part of the Town:

That the rest of the Parish of Skirbeck lies about Half a Mile from Boston, and is thinly inhabited.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill foi* the more easy and speec% Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Boston, and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Boston, and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln: And that the Lord Robert Bertie, and Mr. Which cot 9 do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Manchester whom the Petition of the Warden and Fellows of the Church. College of Christ, \nManchester, and County of Lancaster, founded by King Charles; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; were referred; That the'Committee hdd examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame; as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Thomas Buerdfale said. That there are only Two Churches in Manchester \ and that the Increase of the Inhabitants of late has been so very great, that the said Churches cannot contain One Quarter of them, exclusive of the great Number of Parishioners of adjacent Villages, who frequent the said Churches; whereby many of the Inhabitants are prevented from attending publick Worftiip.

Then a Charter granted by King Charles the First, in the Eleventh Year of his Reign, was produced; by which it appeared, That the said Warden and Fellows are possessed of a Piece of Ground in the Town of Manchester, called The Parsonage; which the Witness said, he apprehended, would be a very convenient Place whereon to erect a new Church, and also for a Church Yard.

And Mr. Moss informed your Committee, That the said Warden and Fellows are desirous, that Part of the said Ground should be appropriated to that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Church within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that the Lord 13 ' Strange,

﻿a6 Geo. II. i6° Februarii. 595

Strange, and Mr. Bold', do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of The House being informed. That the Chamberlain of Fund404 London attended at the Door; n ’ He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London, at Midsummer 1752.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Keighley ta Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to Kirkby whom the Petition of the Justiccs of the Peace, Gentlemen, KccdaiRoad. Owners and Occupiers of Lands, lying near, and contiguous to, the Road leading from the Town of Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby Kendal, in the County of lVeftmorland\ and of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Burgcrfles, of Kvkby Kendal aforesaid; and also of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, principal Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the Towns of Halifax and Bradford\ in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto iub-feribed; were levcrally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: WThere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Christopher ricard, being examined, said, That the Woollen Manufacture carried on in the several Towns mentioned in the Petition, and the Villages adjacent, has of late Years considerably increased; and that he apprehends, if the said Road was amended, the said Manufacture might still be further extended, as such Reparations would facilitate the Carriage of the said Manufactures, as well as of Coals and other Provisions necessary for the Manufacturers:

That the said Road is 53 Miles in Length, and very bad, the Soil in general being ftonv, rocky, and uneven: That the greatest Part ofit is very inconvenient, and dangerous for Wheel Carriages, and in many Places too harrow; and he instanced one Part in particular, which he had measured, and found to be no more than Four Feet Eight Inches w ide:

That the Inhabitants are obliged, from the Inconve-niency of the Roads, to use small Carriages drawn by One or Two Horles only; and whenever larger Carriages have been made use of, they have generally been broken or overturned:

That ’tis impossible for the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, to repair the same by the ordinary Course of Law, there being great Numbers of Cross Roads in the said several Parishes, amounting in the Whole, according to a Calculation the Witness has made, to 176 Miles in Lgngth:

That he had been Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Settle, when he obliged all the Inhabitants liable to Statute-work (except Two) to perform the fame; but that Work was ineffectual; and that many of the Townships, through which the Road leads, have been several times indicted on account of the said Road; and particularly, that the Town Clerk of Lancaster had, by Instruction of the Merchants of that Town, caused several Parts of the Road to be indicted at the Assizes at York; which Prosecutions had cost a large Sum of Money.

He further said. That, if Turnpikes were crested, the Tolls collected thereat would be sufficienc to amend the said Road, the Country abounding with proper Materials; VOL. 26.

and that the Repair of the same would bt of great and publick Utility.

Mr. fViiliam Bazvdwen said, He was well acquainted with the said Roads; and confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Picard in every Particular (except so much as relates to Mr. Picard's being Surveyor of the Highways); and added further, That the Road had frequently been indicted at the Quarter Sessions, as well as the Assizes, particularly that Part of it which lies in the several Townships of Skipton, Farnbill> and Keighley.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland: And that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Wilkinson, and Sir fames Lowthet, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Frederick Cavendish reported from the Com- Burton lipon mittee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Free- Trcnt Road* holders, Traders^ and others, residing in and near the Towns of Derby, in the County of Derby, Burton and Litchfield, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to therri, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard IVbitby and Mr. Joseph James, being severally examined, said, That the Road leading from the’

End of the Town of Burton next Litchfield, through Burton, to the End of the Town of Derby, is, from the Narrowncfs of the Road in forne Places, the Nature of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing through 1

the fame, become so ruinous, that, in the Winter Season,

Carriages cannot pass without great Danger and Difficulty; and that the same cannot effectually be repaired and widened by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby: And that the Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Rivett, do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom Dyfert the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Harbour. Burgh of Dyfert was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Christie and Mr. John Balfout severally said. That the Harbour there is at present, and has been for several Years part, in a very ruinous Condition, great Part of it being fallen down: That the same is very conveniently situated, and might be made very safe and commodious: That great Quantities of Coals and Salt are exported thence, and would be much more if the Harbour was in good Repair; which will require a considerable Sum of Money to do.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced an Account (under the Town Seal, arid signed by the Town Clerk) of the yearly Revenue and Burdens of the said Town, for the Year 1752; whereby it appeared, That the Revenue of the said Town amounted to 57/. 10s.

6T*id. and the Outgoings to 59/. 7s. 2d.-, so that there remains a Deficiency of 11 16/. 7T\d. to be rcaffefled upon the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part bf a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or

fold,

T a^cafler. See. Roads.

Game Laws.

plundering

Shipwrecks.

Peploe’s

Name.

59 6 160 Februarii. A. 1753.

fold, within the Town of Dyjfert, and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Three hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of the said Town: And that Mr. Oswald, and Sir Henry Erskine, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, principal Tradesmen, and other the Inhabitants, in and contiguous to the Towns of Tadcaster, Newton, Collingham, Harewood, Arlington, Poole, and Otley, in the County of York, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Highway betwixt Tadcnfter and Otley aforesaid, is in many Places not only so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other; but is become so deep and ruinous, that many Parts thereof are impassable for Carriages; and cannot effectually be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law*. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for creating a sufficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-houses in the said Road; and for levying a Toll or Tolls upon the fame; and that by the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be repaired in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as. it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Charlton, Lord Strange, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Neale, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, Captain Montagu, Mr. Wright, Mr. Gray, Mr. Barry, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Torke, Mr. IVbichcot, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Powney, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Poore, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gcdolphin, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Ker, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Stuart, Sir John Cust, Mr. Jcnyns, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bold, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Bofcawen, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Sandy $, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fane, Mr Tracy, Colonel Acourt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lane after, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Edwards and Mr. Mountagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, an Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties infiifted upon Persons who destroy the Game, by enlarging the Time within which Suits and Actions are to, be brought by Force of the said Act, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall Real or detain Ihipwxecked Goods, and for the Relief of Persons suffering Loffcs thereby: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable John Peploe Birch, an Infant, heretofore called John Peploe, to take and use the Surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuanrt to the Will of Samuel Birch Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was pueposed ;to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 19, 20. To leave out "the said."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Peploe Birch, an Infant, heretofore

called John Peploe, to take and use the Surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuancto the Will of Samuel Birch Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Chrft Church, Middle-/ex, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foilowerh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Carter being examined, said, That the Number of Poor in the said Parish are of late greatly increased j and that the Rate in 1745 was only 1,589/.; and in the Year 1751 it amounted to 1,972/.; and the Rate for 1752 will amount to above 2,00c/.; and that if a Work* house was erected, near One-half of the Poor would be employed, which are now relieved by weekly Pensions.

Thomas Jtfrw Esquire said he had lived 79 Years in the Parish, and is a considerable Manufacturer; and if the Pariili was enabled to build a Workhouse, it would not only in a few Years reduce their Race to near One-half, but be the Means of employing several idle People; who, if they were obliged to work, would be very useful to the Community.

George Garret Esquire confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Jarvis; and added, that weekly Pensions rather hurt than assist the Poor; and that the Increase of their Poors* Rate has been so great, from the great Number of Poor, who will not work, that in the Year 1731, when h: iived in a large House of his own, he was rated to the Poor only 2/. 8 j.; that he is since removed to a smaller House; and in the Year 1751 was rated Six Pounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, more effectually to enable the Parifoiojiers of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein: And that Mr. Cooke, and Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right Honourable Herbert Lord Viscount Windjor and Baron Montjoy of the Isle of Wight, and of Brigadier General Richard Ingoldsby% Churchwardens, the Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in hi* Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of 43d Efizabeth, and also an Act of 2d, and also of the 3d and 4th of William and Mary, were read; whereby distinct Rates are directed to he annually made, for Relief of the Poor, Repair of Highway, and cleansing the Streets, of the said Parish: And,

Mr. Simon Parry, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, informed your Committee, That, in pursuance of the said Statutes, separate Rates have been made for the Purposes afor.elaid; but, from the Manner of collecting them, great Deficiencies have been found in the Sums proposed to be raised, particularly in the Scavenger’s Rate; but that if the several Rates were united, and under One Collection, the same would be a very considerable annual Saving to the said PariQ\, and better answer the Intentions of the said recited Acts.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved,

Christ

Church

Workhouf*

Hanover

Square

Parish.

LekrSrr.&c.

Road.

My Bill; S*U Luuei.

Sapply Bill Luki Tax.


L

26 Geo. II. 1 6* Februar597

Re/olvtd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the bettervRelief and Employment of the Poor, in the ParilTi of Saint Geoge Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of V/cJiminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of IVeJiwinster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parish: And that Colonel Cornwallis, the Lord Htllfbcrcugb, the Lord Trent-bam, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Garth> Mr. Vyner, Colonel l^ee, and Mr. Salusbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Borough of

Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town nt/lfbby dela Zoiub, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Gray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Fazakertey, Mr. Barrow, Lord Strange. Mr Chester, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Kynajkn, Mr. Hay, Mr Lyster, Mr. /La/- Mr. Lascelles, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Neale, Mr. Har dirge, Mr. Fell owes, Colonel Stanwix, M r. Prcwje, Mr. Gharlt.n, Mr. Tyner, Ai.. F.A^ud, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Yorke. Sir Richard IV,1. wick Bampfylde, Mr. Wcdehcuje, Mr. Rary, Sjr Charles Ktm lyntc, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Hinde ( Aten, Sir Co; del 1 i eb>cce. Sir WaSer Blatket, Mr. Batburf, Mr. Ridley, Mr. *7birnbagb, I ord Lgmont, Mr. H'ejl, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gcjby, Sir Edmund If ham. Sir Francis Pco:et Mr. Dowdy'well. Sir Henry i rjkine, General Onslow, General ilandefy. e, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. //a;/, Colonel heighten , and ali the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Warwick, and Stafford: And t :ey are*to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charltcn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please ro receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Chariton reported from the Committee of the whole House, ro whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1 753,was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and jhen a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

VOL. 26.

Ordered, That tke Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Ordered, That Mf. Barrow have I eave to rtiake a Gloucefte^ Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester, under their Common Seal,

And the said Petition was read reciting several Provisions in an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of Queeh^wffr (for incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at work, the Poor of the City of Gloucester) and in an Act made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repealing Part, and making more efflftual the Residue, of the aforesaid Act; and setting forth. That, according to the Directions of the said Act, the Poor of the Hamlets of Lit tie worth.

Saint Michael's, Saint Mary de Lead, and Saint Katharine's, which are Hamlets lying in the County of Gloucester,hut adjoining to the said City, have been constantly taken in and maintained by the said Corporation, etfer firice the: time of making the lad of the said Acts; 2nd that several Doubts and Difficulties have arisen, whether the Persons that have executed the Offices of Governors, Dcpuiy Go* vernors, Treasurer, or Special Assistants, for Two Years, can be re-chosen into the same Offices; whereas it frequently has happened, and may happen, that the Persons that have executed the said Offices for Two Years, may bd willing, and may be the fitted Persons, to be chosen into the said Offices, for Two further Years; and that several Persons, after they have applied for Relief to the said Corporation,at their full Courts, and after their Circumstances, and the causes of such their Applications have been there fully enquired into, and they have been refused Relief there, as not being proper Objects thereof, have immediately afeer such Courts, and when their Circumstances have not in the lead been altered, applied and got Orders for Relief from private Guardians; whereby frequent Dif-putes have arilen, and the said Corporation have been frequently put to unnecessary Expences in relieving Persons not being proper Objects of Relief; and that the Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, when they have been duly appointed, have, in many Ir»dances,been very remifsin collecting, and paying the Money certified by the said Corporation; insomuch, that the same Money very frequently hath not been paid till Six or Nine Months after the same hath been certified and ordered to be collected; and some Parts of the said Money have been often unpaid for several Months, after the said Officers have been out of their Offices; nor have the Justices of the said County or the said Corporation, by either of the said Acts, or by any Law now in Force, as the Petitioners arc advised, any Power of compelling the said Officers to account for, or pay, the said Money, when the same hath been collected; and that, in some Indances, Officers hath been appointed, who have collected the Money certified, and have thereupon absconded, and never paid the same to the said Corporation; and that sometimes Persons have been appointed Overseers of the Poor of some of the Parishes of the said City, who were not resident therein, and therefore not obliged by Law to serve the same Offices; whereby the Corporation hath been under great Difficulties to get the same collected; and that in t^e Years 1749 and 1750, one Henry Ward was appointed Ovfcrfeer of the Poor of the Hamlet of St.

Mary, Barton Street, being one of the Hamlets of St. Mary de Load, and that the Sum of 5/. 11 s. 2d. Part of the Money by him collected for the Maintenance of the Poof of the said Hamlet for those Years remains unpaid; and that for the present Year the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of *"

St. Mary, Barton Street, have procured a Person to be appointed Overseer of the Poor of the said Hamlet (there being accultomably never more than one appointed to that Office for the said Hamlet) that is not an Inhabitant in the said Hamlet; so that the said Corporation are likely to lose the Sum of 82/. iji. 7 d. being the Money certified to be 7 N raised

160 — 19*

A- 1753-

raised in the said Hamlet, for the Maintenance of the Poor thereof, for this present Year; and that Persons who apply for Relief to the said Corporation have been sometimes intitled to small Tenements and Parcels of Land, which the Corporation, though obliged to relieve the said Persons, are not by the said Acts impowered to seize or take; by which several Matters the said Corporation have been frequently laid under great Difficulties, and much streight-encd in their Stocks and Revenues, for the Maintenance of their Poor; and from which they cannot be delivered but by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be passed, or a Clause added to some other Bill, for explaining and amending the said Acts, in regard to the several Matters aforesaid j and for relieving the Petitioners concerning the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Bayntun, Nlx.Kynaftony Mr. Richards> Captain Saunders, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hill, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Willy y Sir William Yonge, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fel-lowesy Mr. Jfflecky Mr. Mortony Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Cookey Mr. Lafcellesy Mr. Charlton, Mr. Barbory Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandysy Lord Egmont, Mr, Hunt, Mr. Fairfaxy Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Bathuvft% Mr. Vyner> Mr. Thombagh, Mr. Charles Townshend, and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester> Worcester, Wilts, SomerJety Hereford, and Monmouth, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the Hoilfe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunts, 190 die Februarii;

Anno 26° Georgii IId' Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

The House being informed, That Mr. Lebeup, from Dispositior.of the Treasury, attended at the Door* Grants.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account, shewing how the Money give'h for the Service of the Year 1752 hath been disposed of distinguished under the several Heads, until the 19th Day of February 1753; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as folloWeth; viz.

g

cq'

o

r

►a

An ACCOUNT, Ihcwing how the M6ncy given for the Service of the Year 1752 hath ’been disposed of, distlnguiPned under the several Heads, until the 19th- Day of Tebmary I?5J

and the Parcs thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon.

SERVICES.

*4

z.

~a

V.

o

"For the Vi«fluals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, for 10,000 Men, for 12 Months and 19 Days, beginning the 1 It January 175a ....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-Fay -

Towards the Buddings, Rt buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships in the Year 1752 -

Towards the Support of Gremixich Hospital -.Towards paying oft* and dii’charging the Debt of the Navy -

For Sea Services for the like 12 Months and 19 Days

I For Land Services the Sum voted was 119,156/. 4*. 8</.; but there being a Saving on that Head, of the Sum of 2,426/. 12s. Gd. by Vacancies of the Poll of the Mailer-General, and his Secretary, Uftder Secretary, Clerk, and Chief Engineer, that Sum is deduded, and no more charged than -

te For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charges of'18,857 eftedive Men, for his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Gstern/ey, for the Year 1752 . - -

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Gibraltar, and Providence, -

Upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines -

Upon Account of Out Penftoners of ChelftaWofprtal -

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to Officers and Gontlemcn, of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards -

Far Penfioms to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines - -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1751., not provided for by Parliament -

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagement with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty -CThe like for the Elector of Saxony, King of Poland ——

* ( Upon Account of Services incurred in the Year 1751, in supporting and maintaining the Settlement in Nova Scotia, not provided for by> J! § < Parliament -

( Upon Account for supporting his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1752 -

" To make good the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year 1751; towards which there is remaining the Sum.x)f 16,506/1. 5/. 2$</. uniflued

6*997 8 3

5»43* 6 4.

i*737 H 4} 24,102 19 5

5

u o

p

Js

«rl3

v 2 o CO

h

The like Sum, paid thereout for Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1759 The like of the Doty on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1751.

The like of the Duty of 12/. per Barrel on Sweets, at Michaelmas 1751 -

The like of the additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer 1751 -

The like of the Duties on Glass and spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer

The like of the Duties oa Houses and Lights, at Michaelmas 1751 - -

To make good the Deficiency at Christmas 1751, of the Duties on spirituous Liquors, granted Anno 1743 The like of the additional Duties on Wines, granted Anno 1745 -

The like of the Duties on Glass, and spirituous Liquors, granted Anno 1746* -

The like of the Half old. Subsidy ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Malt 1750, at Lady-day 1752,.

To make goodthe Deficiency.of the Land Tax 1750, at Michaelmas Z ' -

s.a.969

61,067 7 104

17*119 *4 4r

6,69317 4

24968 12 ici 89,925 10 7

Sums granted.

£ d.

4s'.7i; *4 3

*77.71» 16 5

100,300 0 0

9>6?9 9 0.

500,000 0 0

25>557 - 10,

11-6,729 s.763 12 2-

iS 9

611,101 6

229.9*3 *3

60.000 o j8,44« 14

4.522 l6

l3

22,412 15

20.000 o

37.000 o

9r

0

7

6

1

1

o

o

21*042 19 6! 40,450 o 10

54*75* 5 Sk

162,304 17 io£

138,707 15 2

122,833 10 11 93.522 5 e

Total granted.

L

1,769,203

,»°4,)55+

61,493

Hr >9

4-S

S7*.«'9 14

1 fill'd.

69,^1 19

13

,041’^4

6u*9*

4»-

Remaining.

o

O

51

cs

cr*

Si

16.5

06

err

SO

Towards supporting the Bniij'h Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa

For making Compensation to the kite Royal African Company, for their Charter, Lands, Forts,.and Effects, and for other Services relating thereto, mentioned in the Ad 250 Georgii lldi Regis - - . *.

Towards making a new Road proper for the Passage of the Troops between Carlisle and Newcastle upcn-Tyne -Towards paying and defraying extrabrdinary Expences of the Mint, pursuant to Act of Parliament 19* Georgii Lldi Paid Persons for their Loftls by the in fed io us Distemper amongst Horned Cattle -

, To enable the late Trullees for the Colony of Georgia in America, to defray the Expences incurred by them - "

To pay off and discharge the Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per'Centum per Annum, charged 40 Georgii IIdl, on additional Stamp Duties

750.000 C500,000

500.000 1 >4°o,oooo

The Grants towards supplying the said Services.. s, d.

o o By the Malt Duties, continued for the Year 1752.. a o By 3/. per bihram on Land, t5V. 1752. o o Out of the Sinking Fund.

o o By Exchequer Bills charged on the Sinking Fund*.

£. s. J. 10,000 o o

112,142

3.000

4.000 6,6:0

4.000 400,000

102,928

3.000

4.000 6,6co

4.000 400,000

4.150,000 o o Total Ways and Means.

4» 13 «>964 1 o 11 i Total Services.

>8,035 9 Overplus of Ways and Means.

4»>3>»9^4 10 ill 4,106,244 5 6

Residue of the Ways and Means undisposed; viz*

Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund From whence dedud what remains to be paid out of the Supplies -

Rest is the Overplus of the Grants Anno 1752, as hereia dated

d. 0 £ s. d.

0 0 9.*I4' 0 3

0

0

0

0

6 25,720 5 si

4, *06,244 5 6

4,131,964 10

43’755 *4 6

- 25.720 5 5*

- 18,035 9 ol

O

CQ

N'

CD

O.

This Account, {fated in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, uporr an Address of this Honourable House, U humbly prefenced this 19th Day of February 1753.

(D

o

O-Q

rT

Petlr Leheuf.

1

M.

w.&

a -a

Februarii. ^.1753.

2 6 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Accounts The House being informed, That the Deputy Gover-from the Lc- nor, and Treasurer, of the Company of Merchants of Eng-pany. °m" rrac*mo *nro Levant Seas, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders 5

A Book, intituled, Orders or By-Laws of the Levant Company: And also,

An Account of what Persons have been received into the Freedom of the Levant Company, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 1752.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Book and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Book and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Bo, k was, by Order of the House of the 17th Day of April 1753, returned 10 the said Company i and the said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bifing Stone Lieutenant General Onslow presented to the House, ac-

Roads. cording to Order, a Bill lor repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Bajing Stone, near the Town of Bagjhct, in the Parish of Wir.diesham, in the County of Surry, through Frimley and farnbam in the same County, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropey, Bjhops Sutton, New Alresford and Mattingley, othciwife iviat ter ley Lane, to the City of W:nchester, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hanover Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp PrcUor be added

SquareParish. to the Gentlemen, who arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Squaie, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways within the said Parish.

Schoen’s, *c. An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Join Henry Schoen, Peter Nat. Rodolph, George Alexander Fatio, and William Du Bois, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph, George Alexander Fatio, and William Du Bois.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Levant ' A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Owners of Trade, ships, of the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That the Exportation of British Manufactures to Turkey, is of late greatly decreased; occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by a Company of Merchants having a Gran t to trade thither, exclufi ve ofall the rest of the British Subjects; and that our Rivals the French have greatly increased their Woollen Manufactures, and also their Exportation of them to Turkey, and thereby lessened the Sale of those of Great Britain in that Country; which, as the Petitioners apprehend, is not occasioned only by the Advantage that Kingdom hath over this, in its Situation for that Trade, but also, as they verily believe, by the large Profit which an exclusive Company generally infills on for their Goods: which, though an Advantage to the Company, is a great national Loss; and that the present exclusive Charter, and high Prices of British Goods in Turkey, enable the Merchants of Leghorn to import British Manufactures to that Port, and to reship them from thence to Turkey, also to bring back to that Port the Product of that Country, particularly Cotton, which is re-shipped again, in great Quantities, for Great Britain j and repre-lcnting to the House, that it is the Opinion of the Petitioners, that the most probable Means to enable the , Merchants of Great Britain to vie with their foreign Ri-

Vql. a6.

6oi

vals in this Trade, and to restore it to its former flourishing State, will be, to lay it open to all his Majesty’s Subjects, who, either separately, or in small Societies, can export or import Goods on much lower Terms than a large exclusive Company, under a Charter, will or tan do:

And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laving open the Trade to Turkey to all his Majesty’s Subjects, under such Limitations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Grosvenor, and Mr. Warbur- Levant ton, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to Trade, prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Debtor* Majesty’s Gaol at Montgomery, was presented to the Petition. House, and reads complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Trustees for the North OundleRoacI, Division of the Royston Road, leading from the White Post on Ale anbury Hill, to Wansford Bridge, in Huntingdonshire: And also of the Gendemen, Trustees for the Road leading from Market Harborough, in Leicestershire, to Brampton Pound, near Huntingdon; and of the Gentlemen, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Oundle. and Barnwell, in the County of Northampton, and of Thurning, Winwick, Hammer I on, Coppingforth$

Upton, Alconbury cum Weston, Buckworth, and others, ill the County of Huntingdon: And also of the Gentlemen of the said Counties, living near, or adjoining to, the said Parishes, whose Names are thereunto subscribedj was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several large Droves of Beads, and also Wool-Waggons, and other Carriages (many of them supposed to be Elopers from the great Royston Road), have, for several Years past, but more especially since the lace Erection of another Toll Bar at Wandsford\ gone by Oundle,. Barnwell, Thurning,

Winwick, Hammer ton, Upton, (Ac. aforesaid, and so on to the London Road at Alconbury Weston, to the Prejudice of the Tolls on the said London or Royston Road: And that, whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, for erecting Toll Bars on the Road leading from Market Harborough, in Leicejlashire, to Brampton Pound\ near Huntingdon, the Petitioners apprehend that they shall be still more and more aggrieved by Elopers from those Bars, as that Road lie^ but about Three computed Miles Sourh, and the great London Road about Two computed Miles North of this ancient Road, leading from Oundle to Alconbury Weston, through the Parishes above-mentioned j and that, by these Means, the said ancient Road is so cut* and torn up, that Travellers, and more especially the Farmers, are very much hindered, and often deprived o* going with their Grain to Market i and also that great Trespasses are thereby committed, both in the Corn Fields, and grazing Lands, through which the said Road goes, to the Damage ot both Landlord and Tenant and that notwithstanding great Endeavours have been*used to repair the said Road, and upwards of One Mile was well repaired in the Four last Summers, by a large Contribution collected amongst the neighbouring Gentlemen, vet the Petitioners arc utterly unable to repair the same effectually, because the more they amend it, the more they apprehend they will bring those Elopers upon them: And therefore praying the House to take the Damages and Sufferings of the Petitioners into their Consideration; and, in order that the said ancient Road, leading from Barnwell, near Oundle, through the Parishes above mentioned to Alconbury Weston, may be amended, and the Trefpnffes committed by Elopers removed, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erect a Toil Bar at the Mile Brooks in Hammerton Parish, and another at Barnwell Gate aforesaid, with Two collateral Bars, if judged necessary $ and that the Profits arising by those Toll Bars,

7 O may

190 Februariii

6 oi 19° Februa1753.

may be applied to repair and amend the Road on which such Toll Bar shall be erected; and that Orders be given as to the Premifts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Carysfort, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Which cot, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hat dirge, Mr. Vyner, Sir Richard Wrottefiey, Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Drake, General Han-dejyde. Captain Saltnders, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ridley, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cust, Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wat Jon, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Barrington, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gyhbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Neale, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Colleton \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Lincoln, Rutland, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Boston, &c. The Lord Robert Bertie presented to the House, ac-Small Debts. corcjing to Order, a Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Boston, and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skit beck, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First: time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Salt Duties, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *c‘ continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and

White Herrings, for the PurpoLs therein mentioned, was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A4h c)f Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to his

AfT Majesty, That he will be gracioufty pleased to give Di-em rediions, that there be laid before this House, the printed A6h of Assembly, past'ed in the Island of Jamaica, from 1681 to 1737 inclusive.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Stratfield Sea A Petition of George Pitt Esquire, Patron of the Rec-Church. tory and Parish Church of Stratfield Sea, in the County of Southampton, and Joseph Trapp Clerk, Rector of the said Parish Church, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by Indentures dated the 28th of - December 1752, and made between the Petitioners and the Bishop of Winchester, after reciting that the said Joseph Trapp was feifedof the Site of the saidChurch and Churchyard, and of the Parsonage House, and of Two Closes of Arable Land, lying on the South Side thereof; and that the said George Pitt was seised of a CIoffe of Pasture, called the Higher Down; and that the said Joseph Trapp was willing, at his own Expence, to pull down the said Parsonage House, and to build a new House instead thereof; and that the said George Pitt and Joseph Trapp had agreed, That it would be more convenient for both Parties, that the said new House should be built upon Part of the said Close, called the Higher Down; and thatthe saidClofe should be exchanged for the Scite of the said Church, Church-yard, and the Parsonage House, Gardens, and the

Two Closes of arable Land, as is therein mentioned, It is witnessedjThat the Petitioner George Pitt did grant the said Close or Pasture, called the Higher Down, unto the said Joseph Trapp and his Heirs, in Exchange for the Lid Scice of the said Church and Church-yard, the faiJ Parsonage House, and Homestead, and the said Two Closes of Arable or Meadow thereto adjoining, which were by the said Indenture granted to the Lid George Pitt and his Heirs, in Exchange for the Higher Down aforesaid; and that the ‘said Bishop of Winchester did thereby, under his Episcopal Seal, signify his Consent to the said Exchange, and did, as much as in him lay, ratify and confirm the same; and the said George Pitt did thereby covenant, at his own Cods and Charges, to apply for an Act of Parliament, in this present Session, for ratifying and confirming the said Exchange; and further setting forth, that the Parish Church of Stratfield Sea aforesaid, is an ancient Building, and very much out of Repair, and the Petitioner George Pitt hath proposed, at his own Expence, to take down the fame, and rebuild another, upon a Field called the Further Down, and to assign, and lay out, and wall in a proper Quantity of Ground for a Church-yard or Cceme-tery to the fume, in case the Scite of the present Church and the Church-yard be vefied in him, discharged ef all Right, Title, Interest, or Claims, of the Parishioners of the said Parish; and that the Lid Parishioners, assembled at a Vestry, held on the 17th of January 1753, did, by a Writing under their Hands, signify, that the said Proposal had been duly weighed and considered, and that the same would be beneficial to the said Parish, and proper to be carried into'Execution, when the said George Pitt should be so minded; and thereby desired him to apply for an Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And that Part of the several Highways, leading from Heckfield to 1Brantley, and from Bramley to BeackbiU, and king through the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner George Pitt, being very inconvenient, he hath proposed that the said.H'gh- ' .*:«

way should be flopped and discontinued, and to pnake a new Road over other Part of his Eft ate, to be substituted instead of the Road now used, and which will be shortcr and more commodious; but that although it would be convenient and beneficial to the said George Pitt, and to the Rector and Parishioners of the Parish of Stratford Sea diart* said, that the above-mentioned Proposal and Agreements should take efteft; yet a> the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner George Pitt, so respectively agreed to be exchanged, and applied for the several Pur poles aforesaid,

Rand settled and limited upon him, and his Brother and Uncles, and their lfifucs, in drift Set dement; and by reason of other Impediments and Disabilicies, the L:d Proposal and Agreement cannot be effectually carried into Execution without an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill /may be brought in for effecting and establishing the Exchange so agreed upon between the fcd'George Pitt and the Rector of Stratfield Sea; and also for carrying into Execution the Proposal for taking down the old. Church of Stratfield 'Sea, and building a new Church instead thereof, and making such new Road as afore-mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in1 a Bill, ppr-ftiant to the Prayer of the Lid Petition: And that. Mr.

John Pitt, and the Lord Barrington, dp prepare, . upd bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants South Sea of Great Britain, trading to die South Seas, and ocher Parts Company. of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, was prHcntgd to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in a General Court, holden on the First of this inllant February, came to a Resolution, that the Court of Directors be impowered, with all convenient Speed, to make proper Application to Parliament, in the Name of the Lid Company, that after the Expiration of the Three Years, for which the present (governors and Directors are chosen, the Court of Directors of the said Company may consist of One Governor, One Sub-Governor, One Deputy-Governor, and Eighteen Directors only; and that the Majority of such

Court

Carlid? to Newcdilic Road.

African

Company.

16 Geo. II.

if — 20d F

Court of Directors, whereof the Governor, Sub-Governor, or Deputy-Governor (except as in the said Company's Charter is excepted , ro be always one, may from thenceforth be deemed a Court of Directors; and that from thenceforth also, the Election of Governors and Directors may be, annually, between the 25th Day of December and the 6th of February; and that the First Election of Governors and Eighteen Directors may be between the 25th Day of December 1754 and the 6th Day of February then next following: And therefore praying, That the Matters contained in cl e foregoing Resolution may be carried into Execution, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ptir-suant to ti.e Prayer of the Lid Petition: And that Mr. Burrell, and Mr. Briylozv, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Cornnniftioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Northumberland', by virtue of an Act, patted the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from :he City of Ca, itjle to the Town of Ne-wcafle-upon-Tyne, being ottered to be present.d to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommrnds it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was bought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with the utmost Care, caused Part of the said Road, in the County of North umber land, to be amended, and made great Progress towards executing the other Trusts reposed in them by the said Act; but that the Petitioners cannot finish the said Road, or completely execute any of the Powers vclted in them, unless the House shall grant the Petitioners a further Sum of Money for those Purposes*. And therefore praying the ! loufc to rake the Premiles intoCunsideration, and to grant the Petitioners such a further Sum of Money, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Mer-. chants trading to /Ifrica, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having been informed of some Attempts, made by ocher Towers, to settle ujxm the-Gold Coajl of Africa, thought it their indispensable Duty to represent to his Majesty, and the Lords Justices, the absolute Necettity of rebuilding the Fort at Amamaboe, as well for the SatisLftion of the Natives, who desired it, as for the Preservation ot that valuable Branch of Trade, so important to this Kingdom, and to his Majesty’s American Colonies, with which their Excellencies in Council were pleased to concur, and ordered the Pcthioners To proceed immediately in the said Work; and that the Petitioners, in Obedience ro that Order, issued upwards of 6,oco/. for Stores, Materials, Artificers, (Ac. out of the io,coo/. granted for the Supply of the Forts for the Year 1752, rur cioubting, from the Necettity of the Service, that their Coir Rift therein would be approved by this House: And therefore praying, That the House would be pleased to take the Importance of the Trade to Africa, and the Necettity of crofting the said Fort, into their most serious Consideration; and grant such a -bum, for the bulling, repairing, and supporting the Forts for the ensuing Year, as t the House shall seem meet.

(’Jrdeicd, That tire laid Petition be referred to the Con-fkleration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Si jesty.

Vol. 26.

The Order of the bay being read, for the l4oufe to Ways anci resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to McauS* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Read- Performs tic* ing of the Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to perform ^n^aran~ their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Hies of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Neva Scotia, from 1 ft November 1751 to 31st December 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Charges incurred by fiip-porti. g and maintaining he Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, from the Commencement of this Service in the Year 1749, to Ghriflmas 1752, distinguished under the several Heads thereof, be referred to the laid Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated at Lady-day 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Suplulfcs stated the loth of October 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr, Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. (.hariton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refolu; ions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 200 die Februarii.

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

RAYERS.

PETITION of the principal Clothiers and Manufac- Levant turers of Wootton Underedge, and Parts adjacent, in Tra(Jc* the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a great Decrease in the Exportation of Proad Cloths to Turkey, which, the Petitioners apprehend, is owing to an exclusive Grant to a Company of Merchants trading thither; and alleging, that this Monopoly has given our great Rivals the trench an Opportunity of supplanting us in this Branch of our Commerce; and, that the Petitioners conceive, the most likely Method for recovering this once so valuable Branch

6o

20° Februa

A.

17 5 3

Levant

Trade.

Ditto.

of Trade, is to lay it open to all his Majesty’s Subjecb: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill be brought in for laying open the Trade to 'Turkey for all his Majesty’s Subjects, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper; and grant such other Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Bradford, and Villages adjacent, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Woollen Cloths to Turkey is of late Years greatly decreased; which the Petitioners apprehend arises folelyfrom an exclusive Grant to a Company of Merchants trading thereto; and alleging, That the true Cause why the French, our Rivals in Trade, have supplanted us in this important Branch, ariseth from our Monopoly, and not from any superior Excellency in their Commodities; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that this valuable Branch of Trade might be easily recovered, was it laid open: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey i and that all his Majesty’s Subjects may have free Liberty of trading thither, under such Restrictions and Limitations as the House shall think fit; and to grant such other Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Clothiers and Manufacturers of the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somer-Jet, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That there is a great Decrease in the Exportation of Cloth to Turkey; and that the same is owing to the Trade being carried on by a Company of Merchants, to the Exclusion of the greatest Part of his Majesty’s SuhjeCls; and that, if the same was laid open, it would be a Means to increase the Exportation of Woollen Cloths: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief to the Petitioners, as the House shall judge most meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

And it is referred to Mr. William Lyttelton, Mr. Gybbon, Sir George Lyttelton, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Wllfon, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Buller, Lord Strange, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Newnbam, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Richard IToyd, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Drake, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Belchier, Mr. All-good, Mr. Barry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grenville, Mr. HoHyn, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fane, Mr. Thcmbagh, Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Bond, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Aldwcrlh, Mr. Powney, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Williams, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Townfend, Mr. War bur ton. Lord Hilljlorough, Mr* Southwell, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Salujbitry, Colonel Conway, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Neale, Mr. Kent, Mr. V/iglew Mr. Bayntun, Lord Digby, Mr. Hunt, Sir William Ccd-rington. Captain Saunders, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Phi/lip-Jon, Mr. Richards, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Hill, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Powney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wcrcester, Salop, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stourbridge/ A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Sec. Road*. Landholders, and Tradesmen, residing in and near the Towns of Stourbridge and Hagley, in the County of Worcester, and of Hales Owen, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Market House in the said Town of Stourbridge, through Amblecoat, to Wordjley Green Gate, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford; and like wife the Road leading from the said Market House, through the Parishes of Oldfwinford, Pedmore, Hagley, and CJent, to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Belbr ought on, in the County of Worcester \ and also, through Oldfwinford and the Parish of Pedmore, to a Place called Clap Gate, in the Parish of Hagley; and likewise the Road leading from the said Market House, through the Parishes of Oldfwinford and Pedmore, to the Sign of the Crown at Iverley Hill, in the Parish of Kinfare, in the County of Stafford, towards the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and likewise the Road leading from Blake Down Poole, in the Parish of Kidderminster, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Hales Owen, to the Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway-head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; are in divers Places very ruinous, ' and in many Parts thereof very narrow and incommo-

dious; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the famy, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for widening and repairing the High Road lead- Heirin^Syki ing from Heiring Syke, which divides the Counties of Lan-c after and Westmorland, through the Town of Kir I: by, in Kendal, and from thence to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wit-son. Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hay,

Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thorn -hagh, Mr. Prowse, Colonel Lee, Mr. Hunter, Lord Strange, Sir Franis Drake, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Colston,

Mr. Powney, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster,

Mr, Salusbury, Mr. Bond, Mr. Allgood, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Buller, Sir Lynch Cotton,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Pye, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pop-ham, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pytts, Sir Dan.

Osborne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, Durham, Fork, and Lancajhr: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

A Petition of the principal Freeholders, and several Frame work Tradesmen ofdivers Occupations, in the Town and County ultlers* of the Town of Nottingham, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons inhabiting in the said Town and County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Frame-work Knitters Company of the- City of London, by virtue of certain By-laws, arrogate to themselves a Power of extending their Jurisdiction over all England, and have lately creCfced a Court in the said Town, in order toexercise the said Authority; and alleging, That the Revival of a Jurisdiction amongst the Petitioners, after haying been Twa-and'TwentyYears difufsd, is likely to be attended with fatal Consequences; for that the Fees and Demands of this Court are so exorbitant, and will be so oppressive upon the poor Manufacturers, that it is to be feared they wilL be obliged to remove to some foreign Part, where, they can exercise their Trade free from these arbitrary Taxes; by which the Trade of the Kingdom in general, and of the said Town and County in particular, mult be greatly injured, and the landed 1 ncereft very much affected: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners, and the said Town and County in general, such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions relating to the Business of Frame-work-knitting are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; io and

Com Bounty.

Dover to Barham Down Road*

Flim well Vent Road.

26 GEO.IL 20 Februarii.605

and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, tb the'-House.

A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn,' from the Port of IpJwich, in the County of Suffolk, was* presented to the Houfr, and read; setting forth, That the* Petit'oners have, at divers times, bought, and ex, orted. from the Port of Ipfwieb. great Quantises of Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Malt;‘and that the Petitioners,in dipping and exporting the fame, have firidW observed the' Directions and Intentions of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Bouncy allowed on the Exportation of fuclr Corn and Malt; but have not been able to obtain Payment of the said Bouncy due to them for the said Corn and Malt; and reprefcnnng to the House, That the Exporters of Corn from the City of London have, at all times, and do now enjoy, the full Benefit of the Bounty, being paid' the same in Three or Four Weeks after shipped: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and make such* Provision for the Payment of such Bouncy as is now due to the Petitioners, as to the H life shall seem just; and also for the better and more fiffcctual Payment of such Bounty-money, as Hull hereafter become due by virtue of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coh-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, residing in that Part of the Sea Coast in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough of King's Lynn and the Bornugh of Great Yarmouth, in the said County; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained ip this Petition,

The Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Ksnt; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Kent, residing near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from Dover to Barham Down, in the said County of Kent; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Pbineas Stringer said. That he knows the Road mentioned in the Petitions, which is about Seven Miles in Length, and the Whole of it in a very ruinous Condition; and that Three Miles out of the Seven are so narrow, that a Horseman can’t pais a Carriage, and it is dangerous even for a Foot Passenger to do it:

That the Surveyors of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, had informed him, that the Laws in being were inefficient to repair the Roads, on account of the several By-roads the said Parishioners were obliged to repair; and that,in the Parish of Wotton, to the Witness s own Knowledge, the Statute-work had been performed, and Six Pence in the Pound laid out upon the said Roads; which has been found inefficient to repair the fame.

Captain Southcot confirmed the Evidence of the aforesaid Witness, so far as regards the Narrowness and Badness of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and repairing, the Road leading from Dover to Barham Down, in the County of Kent: And that the L.ord George Sackville, Sir Whistler Webster, and Mr. Caley, do prepare, and bring in, the sanae*

A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons, living in and near the Road leading from a Place called Flimwell Vent, in Vol. 26.

the Parish of Licekutft, in the County of Sussex, through the Towns ot* Roberts Bridge and Battle, and the Parifo of Ore, to the Town-and Port of Hastings, in' the said County, was preferred to the House, and read; fctrfhg-forth, Chat the said'Road is become so ruinous,‘that, in' the Winter Season, fdme Parts thereof are not 6nfy almost impassable, but, by being so narrow, are very in common dious: And therefore, in regard the said Road cannot be amended^ widened, and kept in Repair* by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall feerft' itoeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(tdefation of a Committee:' And that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report the fame, as it shall appear t# them, to the House: . -

And it is referred to Sir Whistler Webster, Mr. Pelham, Lord George Cavettdish, Mr. Finch, %\r. Lraty, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Aldworth, Mr; Kynaston, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gwyrnte Mr. Gybbm\ Mr. Locke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wests Mr. Hardinge, Mr.* Charlton, Mr. Yownjhend, Mr. WilfoH, Mr. Colleton; Mr. Belchier, Mr. harbor, Mr. Fellow is, Mr. Burrell^ Lord Hillsborough, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bond, Mr, Alderman Baker, Lord Downe, Sir Waite* Wag. Bagot, Mr. Fitz. Studamore, Mr. Fane, M'trWdtJbn, Mr. Newn-ham, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bayntun, Mr; Gray, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Or me, Mr. Warburlcn, Mr. Leveson Gower % and all the Members who serve for the Counties df Suffer and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Pipers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Copyholders having Right of Common upon certain Wastes and Commons in the Manor of Hexham, in the County of North-umberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within the Manor and Parish of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, there are Two Moors, Commons, Fells, or Pieces of Waste Ground, called Hexham East Common and Hexham West Common, which at present yield little Profit; but that the same are capable of Improvement, when inclosed; and that Sir Walter Blackett is Lord of the said Manor, and also Impropriator of the Tythes of the said Parish, and several Persons, Freeholders and Copyholders, have Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, Fells, or Wastes; and that the said Sir Walter Blackett, and other the said Freeholders and Copyholders, are willing and desirous that the said Moors, Commons, Fells, or Wastes, should be divided and inclosed, in regard the same will be a manifest Advantage to all the Parties interested therein, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates; but that the said Inclosure and Division cannot be effectually established without an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr* Allgood, Mr. Burrell, Sir Walter Blackett, and Mr. Ridley, do prepare and bring in the fame.

Mr. William Lyttelton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester (to wit) from the Welsh Gate in the said Town to the Dog-banging Bank, and from thence, by Cleo-bury, Mortimer, and the Wood-house, to the Lbree forked Pole upon the Cleehill, in the County of Salop-, and from the Dog-banging Bank to Newnham Bridge, in the said County of Worcester; and from ‘Linkers Gate, in the said Town, by a Farm-house in Possession of William Fid-kin, to Dunley, in the said County of Worcester; and from Dog-lane Gate, in the same Town, through the Parish

7 P rf

Hexham

Inclosure.

Bewdley, 5rc. Roads.

6p6 lo° FebruaT 1755*

o£JKinlet, to thfe Village of Pt eject\ in the said County of, Salop; wasr Committed; That the Committee had examined the . Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to bertrue; and that the.Committee had gone though the &11, and made several Amendments therepnto; which they had directed him to report to-die, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being federally read a {Second time, wjere, upon the Que ftion fever aft#k put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the-House.- ' j; / f |.f. J - '

- Ordered, That the further C^nfide^tron of the said Report be :adjoimiedr,until the.Jbloufe shall have-proceeded upon the Orders of the Day..... t-

KnltxersWOrk Petition of the.Master,gardens, Assistants, aodSo-ciety, of Frame.-work Knitters, and also of divers Hofiers, Dealers, and Manufacturers in the said Trade, who live and reside in and:aboot the City of London, was preferred to the Hqufe, and read; taking Notice, That several Petitions have been presented to the House,- complaining of the Proceedings of the said Company, in regard to their By-laws, and other Matters mentioned in thp fai^, Petitions; and setting forth, That these.Petitione.rsrwere incorporated by a Charter of King Charles the Second, by virtue whereof they have, from time to timq, made such Orders and By-laws as to them appeared belt calculated to advance and improve^the said Manufactory, and, as they hope to make appear to the House, without any such Intentions or EffeCls as are alleged in the said Petitions; and alleging, That the said Manufacture is of the utmost Importance to the Trade of this Kingdom; and that some further Regulations are necessary to be made therein forreftorigg the Credit thereof, which has of late Yean very much decreased in the most valuable and eifcntial Branch: And therefore praying, That such of the Petitioners, as are Members of the said Company, may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, in order to exculpate themselves from the Charge contained in the said Petitions; and that the House would be pleased to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for regulating the said Trade, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, relating to the Business of Frame-work knitting are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the said several other Petitioners, who have petitioned this House against the said Company of Frame-work Knitters, to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Opening a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Comthon Council,

for^rUh011 Prmc, Pal Merchants, and Citizens, of the City of Exeter,

Vfook was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Woollen Manufacture, carried on in the said City and Towns adjacent, hath for a long time laboured under great Discouragements and Disadvantages, for want of having the Liberty of importing Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland into the Port of the said City, the Petitioners being put to an extraordinary Charge, not only of a needlcls Land Carriage of more than Forty Miles, but also of Commissions, Warehouse Room, and Port Charges; all which together are a heavy Load on the Manufacture: And therefore praying. That the Liberty of importing Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland may be extended to the Port of Exeter, ir\ such manner as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening the Port of Exeter for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland; And that Sir. Francis Drake, Mr. Charles Townjhendy and Mv. iSydenham, dp. prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys ftynte be added to ther Levan* Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare? and bring in, a Trade. Bill for enlarging and regulating die Trade into the Levant Seas.

Mr. Charliont according to Order, reported from the Soppiy. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred tp consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyf the Resolutions which the Committee had directed* hiin to report to the House } which he re^d jo his Pfece,ami afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where me. same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refchedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That a. Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven thousand Foot hundred pprty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Pence, be granted to his Mgjeity, upon Account, for. de-fi|ay^g:(:he Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the £f#leqnentq^ his Majesty’s Colony of N.ovq Scotia^ in the Year 1752^ and riot provided for by Parliament/*

Rejobedy That ft is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a. Sum, not, exceeding Forty - seven thousand One hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotiay for the Year 1753.

Rejohcdy That it is the Opinion of this. Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Nine hundred Sixteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas:

1751: t / /"

Refohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Forty-nine Pounds Three Shillings and Threepence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace ‘to‘the’ Sinking*’Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good cheDe.-ficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 17 52. ....

Refohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Eight hundred For,ty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame* to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit, or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1752.

The said Resolutions being severally read aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petirion of the Commissioners and Trustees, whole cari;flet0 Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the NewcaOle County of Cumberland^ by virtue of an Act, patted the koad, last Session of Parliament, for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the City of Carlisle to the'Town of . Newcastle upon Fyr.e, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; feting forth, That the Petitioners have, with the utmost Care, caused Part of the said Road; in the County of Cumberland, to be amended; and made great Progress towards executing the other Trusts reposed in them by the said Act, and with the greayft Caution and Fruga-6 Uyi

Performance of Quarantine.

Constables

Charges.

Bewdley,

Roads.

%6 Geo. II.

1 o° — 2 i0 F

liry 5 but that the Petitioners Canhoc cdtopfete (be said Road, or completely execute any of the Powers vetted in them, unless this Hogse shall grant ,the Petitioners a further Sum of Money, exclusive of what remains in their Hands for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such a further Sum of Money r as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upoti the Table*

A Bill to oblige Ships more tffc&ually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better peventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts ifttb (treat Aritam or 'Ireland, or the 1 firs of Guernsey, Jersey\ Alderney, Sark, 6t Alan, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, That the Btirbe committed; ' 1

The House was moved, That the Sixth and Seveftfh Sections of an Act, made in the ’Seventh Year rx>f the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fir Hftntifo ted. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the; Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann% (intkdiod,-A'A Act to oblige Ships, coming from Places infected, more effectuaily to perform their Quarantine); and* for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreigA Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifies of Guernsey, J&fty* Alderney, Sark, or Man, and ro hinder ttoe spreading of Infection; and also, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing such Clauses $n the Act, passed in the Seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign (relating to Quarantine and tho Plague) as give Power toremove Persons from their Habitations, or to make Lines about Places infefted’; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill be committed; ~

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Abd then the.:House adjourned itill f Morning, Nine of the plbck./

To-mofrbw

I . Jk-uH ?n;b

1 — In rrT-fr

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, in

92-

49-

Sir George Lyttelton, )

Mr. Ellis: J

Sir Francis Dashwood, 7 Mr. Alderman Beck/ord:y

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Thit the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve iclelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Charges of Conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of Persons who are to give Evidence against Felons.

fcc. The Order made this Day for adjourning the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Bewdtey, in the Counry of Worcester, (to wit) from the Welsh Gate in the said Town to the Dog-banging Bank, and from thence, by Clecbury, Alortimer, and the Wpod-house, to the Three-forked Pole, upon the Cleebill, in the County of Salop; and from the Dog-banging Bank to Newnbam Bridge, In the County of Worcester and from Tinkers Gate in the said Town, by a Farm-house in Possession of William Fidkin, to Dunley, in the said County of Worcester; and from Dog-lane Gate in the same Town, through the Parish of Kinlet, to the Village of Prefcot, in the said County of Salop, until the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day; being read

Ordered, That the future Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. Vol. 26.

.....Mercuriiy 21° die Februarli $

: Anrto c6p Georgii lldl Regis* 1^53. '?{ >

Prayers. , v-; V;

r\RD ERED, That the Order of the Day for reftiming Bewdiejr, kfy the adjoutned Consideration of the Report frdm^rhe Roads. Committee* to whom the Bill for repairing, amending^ind widening, the Roads leading from the Town of Bp&dley, in the County of Worcester (to wit) frorathe: WelffGate in the said Town to the Dog-hanging Bank, fend-from thence, by Cleobury, Mortimer, and the fVood-house, to the Three-forked Pole upon 'the Cleebill, in the County of L Salop b and from the Dog banging Bank to Newnbam Bridges in the -said, County of Worcester; and from Ti»:;

kers Gate^in the saki Town, by a Farm-house irfPof-.fefliQn'of William Fidkin, to Dunley, in the said County of fVonyfter. from, Dog-lane Gate in the same TowK, through the.Parish of Kinlet, to the-Village, of Ptefcot, in the Uid County of Salop.; was comnriitted; be now’reast.

And the said Order being read accordingly j *i.-4 Lift The House resumed the adjourned Gonfideracron of the said* Report; '-.Oerli

1. And the Refulue of the . Amendments/-fnade by^die Committee to the said. BH1, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally.pm thereujibii.

One.of them were disagreed to; and the Tell were agleed to by IJpdfe :*;And an Amendment- was made by c the House to the Bill. ____

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, tie jingrossed. ‘L .;

», -f.

v Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, Thatithelr Answer its Addrefsof Monday last (Hiat his Majesty would be gra- Address. jcioqfiy pleased to give, Pireftions, that there laid befote -this House the printed;Acts of Assembly, passed in the Island of Jamaica, from 16S1 to 1737 inclusive) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

? An ingrossed Bill for grarttieg an Aid to his Majesty by Supply Bill j a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service Land TaXi -of-rfie-Year 1753, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Yeari7j3.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for contiriuing the Duties upon Salt, supply Bill* and upon'Red and White Herrings, for the Purposes Sait Duties, therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Army, Mu* and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quar- tiny and D ters, was read the Third time* feruon.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

The House being informed, That Mr. Crumpe, Clerk Mercers to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at* Company, tended at the Door.

« He

6o& 2i° Febru 1753.

' He:was called in; and/at the-Bar, presentfed to the House, a Paper, intituled, The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the 23th September 1751~tathe Toth of October. 1752, directed to he laid before eaefr.House of Parliament, by an Act passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

Hemel Hem- Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to

fled Small whom the Petition of the Bailiff and Afllftants of the Town

ts# of Hmtl Hemjled> in the Hundred of Dacorum and County of Hertford, and also of the several other Performs refuting in the Town and Parish of Hemel Heihftedyzhd other Towns, Parishes, and Places; within the said Hundred, whose Names are thereuhto subscribed, Was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed himr to report the feme, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report.in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Itbe Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fbUpwcch; viz. ‘1

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition;

; Mr. Ephraim Love said. That the Towns of Metnel Hemjled,.string, and Barkhamfted, are the largest-Towns in the said Hundred, of which ‘ Hemel Hemjled is the chief: That there is a great Trade carried on ih those Towns, which necessarily occasions the contrafting many final! Debts $ and that the great Efcpence in the Recovery thereof prevents Creditors suing for their just Debs; and that a moreeafy Method for the Recovery ofibclv Debts would be of great Advantage to the several PferfOns refuting within the said Hundred.

And Mr. Hugh Smithy Surgeon and Apothecary/ said. That he has several Hundred Debts now owing under 40s. and that several of his Creditors set him at Defiance, even those that are able to pay.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of, this Committee, that the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a* Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Parish of Hemel Htmjledy and several other Towns and Parishes within the Hundred of Dacorum} in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

# more speedy and easy Recovery of small Debts within the

Town and Parish of Hemel Hemjled\ and several other Towns and Parishes within the Hundred of Dacorum, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Hale, Mr. William Lyttelton, Mr. Hardinge, and Sir William Tonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Carlifleto Ordered, That Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Brake, Mr*

P«#rnh Cox?, Mr. Earle, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Farrington, Mr.

Road. Hampden, Lord Harley, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Brand, Colonel Bafcavoeny Colonel Holmes, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Jennifon, Colonel Vane, Mr. Wilkinson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the CoiMKy of Cumberland, is committed.

Burton upon The Lord Frederick Carvendish presented to the House,

Trent Road, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent,

in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the So&th End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby: And the same was received 5 and read the First time. '

Rtfobuedt That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Francis Drake presented tb the House, according tof Opening Order, a Bill for opening the Port of Exeter for the Impor- fxe,t?r/0It Cation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted BilHor enabling Abraham Carlton Esqu’wcy,

now called Abraham Gumberbatch, and his Issue. Male, to Name* take ary^ use the § um^ef9f- Cumberbauh>. was read, the Third time. . , :/

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be

An Act for enabling Abraham QarltmEfcpwz, now called Abrqbant Guiftfcrbatch, apd hislifue Male* to take and 11st the Surname of Cumberbatch. \ {

Or^ Tha^ Mr. Alderman Betbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. .; j


Wlx-f Popkayi reported from the Committee, to whom Seends&t* the Bill for repairing and widening the: Road from the West End of $eend$tfjeety in the County of Wilts, to TBe Horse\and Jockey, in the Parish*of Bopy in the said Coupcjr, was committed, That the Committee had examined tfe , Allegations of the Bill, and found the same ito be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ipade several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested, him* to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plape; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’*. Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a, Second one by_o#e;f and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, tb prevent Ale-house Keepers, and others, from enjoying any Offices urider this Act.

And the time was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Beat Rodolph Vi If or Nerbel was presented Nerbel’iNat, to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lyjler, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ConftaMe* whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Charges of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of Persons who are to give Evidence against Felons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Powney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mi*. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning*

Ahd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Levant Trade*

r

Artoonti

frtfpccting the Levant Trade*

Northaller* ion Road.

l6GtiO. II.

%V Februarii.-:

6op

yvisy 2 2° dFebruaritj

Anno a6* Georgii II'1 Regis, 1753.

P«

AYERS.

APE TITIO N of the Clothiers of the County of Wilts, on the behalf of themfeivts, i and many Thousand ManufaAtirers employed by thrift,; Was prefenced to the House, and read j jetting fortbj. That confidccable -Qyantuies of Cloth, manufactured it chefakl: Town and Neighbourhood, were formerly.sent hut; that, of late Years, this Branch of Trade hath.been'm a great measure loll; which the Petitioners conceive to be owing to the Discouragements brought upon it by.an,incorporated Body of Merchants, enjoying and eicercifing . an ejmhtfivg;Privilege of exporting J'uch Manufactures to Twyto'i/and observing, That the Fmch Trade to , } those Parts in Wqollens, when heretofore in Jike. Circufla-; , Ranees, uodw ^.'Management of a Company enjoying such an exclusive Privilege, did jn like rnaoner:d*e'Tafc; whereas, since the Diflolucion of that Company in France, rand. the laying Open of; the Trade- tts Furke}', which happened towards the End of the last Century, the have annually ii>creaied their Exportation of V\ ooHens \thithrr, and are now our most iormi iablfc; Rivals in all ,4^ rPpfte of 'the Levants and alleging, That, j( feme . Repiedy be not (peedily applied, they, and other Eoreign-. ers,.;bia fair to iogrofc to themselves the Cloth Trade to thoff^arts , And therefore praying, That, ?s Leave hath i been given by rhf House to bring in a Bill for enlarging and regulating, the Trade to Turkey, the same may pass into a JLaw, in such Form ?s shall render that Trade tree -snd-open to-all Jits M^qfty’s British}bubjefts; which the Petitioners conceive:to-be the only Means lete for retrieving it; or that such other Relief may be granted, as to the House ShallTeem meet. ;v.

Ordered, That th,c f*id Petition do. fie upon the T*We.

t*». . 1 a , , J ' " ‘ '

V The House berrrg informed, That Mr. Oxenford, from r^h*c Commissioners of the Ctistoms, attended at the ]3bor;

; He was tailed iirrrand, at the Bar, preferred, to t&c House, purfoant to their Orders, 1 ‘

An Account of what Quantities of Woollen.M^nu-Taftures have been exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 1752, distinguishing each Year; and also, #

An Account of what Quantities of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn have been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 175a, distinguishing each Year. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ta,ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of his Majesty's Jfustices of the Peace, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions holden at Thirsk, the 3d Day of October in the Year of our Lord 1752, in and for the North Riding of the County of Yotk, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of and in the said Riding, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from North Allerton, in the County of York, to the Town of Tbxrsk, and from thence to Eastngwold, and from thence to the City of York-, in the find County, is in the greatest Part thereof so ruin^ ous and narrow, that it is impracticable for Carriages ro pass thereon, without great Danger; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by Law, be amended, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiles into ConOderation, and gram such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House Ihatl seem meet*

Vol. a6.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (Hall appear* to then:,t o the House 1

And it is referred to Lord Down:, Mr. Bowes, Mr. dVilkinfoti) Mr. Butler, Sir Johri Turner, Mr* Hay, r.

Salusbury, Mr. Thornhaglo, Mr. Wation, Lord. Charles pouglass\ Mr. Nor they,. Mr. Code ton. Colonel Lee, Mr.

Conolby, Me. Offiey, Mr. Fan/haio, Lord Robert, Bertie,

Lord Digbyr Lord Burleigh, Mr. Farrington, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Harvey, Lord Bury, Mr. Wifiarn Lyttelton,

Lord . George Caveqjish, Mr. Rigby, Lord Frederick Cavendija, Mr. Myddclton,t\v Kendrick "Claytoil, Mr. Trq~ vanion, Mi] Clayton, Mr. Tracy, Mr* Elliot, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Poore, Mr. Neale, Mr. Lyffer, Mr. Kynaftw, Cojonel Acowrt, Mr. Moreton, Mr. IVa: burton, Sir Richard Lloyd*

Mr. Walpole,. Mr^ Gwyqn, Mr. Chetwynd,. Sir Rnhdrd Wrottejley, Mr. yjffieck, Mr. Com;tat, Mr. Lewis,. Mr.

Gore, Sir William Calvert", Mr. Thornton; and J all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,'Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lane after, ;, i, V

and for North Britain: And they, are tp meet this,

‘ Afternoon - at Five, of- i;he Clock, a the; Speaker *s ChamH. r- And have Power to fend for Periyns, Papers, and Records*;

vr: l

Mr. Laftelles reported from the CommittfeCf to whom Tadcaftei1* the Petition uf the GentledTen, ClergyV freeholders, &c, Roid* principal Tradesmen, and other the Inhabitants, in and fCOntigi^us to the Towns of Tadcaster, Newton, Col lingham, Harewood, Artbington, Poole, and:0r/t?y,- in [the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referredThat the.Conlmittee had examined,the Matter of the said Petition; and had direct<.d him to report the feme, as it apiK?ared to theql, to the Hotife; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ifT at t;he Clerk’s Tables Where the same was read; and is as foJloweth; viz. . j

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr William Thornton said, Th^r -the Road between Tadeafter and Of ley is a great *nd publick Highway, leading from the City of York to several considerablej trading Towns: That he has travelled the same lately, which is, in many Parts thereof,very narrow, and from the Nature of the Soil, bnngmoftly of a stiff Clay, and by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, is become so very ruinous, that in many Parts it is impassable for Carriages, and dangerous for Travellers passing along the said Road: That the Judges on their Circuits have almost always fined the Inhabitants, on account of the Badness of the Road: That some of the Towns, through which the said Road leads, have done their Statlite-work, and believes Five Shillings in the Pound would not be sufficient to repair the fame; and that it cannot be fufficienrff amended and widened by the Method appointed by the Laws in being. x

Mr. John Bnldwyn confirmed the above Evidence, with regard to the Badnefsof the Road; and said it would be of publick Utility, and Benefit to Trade, if the said Road was in good Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bring irt a Bill fof repairing and widening the Road from Tadtafter, through Newton, Collingham, Harevdood, Artbinglonand Pooli, to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of Yorkt And thatiMr. Lascelles, and Mr. Wilkinfonr do prepared, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Plan or* the Fort Intended to be bililt at Atmamaboe, and also an Account of what has been done towards erecting the said Fort, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be laid before this House*

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, pa({j;ngWn a Bill for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of chiuch¥ar<L Paddington, in the County of Middlesex: And the same iwas received; and read the First time.

Ktfolvei, That the Bill be* read a Second time.

7 Mf*

tf

Constables

Charges.

Ealand

Ro'ad.

Nerbel’s

Nit.

Stone

Church.

Carlisle to

Penrith

Road.

Boston, 4c. Small Debt*.

6i o 22 ° — 2 30 Februarii. 17 5 3.

Mr. Po&hey, according to Orcier, reported from the and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Lincoln, was read a Second time, better (Veering id Constables, and others, the Charges of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Robert convcying Offenders to Gaol, and fof allowing the Charges Bertie, Mr. Hay, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Hunter, Mr. of Persons who are to give Evidence against Felons, was Townshend, Mr. Legge, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Which-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had cote, Mr. Hume, Mr.* Hardinge, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Fel-made to the Bi.lt and which they hid (ji/efted him to re- lowes, Sir John Cust, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Prowje, Mr. port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j Sydenham, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. San fly$; Mr. and afterwards delivered the Biff, Vvith the Amendments, Scudamore, Mr. Gray, Sir John Peachey, Sir Richard in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wefe Wrottejley, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Salusbury, Mx.}Lift&, once read throughout; and then a Second time, brie by Mrt Pitr, Mr. 'Pcwney, Mr. Caley, General Handafyde, one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, NLx^Bo^es, Mr. Fhornhagh, Nb.Beikford, Mr. Anson, Mx. were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments Pelham, Mr. Seigiforis Mr. Banket, Mr. Yorkt, Mr. Potttr, were made by the House to the Bill General QneloWi Sir John Hinde Cotton, ^Gow&,

A Motion being made, That the Bill, with the Artiehd- Mft Willis, ‘Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Walpole, >tJlrAGottej Sir ments, be ingrossed 5 '* > Charles Vernon, M t.-Wigley, Mr: Ingram, Six Robert Gfcf-

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; ven'ory Mr. Xlmpton, Lord Egmotit, "Sir Wm.Middleton,

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Charles Kent. Fynte, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Rowney, Mf.

Morning next. Pytts, Mx. John Yorke, Mx. John Pin, Six Whiflier Wei-

jter, Adrtiital Vernon, Mr. Knighttiy, Mr. Mktit, ’Mr.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Frdcys,* Mt\ Buller; and all the Members who serve for Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granrpd the" Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And by an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his \theyiore tn^et this Afternoon at FiVe^of^hc Clock) in prdTent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing th^JRoad i the Shaker’s Chanifeeh -f.:.11;

leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds', \ti tfidW^ft ‘ , J..... v: ‘:

Riding of the County of York: And the same was re- ' v ^iYWh\fiRr We^er reported from the Committee-, to Flimwelt ceived; and read the First time. ‘ O ar the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Vent Road.

Refihid, That the Bill be read a Second time. r 1 ;Gentlemen? Clergy] Freeholders, and other Persons, living

in dhd n^ar the Road leading from a Pla^ called Air. Lyster presented to the House, according to Order* Vent, in the PatifH of Ficehurst, in the Cohhtf'ofSuffik, a* Bill for naturalizing Beat Rodo/ph Vitfor Nerbel: And A rough the Towns of Robtrls-bridge and Battle, arid'me the same was received; and read the First time. Parish Ore, to the Town and Port of Hajlth£s£in the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. feid County; was referred. That the Cohimitrce md examined the Matter of Ae said Petiriorl; arid had directed Mr. William Levcfon Gower reported from the Com- him to report the fame; as it appeared to them, to the mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the ' House; arid he read the Report in his Place 5 and *fter-Parish of Stone, in Ac County of Stafford, to rebuild the wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Whete'tlfe Church of the said Pariflv was committed. That the same was read; and is as followed!*; viz.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, MjL and found the same to be true; and that the Committee William Cranston said, That he is well acquainted with the had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amend- said Road; and that the fame, by reason of the Soil thereof; ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report and the many heavy Carriages frequendy passing the fame; to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; is become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments!, it is almost impassable; and many Parts thereof are ib in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pafc each other; and once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by that the same cannot be repaired and widened by -the prone; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, dinary Method appointed by the Laws in being, were agreed to by the House. > An4 several Members present at the Committee cofo

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in^- firmed the above Evidence, grossed. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Vent, in the Parish of Ficehurst, in the County of Suffer Morning, Nine of the Clock. ’ to the Town and Port of Hajlings, in the said County;

And that Sir Whijller Wobjler, Mr. Hay, Colonel Pelham,

.....-----:--- — ----- . -'n- and Mr. Sergifon, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Veneris^ 2 3 die Februarii \ Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Durham

Anno 26* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753. ! Petition of several of* the Trustees, whose Names are there- Road.

0 unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act,

Pr axers. ' passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his prefeiy

SI R James Lowther reported from the Committee, to Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the HigK , whom the Bill, for repairing the Road from the City Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of of Carlisle, ,to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said Churfty, was referred, Cumberland, was committed, That the Committee had That the Committee had examined the Matter of the examined the Allegations of the RiU, and found the same said Petition; and had di reded him to report the fame, to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which Report in hi^ Place; and afterwards delivered it in at they had directed him to report to the House; and he the Clerk!s Table; Where the same was read; and is as read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the followech; viz.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and before-mentioned Act of Parliament was read; by which then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questioa it appeared, that several Tolls and Powers were given and severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. granted for repairing the said Highway; which were to Ordered, That the Bill, with ‘ the Amendments,'be have Continuance for 21 Years; but no Tplls were made ingrossed. payable for Waggons drawn by Five Horses.

Mr. Salter being examined, said, That no Proviiiqo A Bill fox the ry»ore;easy -and speedy Recovery of fmaH having been made in that Ad, for Carriages drawn by Five Debts, within the^Borough of Bo/lon and Skinbeck Quarter, Horses, such Carriages pay only the Toll which is given 7 . for

fipers respecting Jamaica Main.

26 GEO. II.

130 FebruariL

iSii

for those drawn by Four I lorfcs; whereby the Tolls Have been considerably letiened since the Commencement of an Act of the 24th of his present Majesty, which prevents Waggons being drawn by more than Five Horses.

And he further said. That, at the time of passing the said Act, the Highway was in such a ruinous Condition, that the T ruftees were obliged to borrow, on the Credit of the Toils, considerable Sums of Money, to make the same payable.

Then he laid before your Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the said Tolls, together with an Account of the Money so borrowed; by which it appearedjjthat there is a Debt now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls, amounting to 5,800l.

And Mr. Salter added, That although the Money lb borrowed, together with the lolls coilefted, had been duly laid out and applied in repairing the said Highway, yet many Parts thereof, in the Winter Season, are in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be sufficientiy amended, and so kept, and the Debt paid off, unless the Term, Tolls and Powers, by the said former Act given and granted, ,be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the T wenticth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, /or repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to ?j Bridge, in the said County.: And that Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Vane, ivir. Lambtan, and Mr* Tempejl, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame. .;

Mr. John Pitt (.from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations) presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of the 24th Day of March last, a . Report, prepared in pursuance of the said Address, re-> lating to the present State of the lflaud of ‘Jamaica And ilfo,;

Several Papers, as an Appendix, to the said Report:.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Report was read.

; And the said Lift was also read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

N* t. An. Account of the Value of the Exports to, and Imports from, the I flan d of from Christmas

1747, to Christmas 1751, distinguishing each Year; with the Excess.

N° 2. An Account of Ships clearing out from Jamaica, to foreign Parts of Europe, pursuant to an Act passed in the itch Year.of his present Majesty King the Second; taken from Christmas 1739, to Lady-day

*7 5*-

N° 3. An Account of the Number and Tonnage of the Vessels annually employed in the Tfade between South Britain and Jamaica, for Five Yejrs, from Midsummer 1747 to Midsummer 1752.

N° 4. Copy of an Act for the better Discovery of his Majesty’s Quit-rents, passed the 18th of May 1745.

N° 5. Copy of* an Act, for the Amendment of an Act, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery of hrs Majesty’s Quit-rents, and for the obtaining a complete and effectual Discovery of the fame, passed the 1 ft of May 1746.

N*'6. Copy of an Act for the more effectual Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of an Act, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery of his Majesty's Quit-rents, and for the obtaining a complete and effectual Discovery of the lame, passed the 8th of May 1747.

N° 7. Copy of an Act, for cutting of Roads, and building Barracks, in the Eastern Division of this llland, and for raising and fitting out of Parties for the more speedy and effectual suppressing thte rebellious and runaway Negroes, passed the 9th of March 1733.

N° 8. Copy of an Act, for the better settling and securing the llland, and veiling several Parcels of Land in the Crown, and for building of Barracks, and fitting out Vol. 2$.

of Parties for the reducing the rebellious Negroei, and cutting of Roads, passed the aoth Day of Junta

N° 9. Copy of an Act, for the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants of this llland, in building Barrack^, and remedying and supplying same Defects and Omifiidns in the late barracking Laws, passed the 15th of May

N° 10. Copy of an Act for perpetuating ftieh Parts of the lace barracking Laws, as veiled several Parcels of Land in the Crown, and confirmed the Titles'of such Persons as have had Grants of any such Lands, pursuant to the said Laws, and for >dircftirtg Surveys tofre fnade of several Parcels of the said Lands, passed in 19th of July 1738. - —

- N° 11. Copy of an Act, for giving the same Allowances to new Comers, who shall take up and settle Lhnds Within the Parish of Portland, as those riew Cottiers are . intitled to who have taken up Lands at or hear JWbaton's Valley, or at or near Matitionel Harbour, by virtoe of ah -Act, intituled, An Act for introducing of white People into this llland,' for subsisting them for a certain Tithe, -and providing them with Land, that they fifty !befcofrre Settlers, passed the aift of May 1743.

N° 12. Copy of an Act, for giving the ftthe Allowances to new Comers, who shall take up and settle Lands within the Parish of Portland, as those riew Comers are intitled to, who have taken up Lands kbotticwNot-man’s Valley, or at or near Manchioneal Harbour, by virtue of an Act; intituled, An Act for introducing of white JPeople into) this llland, for subsisting them for a Certain Time,: and providing them wish Land, that they may become Sealers, passed the 07th of October 1750.

N° 13. Copy of an Act, to explain and amend ati Aftfc -intituled, An Act for! introducing of white-People into this island, for fobfilling the m- for a certain Time; and providing them with Land, that they.may betome Settlers; as also an Act, intituled, An Act for giving the same Allowance to new Comers, who shall take up and settle Lands within the Parish of as those new

Comers are intitled to, who have taken up Lands at or near Norman's Valley, or at or near Manchionel Harbour, by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act for introducing m white People into this llland, for fublilling them for a ccN tain Time, and providing them with Land, that they may become Settlers, passed the ad of 747.

N° 14. Copy of an: Act, for the better and effectual Encouragement of white Families, to becomfe Settlers.in this llland, and for giving a Bounty to certain Artificers to come over and exercise their several Trades, passed the ad of December 1749.

N° 15. An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this llland to provide diemselves with a fuffirient Number of white Men, or white Women, or Children, or:pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses, passed the 14th December. 1751.

N° jl6. An Act for the more effectual carrying intd Execution a Clause in an Act; mtituled, An Act for encouraging white People to come over, and become Settlers in this llland, and for the more easy and speedy settling the North East Part thereof, for making Pori Antonio a Port of Entry and Clearance of all Ships and Vessels, passed 13th May 1749*

N° 17. Copy of an Act, for the total Remifllon of several Debts due to the Publick from divers of the new Settlers at Norman's Valley, Manchionel and Portland, for veiling a Lot of Land upon the Bay or Harbour at Man-ebiontl, in each of the Settlers there, for the Conveniency of landing, storing, and shipping, their Goods to Market, in lieu of ocher Lots adjacent to the Barracks, passed 2d December 1749.

Ordered, That the said Report, and Appendix, do lie upon the Table.

The said Report, and Appendix, arepreserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. John Pitt also (from the Commissioners for Trade

Jamaica

nnri AfT,mkh

flnri A fT>mhlv

British

-Fishery.

6 rl 2 39 Februarik A. 1753.

: and Pkntari&nsypresented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty of Monday last, a Book, intituled. The printed A&S of Assembly, passed in the Island of Jamaica, from i6*ir to 1737, inclusive.

: And the Tide of the said Book was read.:

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to tJe peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the fcdiek- Papers of this Session.

*.b;irA Petition of the Society of the Free British Fiihety ^as'ipresented to the House,; and read; reciting several Provisions in an Act made in the 23d Year of his present ..MajeRy’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery; and setting forth, That,.pursuant to the Powers by the said A 6b given to Ws Majesty, the Petitionershave beenincorporated by Charter, bearing Date the 1 ith Day of October 1750:5 and a very considerable Sum of Money hath been paid jn towards carrying on an Undertaking, by the said Act declared ter be: ofgregt Importance to ihefe Kingdoms r and: thacthe Petitioners have made such Progress in the said Undertaking, as in the End cannot fail, as the Petitioners conceive (with ‘the Encouragements intended by the said Afr, and othdr Acts made fdr the Encouragement of the British Fishery^) t^answer the Expectations of the Publick, the Pfctitiortm jhaving already furnished Employment and Support for more than Twentythousendof his Majesty'sSubjedts* and thaun Executionrof this Undertaking, the Petitioner^ be^ tween. the:7th Day of November 1750 (being the Date of their Subscription) and the 26th Day of March kft;did or really and bondfdecontra#, to be paid within the Term of Six Mouthy allowed after the ExpiratioftAf Eighteen Months,. from the Date of such Subscriptio#, the Sufn of 104,509 /. and actually had,’before the Expiration of the said Eighteen Months, Moneyin the Bank* sufficient toianswer all their said Contracts; and such Money actually remained in the Bank far the Purpose of paying such Contradsj and that the Petitioners havecon*-plied with all other Directions of the said Act, to intitle jthemfelve9 to the Interest of3 /. per. Cents granted by the said Act for each Hundred Pounds, which should’ be employed in the said Fishery; and that the Petitioners coni ceiving the Society intitled to such Interest of $Lper Cent.

the said Sum, so.employed or concradedfor as aforesaid, did, on or about the 15th Day of July loft, lay before the Commissioners of the Customs the Accounts of the jTeveral Sums so employed as aforesaid, with their several Vouchers; and also the Qontrads so^fuchSums as were to be paid within the Cdurfe of Six Months, to be computed from the Expiration of the Eighteen Months,; before mentioned 5 and that the Petitioners were in Hopes that the Commissioners would accordingly have directed the payment of such Interest; but it appearing, that at certain Periods of Time the Amount of the Sums contracted to be paid, as aforesaid, exceeded the Sum remaining in the Bank, for the Account of the Petitioners, the said Coffii missioners did not conceive themselves authorized, according to the Letter of the said Act, to order the Payment of’ such Interest; and therefore, and for that Reason ohly, have refused to pay the fame; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, that, by their having in the Bank, before the Expiration of the-Eighteen Months, Money sufficient to answer all the Contra6b which were depending during the Six Months allowed after the Expiration*of the Eighteen Months; and having purlued all other Directions of the Ad, they have substantially performed the Conditions of the said Act, agreeable to the Intent and Meaning thereof;' and that they are intitled to such Interest of 3 I, per'Cent. intended as an Encouragement for the carrying on so important an Undertaking; and taking Notice of the several Days appointed by the said Act for the Rendezvous of the Petitioners Busses, and of the Provisions made for the Commencement and Duration of the said Fisheries; and alleging, that, by the late Alteration made by Law, in the Supputation of Time in these Kingdoms, the several no-

minal'Days! by the said Act appointed for the Rendezvous for the^Pctrtioners BufTes, and for the Commencement, and Duration of the feidrFisheries, will, for the Time to come, fall Eleven Dayseaflier in the'Year than was (as the Petitioners conceive) intended by the said Act, and by so much earlier than is observed for the Purposes afor6-said by other Nations tiling the same Fishery; and that the Petitioners, conceive the said Act is defective in Ibnte Particulars; viz. for that it is doubtful whether the respective Vessels employed by the Petitioners in the said Fisheries are obliged to have on board* at their Return into PoK from the Fishery, the same Number of Men as they are by 1 the said Act obliged tohave on board at their Rendezvous 5, for that it is doubtful whether the’Vessels employed by the Petitioners in the* said Fifliery5 arc at Liberty-to go into Port between the Intervals of the Two Fjlheries, which are called 1 he Shetland and the Yarmouth .-Fisheries r ill hough it is nbfolutely rteceftafy for them lb to do, as well for changing their Nets, as otherwise prb-paring for the Second FisheFy; and for that the Petition#?;

.are, by thefeid Ad,'restrained to the Use of Nets 6f Seven Fathom deep, which have been found by Experfendeto be ttiuch too deep for the Farm 1 tith Fishery, on Account of the.Shallowness of those^Seas, -Net& of Five Fathorfi being the proper Depth for theft Seasy and fooh as art ilfW by other Nations ufirigthat Fiffiery: And thereforfc praying the House to cake the Ffemifes into Gohficteteiibiv;

.and that Leave be given to bring fna Bill,' to explain^ amend vhnduender more effcdualj the said Act; and that such Relief may be granted, and Provision made for th6 Support, Encouragement, and further Regulation of the said Fiffiefy,'as:taitHeiHouse'shall feerri meetV ' T

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table/

r , . «..ii gj

A Bill for repairing^nd' widening the Roads feaefing Balingfto* from a Place called Bafwgstont, near the Tbton oCBagjFot, Road*-in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surry/ through FrimleyindFdrubamj in the same County* ahld from thence through Bentley, Ffdllybom, Alton; Chawton, Ripley, Hijhops Sutton, New Alresford, and i

Lane, to the City :bf TVirtcbesler, ;ih; the Gbimty^of Southampton, was read a Second time.; /

-RtjolvedThat the Bill be comtfiitfed'to 6eai^ValOnfiovti,

Mr. Hay, Mr Hunter, Mr. Pytts, Me: Legge, Mr. ky* nqfion, Mr. Fbomton, Mr.^ Lyfier,c 'Mr.-Henley, Sir John Cust, Lord Burleigh, Sir Francis Pcole, Mr. Ellis, Mn Fanshaw, Mr: Her, Sir Charles Vet toon, Mr.rStuart, Mr. Cadogan,~NlT. B<iftowe, M-r. Stanwix, Mr. PbiHrpfcn}

General Handajyde, Commodore Rodtiey, Lord Dupplin;

Mr. Selwyn,'Mr. Vyner, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fhemhagh, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Wejh, Mr Charlton, Mr. Salusbury} Mr. Cray\

Mr. Neale, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.'Sergifort, Mr. Lytteltonp Mr. Frankland, Mr: Clev/dnd, Mr. Sandy si Mr. Harding:',

Mr. Colleton, Mi^. M^lkin/bn, Mr. Conyers, Mr: Medlycott,

Colonel Acoitrt, Mr. Gwynn, Colonel1 Haldane, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Compton, ME ~ John'For he, Mr/ Toivkf.nd, Mr. Fracy,

Mr. Palmer, NlrsNortheJ, -Nlr. Gore, Mri tVilles, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Bul’ei', Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Lyttelton,

Mr. Monjon, Lord Londonderryk, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry and SouthamptonAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five^of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

. n v - - ' y. " i:7,

A Petition of John James Schweigbaujer, and David- Schwtij Girard of London, Merchants, was presented to the haurer^ House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to NaU bring in a Bill, for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of thedaid Petition: And that Mr.

Fellowes, and Sir John Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Barbor presented to the House, according to’Canfw, Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing Comswick, alias bicioil Watlajs MoOr, in the County of York: And the same was

received; and r^d the First time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An I

Bewdley, Scc. Road*.

Bridlington

Piers.

Importation

fifiCambrkks.

Deroo County GaoL

26 Geo. II. 23*

613

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester (to wit) from the Welsh Gate, in the said Town, to the Dog-banging Bank, and from thence by Cleobury Mortimer, and the Wood-house, to the Three-forked Pole upon the C/eehilly in the County of Salop; and from the Dog-hanging Bank, to Ndwnbam Bridge, in the County of Worcester \ and from Tinkers Gate, in the said Town, by a Farm House in Possession of William Fidkin, to Dunley, in the said County of Worcester; and from Dog-fane Gate, in the same Town, through the Parish of Kinfety to the Village of Prefect, in the said County of Salop \ was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 22. After " Zacharyto insert <c WH~ €t Ham Grofoenory Mojts Jones, and Joseph Radnal

Pr. 12. L. 18. To leave out c< Evening," and insert " Night."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. William Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Time, and continuing the Duties, granted by several Acts of Parliament, for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlingtony alias Burlington in the County of York \ and for making the said Acts more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Re/ohedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of the City of London, whdfeNames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for prohibiting the Wear and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, and further explained and enforced by a subsequent Law, has, by long Experience, been found ineffectual, to the great Detriment of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Loss of this Branch of Trade to the fair Merchants and Dealers, and putcing it into the 'Hands of Smugglers and unfair Traders: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to do therein, as to the House shall seem Tneet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, }

Tellers for the Noes, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of D«/w*,assembled at a General Meeting, held at the Castle of Exeter for chat Purpose, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of a Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County, lately presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, for erecting or purchasing a County Prison, or Place for Confinement of Debtors; and setting forth, That several of the Petitioners signed and agreed to the said Petition, being very desirous that a proper County Prison for \ol. 26.

Confinement of Debtors fliould be provided, tinder the immediate Care of the High Sheriff of the County, for the Time being; and that the House in which the Debtors are at present kept, together with the Gardens, Walls, and Courtilage thereunto belonging, is the Inheritance of the Custos and College of Vicars Choral of the Choir of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in Exeter, and is held by George Glanwill, the present Keeper of the said Ward or Prison, by i Lease for his Life, absolute, under a Rent of Seven Shillings a Year; and that the said House hath been used for the Purpose of aShcriffs Ward for Debtors, for the Space of near Sixty Years last pad, and is very commodious and proper for that Use; and that the said George dlanwilly since the signing of the said Petition, hath offered to fell and surrender his Interest in the said Premises, for Two hundred Pounds; and the said Custos and Vicars have offered to fell and alienate the Fee and Inheritance of the said Premises, for a Fine of One hundred Pounds, to be paid them in Lieu of a Fine, which, by reason of the Age of the said George Glq/iwill (who is Sixty-eight Years old) they may expect for a Rehewal of the said Lease, and for a clear Annuity of Eight Pounds, to be payable to the said Custos and College of Vicars, for ever, and to be raised on the Lands in the said County of Devon; which said Annuity is of more Value than the said Premises have, or are likely ever to produce to the said Custos and Vicars; and that the Dean and Chapter of the said Cathedral Church, who arc Patrons of the said Custos and Vicars, and also the Bishop of the Diocese of Exony have agreed to such Alienation on the aboveTerms; and that, by a reasonable Calculation made oi the Expence of erecting a County Prison,or Piacefor Confinement of Debtors,equally commodious with the above House, the same will amount to the Sum or Two thousand Pounds and upwards; and that calculating the said Annuity, in Fee, at Thirty Years Value, the said Purchase will cost the said County the Sum of Five hundred and Forty Pounds only; by which there will be a Saving to the said County, of about the Sum df 1,50c/.; but that the said Custos and Vicars cannot make any effectual Sale of the said Premises, without Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to refer the Matters aforesaid to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said first-mentioned Petition 19' referred; and do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chih-sideration of the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Cfergy, and Freeholders, of the Counry of Devorti assembled at a General Meeting, held for that Purpose, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it Ihatl appear to them, to the House.

Mr. William Lyttelton reported from the Committee, stoorbridge, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- &c. Road*/ holders, Landholders, and Tradesmen, residing in and near the Towns of S/o«r^r/^ and Hagley, in the County of Worcester, and of Hales Owen, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fastie, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered k in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. - jfifi

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

’Thomas (tight, Mr. Joseph Crumpe, and M r. Georgs St upper, were severally examined, and said, That the several Roads in the Petition mentioned are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious; and thatfche same cannot by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being, be effectually amended and widened.

Ordered, Thac Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roadsleading from the Market-house in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, through Amblecoat, to Wordfley Green Gate, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, and through the Parishes of Oldfvoinford, Hagley, and

7 R Cleat,

Supply.

ilanchester

Church*

White Sheet Hill, ice. Road.

Exetei Roads.

lalford, Sec. Roads.

Levant

Trade.

Ditto.

614 23* — 26° . A. 1753.

Gent, to the Bell bin in the Parish of Belbroughton, in the said County of Worcester, and through Oldfwinford, and the Parish of Pedmore, to a Place called Gap Gate in the Parish of Hagley aforesaid, and through the Parishes of Oldfwinford and Pedmore aforesaid, to the Sign of the Crown at Iverly Hill, in the Parish of Kinfare, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from Blake Down Poole in the Parish of Kidaerminjlbr, in the County of Warcefier, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Hales Owen, to the Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. William Lyttelton, and Mr. James Grenville, do prepare, and faring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Rtjolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con Oder further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun&y 26° die Februarii j

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753;

Prayers.

r17HE Lord Strange presented to the House, accord-X ing to Order, a Bill for building a new Church within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was,received* and read the First time.

; Resolved* That the Qill be read a Second time.

TJhe Lord Digfy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Topof a Hill, called White Sheet Hill, in the great Western- poll Road,in the Parish of Donhead Saint -Andrew,in the County of Wilts* through the Towns of Shaft on, otherwise Shaftjlury, Milborne Porte, and Sher-torne, in the Counties o{ Dorset and Somrfety and from thence to a House, called or known.by the Name of the Halfway Hcitfe, [ftuate in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said Qounty of Dorset: And the same was received} and read, the First time.

Re/blvedyt That-the Bid- be read a Second time.

.. Sir tyitti&n Tonga presented . to the House, according ffc.Q/der, a Bill for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter: And the same was received and read the pirft time.

ReJ<?lvedirY\\*t the Bill;be read a Second time.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a( Bill for repairing and: widening, the Roads /rqm the Ch*pcl, irt the Town of Salford^c* the Towns of Warrington, and Bolton, and through Wardl^y Lane, to t\\c?TQwn)oit Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Duxbury, and to a Place trailed the Broad Oak in Worjley, in the County palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and.readme First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A, Petition of the principal Inhabitants, and Manufac-tqrer$ in thejMc.tal Trade, refidingi^Dudley, in the County of Wcrcester, waspresented to due House, and readj representing to,the House, the Advantages which would arise to Petitioners, by opening the Trade to Turkey: And praying. That the Petitioners may be allowed to export their Commodities, in as free and unconfiped.a Manner as they, arc permitted to manufacture them.

A Petition of the principal Tradesmen and Manufacturers, in the Woollen and Iron Trades, in and near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worctfier, was rlfo presented to the House, and readi alleging. That if

the Trade to Turkey was laid open, it would occasion a much larger Export of Manufactures of the Petitioners:

And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey, under such Limitations as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Merchants, Clothiers, Levant Traders, and others, within the City of New Sarum, was Trade-also presented to the House, and read; complaining of a great Pecrcafc in the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures to Turkey: And praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey, under such Limitations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry, and Mr. Poore, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade inco the Levant Seas.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from tho City Carlisle to of Carltfle, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of PwnthRoad* Cumberland, Was read the-Third'time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Carltfle, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland> and from the said Town of Penrith to, Ermnt Bridge, which divides the Countfes of Cumberland and Westmor* land.

Ordered, That Colonel Stanwix do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Freeholders, Bucktonbun and Inhabitants, of the Shire of Berwick* was preferred and Bewick to the House, and read taking notice of* the Application Roadl* of the Burgesses of Berwick, for a Bill to ere®: a. Turnpike, for repairing the several Roads leading into the said Town and representing to the House» That none of the Roads leading from the Scots Gate of Berwick, into North*

Britain, extend to the Length of Three Miles, till they arrive beyond the Bounds of the Town of Berwick* into the said County; and alleging* That it Ujotprafticable to continue, by any Toll, or Contribution of the Inhabitants, the Reparation of the said Roads j and that, om the contrary, the intended Toils will be a grievous Burden on the said County only, without any reciprocal Advantage *, and that the Statute Work, if exacted and applied, will, undeniably,in a very few Years, repair all the Roads, and m'uft necessarily preserve them in excellent Condition, since the greatest Part of them are at.thia Time: tolerably good* though the Statute Work, hitherto employed in mending them, has been very inconsiderabku, and further repre-fentingto the House, that: a few Years ago* the said County did, at a very great Charge, by Subscription, craft a Bridge over the River Whitwater* within the District of Berwick, to facilitate the Communication with, and encourage the Trade of,.the said Town* and that the Burgeflas of the said Town then engaged to repair that Road, and only contributed a small Part of the Charge of the Bridge itself* which Bridge, from the late Floods,

.being now in Ruins, creates the only Reparation, worthy of tta Notice of Parliament, on the said Road, though of this no Notice is taken in the said Application. to the House; and alleging, That the Burden, intended to be laid on the said County, will become intolerable, if a Toll be

imposed without-Regard had to the small Proportion these Roads, from Scots, Gate, bear to the other Roads leading into Berwick, and unless the Toll be applied in repairing the Roads.on which it shall be collected, and if the^CommiflTiQners be not qualified, so as to be free of all Views beside the Execution of the Act and that the said County have, of late, been at a great Charge, by a Subscription among themselves, to erect a Pier* and almoll.to com- j

piete a good Harbour, at the Town of Eymouth, in order t

to^obtain the Advantage of a double Market for Exportation but- by die Burden of a new Toll to Berwick,

26 Geo. II. 160 Februarit.

will be again reduced to a single Market or Monopoly, and be compelled to confine their Dealings to the Town and Port of Eymouth; which will greatly obstruct the Improvements already begun in the said County, to the further difpeopling of that, now but too unpopulous, Part of the Kingdom: And expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the House will take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confidrration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of that Part of the County of Durham, commonly called Norbam, and Island Shires, lying North of the County of Northumberlandi and also, of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, under their Common Seal, were referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Paddington A Bill for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parifo of

Chorch-yard. Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Borrow, Sir William Beauchamp Profiler, Mr. Har-dmge, Lord Dowrte, Sir John Cust, Lord Trentham, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lane, Mr. Lyjler, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Neale, Mr. Prowje, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Strange, Mr. Wilkinjon, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gore, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Carey, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hay, Mr. West, Lord Digby, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Popham, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bcyntun, Mr. 1Sutler, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fellowes, General Handajyde, Mr. Bold, Lord Howe, Mr. Cocks, Sir Cor del Fircbrace, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Thonjbagb;

‘ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

lartcm-upon- A Bill for repairing and widening; the Road from the

Treat Road. West End of the Town of Burton upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, wa* read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Cavendish, Lord Downe, Lord George Cavendlfb, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Digby, Lord Dupplin, Lor&Howe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Coventry, Sir Wm. Tenge, Mr. Gore, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Hale, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Wni. Catvert, Mr. Colli-ton, Mr. Beckford, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. WUrburtort, Mr. Gray, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Willes, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Profit or, Mr. Metr calfe,.Mr. West, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Buller, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Bond, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Wenmtm, Mr. Bathuvft, Mr. Merton, Colonel Cornwallis,. Mh Walpole, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Neale, M t. Freder ick, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Strgi/bn, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Palmer* Mr. Garth,' Mr. Compton\ Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gajhry, Lord. Verneyw Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Barry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lower Con p- Mr. Prowje presented to the House, according to Order,

ton Road*, a Bill for repairing and widening the *Road$, from thcHalf-Vol. 26.

way Hoitfe in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, to the East End of the Town of Axminster,in the County of Devon, through the Towns of Yeovil and Crewkerne, and from the said Town of Yeovil to Mudford Bridge, Vagg Hollow, Qdcombe, and Whistle Bridge, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rea‘d a Second time*

A Petition of the Frame-work Knitters, whose Hands Frame-work and Names arc thereunto subscribed, all living and residing Kniitersi in, or near unto, the Town of Nottingham, on Behalf of themselves, and several others, concerned in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice, That several Petitions have been presented to the House, complaining of the Company of Frame-work Knitters, and alleging, that the said Company have, from time to time, made divers Orders and By-laws, wich a View, as the Petitioners apprehend, to encourage and extend the said Manufacture; and that the Petitioners have not known any By-laws of late Years, which have been carried into Execution by the Company, that have tended to the Discouragement of the said Trade, or to defeat the Intention of the said Incorporation, or oppress or injure the said Manufacture; but that, on the contrary, the Petitioners want to have several of the said By-laws, and especially what relate to Apprentices, and such as come into the Trade, to be more strictly enforced, without which, the Trade mull soon be loft in that Part of the Kingdom 1 and that the Petitioners are fully convinced, that the said Manufacture is of the utmost Importance to the Trade of the Kingdom; and that some further Regulations are necessary to be made therein, for restoring the Credit thereof, which has of late Years greatly decreased, in the most valuable and essential Branch: And therefore praying the House, That, as any Regulations to be made in the said Trade will be of the utmost Consequence to themselves.

Families, and several Thousands of Persons employed by them, they may be heard in regard to the fame; and that the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for regulating the said Manufacture, in such manner as ta the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions relating to the Business of Framc-work-knitiing are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: And that these Petitioners be heard by themselves, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction.to the said Committee, That they do admit the said several other Petitioners, who have petitioned this House igainst the said Company of Frame-work Knitters, to be heard by themselves, before the said, Committee, with regard to this Petition, if they think'fit.' '

A Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall Plundering steal or detain (hiptorecked Goods, and fqr the Relief of Shipwrecks, Persons suffering Lodes thereby, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committep of the whole House.:

Resolved, That,this House will, upon Thurslay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hbufe, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Lyster presented to the House, according to Or- Redft0ne-der,.a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading Ferry Road*, from Ridftone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to the Hundred House, and from thence to Monkfbridge, in the Road to the Town of Tenbury, and from the said Hundred House to the said Town of Tenbury, in the said CountyAnd the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second time.

Mr.

6i6 26* Februarii. 1753.

kighley, Mr. Lascelles reported from the Cothmittee, to whorft through the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, princi-?,nAle7* Pa* Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the Towns °a 5 of Bradford\ Hallifdx, Kighley, Bingley, Horton, Ecclesall, Book, and Leatbley, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereUnto subscribed.: and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, principal Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the Towns of Bradford, Halifax, Wakefieldy Kigbley, Bingley, Horton, Ecclesall, Pooley and Leatbley, in the West Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto fub-lcribed $ were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk*s Table.

And the House being informed, That some further Applications are intended to be made to the Hotife, in relation to some Part of the Roads comprised in the said Petitions;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-Committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred. Jjitto; A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, ButgelTes, principal Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the ancient Boroughs o{Rif on and Knavesborough, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Highway leading from Bradford, Halifax, arid Dudley Hill, in the West Riding of the said County, through Pdol and Beckwithjhaw to Killinghall, in the Way to Rip on aforesaid, and to Har~ rogate, in the Way to Knaresborough aforesaid, is become so ruinous iri many Places, that, in the Winter and rainy Seasons, Wheel Carriages cannot pass along the said Road* and further setting forth. That the Ford over the River Wharf in' the said Road at Pool aforesaid is very dangerous, and Travellers are frequently obliged to go out the said Road several Miles, for Want of a Bridge there; and that the said Road cannot be repaired, and a Bridge built over the said River, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf at Pool aforesaid. In such manner as to the House shall seem meet, fcittd A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution 1 ’ an Act for the Repair of the Roads from Leeds, in Two several Branches, through Bradford and L/7lie Hortony and through Boiling and Wibfey to Halifax; and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Freeholders, and Tradesmen, in the Townships of Horton, Bowling, Northbier-ley, 2nd Wibfey, and the Places adjacent, whose Names are thereliuto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are several very considerable Collieries in the said Townships of Little Horton, Bowling, Northbier ley, and Wibfey, from whence, not only the Town of Bradford, and several other neighbouring Towns and Villages, but the whole Country Northwards, for near Twenty Miles together, are, in a great measure, supplied with Coals, and that, by reason thereof, the Road, Commonly called Bowling Lane, in the said Townships of Bowling and Little Horton, and the Road, commonly called Little Horton Lane, leading to Brownroyd Hill, in the said Townships of Little Horton and Wibfey, whidi said Roads do branch out of the Road leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Little Horton, to Halifax, and terminate in the said Road leading' froth Leeds,through Bowling and Wibfey, XjQ.Hallifax, are become so ruinous, that the same are (except in dry Seasons) impassable for Wheel Carriages, and dangerous for Travellers; and that although the Inhabitants of "She said Townships of Bowling, Little Horton, and Wibfey, have not only performed their common Days-works, and expended full 6d. in the Pound for several Years past, upon the said Roads, called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, but also have been fined in several considerable Sums of Money, which Fines have been duly levied, and expended in repairing the said

Roads, yet the same are not, ana by the Laws now in being cannot be, effectually repaired; and that the said Trustees appointed by the Act, passed in the last Seffiori of Parliament, for amending the above-mentioned Roads from Leeds to Halifax, in the Two Branches above-mentioned, are riot, as is apprehended, impowered to repair the said Roads, called Bowling Lane and Little Horten Lane; and taking notice, That a Petition has been preferred, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Repair of rife Roads from Kighley, through Bingley and Bradford, and over Dudley Hill, and Wifket Hill, and through Adwalton, to Wakefield, in the County of York, *nd the Highway leading from Kighley aforesaid to Halifax, in the said County, and also the Highway leading from Dudley-hill, through Eccleshill, Poole, arid Town of Leathley, to the South West Comer of Harrowgate Inclosure, towards Knaresbortugh, in the West Riding in the County of York; and that the Petitioners are informed, that, iri order to repair the said Roads, it is proposed and intended, that a Toll shall be laid upon, arid paid by, all Carriages loaded with Co&ls travelling Upon the same Roads: And therefore praying, That Lfeave may be given to insert a Clause in the said Bill, to impowerthe saidTrtiftces more effectually to repair the Roads from Leeds, in the said Two several Branches, through Bradford, and Bowling, and Wibfey, to Halifax, and also* the said Roads called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane3 and that, in order thereto, the said Trustees may be impowered to take and deceive such Toll or Duty upon Carts and other Carriages loaden with Coals, passing upon the said Roads leading from Leeds to Halifax, aforesaid, in the Branches,above-mentioned, and upon the said Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Report is re-committed: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions 5 and report the fa me, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Wilkinfcn presented to the House, according to stillingto* Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange Prebend, agreed upon between the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stilllnglon, and Stephen Croft Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cholmondeley presented to the House, according tp Henshall,i Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from SmithyRoad^ HenfhalV s Smithy upon Cranage Green, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, by Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the said County, and from the South Guide Post in Mere, in the said County, to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny9s Lane neaf Northwich, in the said County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seayid time.

A Bill for naturalizing Beat Rodolph Viblor Nerbel was Nerbel’* read a Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyfiler,

Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Warburton, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Med-ip cot, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. West, Mr. Wil-kinjon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Popham, Mr. Chester, Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Caley, Lord Strange, Mr. Gore,' Mr. Shelley, Mr. Fellowes, Colonel Stambix, Colonel Lee, Mr. Buller, Colonel Boficawen,

Mr.f Wilson, Sir William Yonge, Lord Dupplin, General Onslow, Mr. Neale, Mr. Butler, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Kent, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Digby,

Mr. Ker, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Smith, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Barry, Mr. Lamb-ion, Sir Charles Merdaunt, Mr. Northey, Sir Lionel 13 Pilkington,

0#*

vflf1

flTSltt

ferns.

Itnui

lode.

k


veighau-; Scc. Nat.

fables

iarges.

Ways and Means.

Levant

Trade.

Ditto.

Brough

Roads.

2 6 Geo. II. 26° — 270

Pilkington, Mr. Barrow, Mr, Lyttelton, Mr Vaughan; and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fellowes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to naturalize John James Schweighaufer, and David Girard: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made upon Thursday last, That the Bill for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Charges of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of Persons who are to give Evidence against Felons, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-rtight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2j° die Februarii j Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753. Prayers.

A PETITION of the principal Merchants, Traders, Owners and Freighters of Ships, of Warrington, In the County Palatine of Lancaft'er: And also,

A Petition of the principal Traders and Manufacturers of the Corporation of Kendtl: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactories at Cor-(ham, in the Coiihty of Wilts;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of the Decrease in the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures to Turkey: And praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie Upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Bold, Mr. Berkeley? and Mr. Wil-Jon, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Bottom of the County of Westmorland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-council, and Burghers, of the Borough of Appleby, in the said County; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the High Road from the East End of the Town of Brough, in the County of Westmorland, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County, by the Borough of Appleby, and through that Part or Division of the said County, called the Bottom of Westmorland, in Length Twenty Miles, is become lo ruinous, especially in the Winter Season, that it is oftentimes very dangerous, and almost impassable, in several Parts thereof, and that the ordinary Provisions made by Law are not sufficient for the eflfeClual repairing of the same; neither are the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Town-ships, through which the said Road lies, and who are liable to repair the fame, of Ability so to do: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given, to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erc& a Turnpike or Turnpikes Vol. 26.

Februarii. 61 7

and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to collect a Toll or Tolls in such Parts of the said Road, as may be Convenient for the Repair of the fame, that the same may befpeedily amended, and kept in good ^nd sufficient Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir James Lowther, Sir John Cud,

Colonel StanwLx, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bowes,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Neale, Mr. Salufbury,

Mr. Wiff on, Mr. Barry, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Bold, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Popham, Mr.

PddleyY Mr. Clayton, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Stuart, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Ofivald, Mr. West,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Richard Wrottefleyi Mr. Cayley, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Palmer, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland Westmorland, Northumberland, York, Lancaft'er, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And havePower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and others, in Queensferry the Shires of Perth, Fife, and Kinross, was presented to &c*Roa<is* the House, and read; setting forth. That the Post Road from Edinburgh, through the said Counties, leading from the North Queensferry to the Town of Innerkeitbing, and from the said Town to the Town of Kinross, and from thence to the Town of Perth, and the Roads from the North Queensferry to Dunfermline, and to Toryburn, and Culrofs, through the said Counties of Fife and Perth, are become deep and ruinous, and in many Places impassable for Carriages, and dangerous for Persons travellingupon Horse-back, and that the same cannot be put or kept in sufficient Repair by the ordinary Means already provided by the Laws in Force in that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premiles into Consideration, and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for repairing the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Murray, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bold, l\frr. Ca-ley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Chester, Mr. Barrel I j Mr. Clayton,

Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. West, Mr. Popham, Mr. Wright, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Neale, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Smith, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gil-dart, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr.

Salufbury, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Thornton; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That Mr. Parsons, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs; attended at the Bouuties on Door; Linens-

Fie was called in', and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, an Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid in England, out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from Christmas 1751 to 5th January 1753, together with the Quantities for which the same were paid, pursuant to an Act of the 20th, and an Act of the a 2d, of his present Majesty.

7 S And


618

2 70 Februarii. *' ^.1753.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufctl by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Carlideco A Petition of the Justices <?f the Peace, Gentlemen, Workington Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Cum-Roads. her land) whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-

lented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High Road between the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Market and Sea-port Town of Workington, in the said County, leading by or through the fe-vecal Places, Townships, and Villages, called Raffles, Kell Houses, Wood Houses, Mick letbw ait e, Wigton, Read, Dyal, Meals Teat, Bothell, Black Cock, the West End of Ccckei mouth, Bridgefoot, and Stainburne, to Working-ton aforesaid, is become very ruinous; and many Parts thereof are so very narrow, that Carriages cannot pass by one another; and that the ordinary Provision made by Law is not sufficient for the effectual repairing and widening of the said Road: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for effecting the fame, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Gyb-bon. Sir James Lewther, Mr, Cayley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Take, Mr. Bold, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Barry, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Cust, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lane, Mr. Popham, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lvfter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gaffly, Mr. Hay, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Neale, Lord John Murray, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fellowes, Colonel Holmes, Lord George Bentinck, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Acourt, Colonel Fitz. Scudamore, Mr. Earle, Mr. Drake, Mr. Brand, Mr. Stuart, Lord Strange, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Cocks, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Norihey, Lord Egmont, Sir Edmund 1 born as > Mr. Popham, Mr. Scott, Mr. Farrington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland\ Lancaster, Turk, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Scone An ingrofiecj Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish

L urc ‘ of Stone, in the County o(Stafford, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Barbor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bridling*on A Bill for enlarging the Time, and continuing the Fiers. Duties, granted by several Acts of Parliament, for Repairs of the Fiers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. WiL Jon, Mr. Lascelles, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Neale, Mr. Popham, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir John Cust, Mr. Saluflury, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Lord Downe, Mr. Lownjhend, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hay, Mr Barbor, Mr. Torke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Phillipson, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bold, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Stuart, Lord Barrington, Mr. Cooke, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Nor they. Sir Robert Burdet, Lord Digby, Mr. Vane,

Mr. Lyttelton, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Scott, Mr. Whichcot, Mr Lewis,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Lynch Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execu- Stockton, tion Two several Acts of Parliament, pafifed in the 20th and 22d Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stock-ton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through Ji'inftone, to Bernard Castle, in the County of Durham, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, several Tolls were granted, and divers Powers given, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence, through Winftone, to Bernard Castle, in the same County; and that another Act was made in the 22d Year of his said Majesty’s Reign for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act, and for the effectual amending of the said Road; and that the Trustees, appointed to put the said Two Acts in Execution, have madea considerable Progress in repairing the said Road; and that several great Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due, upon the Credit of the said Two several Acts; and that notwithstanding the Tolls collected, and the Money so borrowed, have been duly applied in amending the Road aforesaid, yet the same is still, in many Parts thereof, in a ruinous Condition, and it will be impossible to complete the Repair of the said Road, and keep the same in Repair, and pay off the Money due as aforesaid, unless the Tolls, by the said Acts granted, be augmented; and that the Powers granted to the said Trustees, by the said Acts, are in many Instances found inefficient, and several Difficulties have arisen ia putting the said Two several Acts in Execution, whereby the good Purposes by the said Acts intended are greatly obstructed: And therefore praying the House will give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament; and for augmenting the Tolls of the said Road, for the Purposes aforesaid; in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine; the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vane, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Barrington, Mr. Potter, Sir'

James Lowiher, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Popham, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. West, Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Salujhury, Mr. Cooke, Lord George Sack-ville, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Prowse Mr. Locke, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cayley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Nor they, Colonel Vane, Co* lonel Stanwix, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Wifoii, Mr.

Ellis: Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Thornton, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Farrington, Mr. Clavell; aVid all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, Cumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Scend Street from the West End of Seend Street, in the County of Road-Wilts, to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that die Title be,

4 An

EtJand

Road.

Gloqcester

?for.

16 Geo. II. 27° Febr 619

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Seend Street, in the County of Wilts, to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Hiding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ybornbagb, Sir James Lowther, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colleton, Mr. West, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lafcelles, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Popham, Mr. Fanfhaw, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Prowse, Mr. worth, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Bertie, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Bourchier (Frey, Admiral Vernon, Lord Carysfort, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Wrighte. Air. Garth, Mr. Yhornton, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Clayton, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Lord George Cavendish, Lord Digby, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Nugent, Mr. £//<?/, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Farringdon, Mr. Whichcott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of 7VL Durham, Northumberland, Westmorland\ Cumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and also an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, were read:

That, by the First-mentioned Act, it appeared to your Committee, That certain Persons therein mentioned, are incorporated by the Name of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester, who are to have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and to hold Courts, and are inverted with several other Powers therein mentioned.

And by the said Act, of the 13th of his said late Majesty, a Governor, Deputy Governor, Treasurer, and Six special Assistants, are directed to be chosen every Two Years, to execute the Purposes of the aforesaid Acts; and,

Mr. Yhomas Vernon said, Officers have accordingly been chosen, as by the said Act directed; but that Doubts have arisen whether Persons, who have executed the said several Officers, can be rc-chose into the same Offices for the next succeeding Term.

And he further said, That Persons have frequently applied for Relief to the Corporation Court, and upon a full Enquiry into their Circumstances, have not been deemed proper Objects of Relief; and that those Persons have immediately, upon Application to private Guardians, often obtained from them Orders to be relieved; which has been the Occasion of great Disputes:

And that although a Person, relieved by the said Corporation, is possessed of a fraall Parcel of Land, the said . Vol. 26.

Corporation is not, by either of the said Acts, impowered to dispose thereof;

That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, the proper Persons to collect the Money for the Relief of the Poor, have been very negligent in the Collection, and have also frequently kept the Money in their Hands feverak Months after they have quitted their Offices; and that the Corporation has not proper Authority to oblige such Collectors to account for the Monies by them so received; and there have been Instances where such Officers have absconded, and the Money thereby loft to the Corporation t

That Persons had been appointed Overseers of the Poor for Parishes wherein they \lid not reside, and therefore refused to officiate, which had laid the Corporation under great Difficulties; and the Witness mentioned an Instance in the present Year, where a Person was appointed for the Hamlet of Saint Mary Barton Street, and, not being resident therein, refused 10 aft; whereupon another Overseer was appointed in his room; but the Inhabitants refuse to pay the Rates to him, as not bring originally appointed; so that the Corporation mull lose the whole Year’s Assessment.

And that, in 17 } % a Person who, although he did collect the Rate, has at this time Partofit in his Hands; for which he refutes to account.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

An Act for the incorporating certain Persons for the better providing for, and letting at Work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester 1 and also for explaining and amending ari Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repealing Part, and making more effectual the Residue, of the aforesaid Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for incorporating certain Persons for the better providing for, and setting at Work, the Poor in the Ciry of Gloucester; and also for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repealing Part, and making more effectual the* Residue, of the aforesaid Act: And that Mr. Barrow, Mr. Chester, and Mr. Dowdeswell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, to Oundfe whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Trustees for the Road. North Division of the Royjlcn Road, leading from Yhe White Post on Alconbury Hill to Wandsford Bridge, in HuntingdonJhtre \ and also of the Gentlemen, Trustees for the Road leading from Market Harborougfy, in Leicester-j{hires to Brampton Pound, near Huntingdon; and of the Gentlemen, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the several Paiifhes of Oundle and Barnwell, in the County of Northampton, and of Yhurning, Win wick. Hammer ton. Copping-forth, Upton, Alconbury cum Weston, Buchvorth, and others, in the County of Huntingdon; and also of the Gentlemen of the said Counties, living near or adjoining to the said Parishes, whose Names are thereunto fob-foribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the -Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Ralph Newton, being examined, said. That he has fccri great Numbers of Cattle and Waggons on the great

Northern

Goo*,

Canswick

Inclosure.

6iO

Northern Uoad; which have left tbfc Road at Stamford as he supposes; for he has afterwards seen them on the Road which goes by Oundle, and the other Towns mentioned in the Petition, especially in Summer, when the Roads are good: That this has happened much oftener since the Toil Bar was erected at Wansford\ and by this Means they avoid the Payment of the 1 oils on the great London Road, which leads through Royfton, and come into the said Road at Alconbury Weston*, which Practice is very prejudicial to the Tolls on the great Northern Road. In Confirmation of which Evidence,

The Reverend Mr. William Robinson, informed the Committee, That he is a Commissionel* of the Land Tax; by virtue whereof he has given Certificates to near ao,odo Head of Cattle in a Year, to be driven along the said Road by Oundle; which by the Certificates produced to the Witness, appeared to have come to Stamford, on the great Northern Road; and that he apprehends they were driven by Oundle to avoid Payment of the Tolls.

And that Wool Waggons and Carriages have done the lame; by which they have avoided all the Toll Bars till they come to Godmanchester.

Then an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Lei* cester, through Desborough, Rowell, Ketterings Barton Scagrave, and Tbrapflon, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythcrue, Spaldwick, and Ellingtons to the Pound in the Parish of Bramplcn, in the County of Hun-tingdoiis was read; and,

Mr. Newton, being further examined, said, That he thinks great Numbers of Cattle which used to pass through Tbrapston, will avoid the Toll Bars erected by virtue of the last mentioned Act, by using the Road through Hammer ton; which Evidence was confirmed by,

The Reverend Mr Robinson: who said, That he has seen some Horsemen avoid the Lhrapfton Road, ana pafsthrough the other; and the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the Road leads, apprehend they shall be fliil more injured by Elopers from the Two Roads i That, by this Means, the Roads are at present become fobad, as to be scarce passable for Wheel Carriages; and that the Witness has been obliged to use Seven Horses to draw a Carriage, which Four would have drawn before these Elopers used the Road:

That it is impossible to repair the Road by the Statute-work: That the Witness collected about 150/. by voluntary Contribution for repairing thereof, and the neighbouring Farmers gave the Carriage of the Materials, which he apprehends would have amounted to as much more; which was all laid out upon the Road, and about a Mile of it sufficiently repaired; but it is impossible to complete the same; for, the better the Road is, the more Carriages come that Way, to avoid the Payment of Tolls; and;

Mr. Newton confirmed Mr. Robinson's Evidence; and added, That the Pallures-.and Corn Fields are torn up and damaged on each Side the lload: That,he has measured the Ground so damaged, and finds it to be in several Places Yards broad, and is of no Use to the Landlord or Tenant; and iftfhe said Road was madevgood. Two-thirds of that Ground would be saved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Qundley in the County of Northampton, to Alconbury, cum West on, in the County of Huntingdon from the Mill Brook at Hamerton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to Barnwell Gate, in the said County of Northampton, and from the Mill Brook aforesaid to Wood Lane, and in the Parish of Gidding, in the County of Huntingdon: And that the Lord Carysfort, and Mr. Fellowes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing Canswick, alias Watlafs Moor, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barbor, Mr. Bankes, Lord Burleigh, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Neale, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowft, Sir

A. 1753.

Edmund IJharfi, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Colleton

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Popham, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Smith, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Wrighte> Colonel Haldane, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Philipfon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Wiifon, Mr. Lyttelton,

Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Nugent, Mr. -Cocks, Lord Hobart, Mr. Yorke, Mr. A fleck, Mr, Vyner,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Townshend\ Mr. Richards, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir William Codringtori, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr.

Clavell, Mr. Turner, Mr. Lane, Mr. Pitt; and all ohe Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Northampton: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Thornton presented to the House; according to Militia. Order, a Bill to render the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, more useful: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr; Oswald presented to the House, according to Or- Dyfert der, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots,or One- Harbour, sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every 5r^jPint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the Town of Dyfert and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Three hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, andpreserving, the Harbour of the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SchoeA&c, to naturalize John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph, George NaL Alexander Ratio, and William Du Bois, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Tytksof settling a Yearly Rent on the Rector of Pusey, in the PufeyReao& County of Berks, and his Successors, in lieu of his Tythes and Part of his Glebe; and veiling the said Tythes and Glebe in John Allen Pusey Esquire, and his Heirs: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Hofiers and Frame-work Knitters Frame-woHc in and about the Cities of Londoti and Westminster was Knitters, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Company of Frame-work Knitters within the City of London, under Colour of a Charter, have assumed to themselves the Government of all Persons concerned in the Trade of Frame-work-knitting within England and Wales; and, for th^ir own private Emolument and Advantage, made several arbitrary By-laws, which are very injurious to the Manufacturers, and prejudicial to the said Trade; and that the Proceedings of the said Company have been in several other Respects, as the Petitioners apprehend, unwarrantable and illegal, and have been calculated to introduce and establish a Monopoly: And therefore praying t^he House to take the Premises into Con side ration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall fee m meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions relating to the Business of Frame’work-knitting are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Frame-work Knitters, or Dealers in Ditto, the Trade and Business of working Hose, and other Commodities, upon Stocking-frames, now living and residing within the County of Nottingham, on behalf of themselves,

and

7° Februarii.

2 6 Geo. II.

2 70 — 28°

and many others of the same Trade there, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That several Petitions have been presented to the House against the Company of Frame-work Knitters* and expressing the Desire of these Petitioners, that the said Company may be inverted with sufficient Power to remove the Frauds and Abuses that are of late crept into the said Manufacture, which have a natural Tendency to bring the Trade into Discredit, and will in the End prove the Ruin of Multitudes of Families in that Part of the Kingdom; and alleging. That the Practice?^ introduced by those, not of the Trade, in working and finishing the Commodities, (land now in the greatest Need to be regulated by such as thoroughly understand good Work; and that Multitudes in the Town of Nottingham have fee their Names as Petitioners against: any Regulation, who do not follow, or know any thing of the Trade, or of what great Importance such a Regulation is to the Publick: And therefore praying the House to take into fcriou,> Consideration the Discredit the Trade is fallen into, and the Danger there now is of soon wanting a Succession of good Workmen in the Arc of Framework knitting, and to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for regulating the said Manufacture, in such manner as ro the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to v.hom the several Petitions relating to the Business of Frame-work knitting are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Exportation Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

W°°I permitting the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay om re . yarn^ from any port ja Ireland to any Port in Great Britain: And that Mr. Neale, Mr. Nugent, Sir James Lowther, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Heratio Walpole senior, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Gray, the Lord Hillsborough, and the Lord George Sackville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account re- The House being informed, That Mr. Hollier, from

spefting Fort the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to

Annanuboe. ... . , ~ r ' 0

Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what has been done towards erecting the Fort at Annamaboe by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, together with a Plan of the said Fort.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Plan do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Plan are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

the whole House, upon the Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 8° die Februarii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

*tOHN James Schweigbaufer and David Girard took J the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and others, residing in and near the Towns of Ashby de la zouch C Zouch, in the County of Leiccfer, Burton upon Trent, Road, and Tutbury, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That the High Road leading from Ashby de la Zouch to the Town of Tutbury is become very ruinous; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Barry,

Mr. Talbot, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Potter, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hill, Mr.

Hardinge, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. -Wig/ey, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Aijlaby, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Rivett, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. John Yorke,

Mr. Warburton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gajhry, Lord Digby, Lord Galway, Mr. Beaghan, Sir Thomas Mostyn,

Lord Cary.fort, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cayley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Jamaica Ordered\ That the Report which was presented to the

AS^ru House upon Friday last, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the present S^ate of the Island of Jamaica, and also the several Papers presented to the House at the same time, as an Appendix to the said Report, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve irfclf into a Committee of the whole House, to conhder of the said Report and Appendix.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble A ddrefs be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciourty pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House a Copy of the Address to his Majesty from the Council and Assembly of the Island of Jamaica, reprelenring to his Majesty the State of the said Island; It passed in the Negative.

Performarce The Order of the Day being read 5 of Qaarac.- Refolved\ That this House will, upon Thursday next at

tine. Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Of

Vol. 26.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Quennington the Bill for di viding,inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, Incjofure. the Lands in the common Fields, common Grounds,

Pasture or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open, in the Parish of Quennington, in the County of Gloucester, was re-committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Vokins, Charles Stephens, Susannah Tomb's,

John Goding, and Henry Wheeler, who are poflfeffed of Three hundred and Eighty-two Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said common Fields and other Lands contain, in the Whole, One thousand Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Contents of the Bill had been communicated to the said Persons, who declared they would not oppose the fame; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

7 T in

6*2* 28° Februarii. A. 1753.

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exportation Grdered, That Sir Frauds Drake be added to the of Woo! Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, from Ireland. a gjj for permitting the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland to any Port in Great Britain.

Tvtlics of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pu ey for settling a yearly Rent on the Rector of Pusey, in the

KtOor. County of Berks, and his^ Successors, in lieu of his Tythes

and Part of his Glebe; and veiling the said Tythes and Glebe in John Allen Pusey Esquire, and his Heirs; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dunstable Sir Danvers Oficrne reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, Three ACrs of Parliament, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of hec late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dicnjiable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford; and also for repairing the Road from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King’s Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 1 able: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by 1 one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Inn, in the Parish of Afijcolt, in the said County, to and through Claston, otherwise Glastonbury, and (Veils, to the Direction or WhitePoftin the Parish of Midfomer Norton, in the said County; and also from Wells aforesaid to Rush Hill; are become very ruinous; and that Part of the last-menrioned Road, over the Forest: of Mendip, is very dangerous; and that the said Roads, in many Places, are (o narrow, that Carriages cannot pass by each other without great Inconvenience and Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, and (where Need requires) widening, the said Roads from Pipers Inn aforesaid, to and through Glafion and (Fells, to the Direction or White Poll in the said Parish of Midjomer Norton, leading towards the City of Bath aforesaid; and also from (Veils aforesaid to Rush Hill, where it meets or comes into the Turnpike Road leading to the City of Brijloli by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it i$ referred to Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Popham, Sir Cor del Firebracey Mr. Bar-lowy Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lyffer, Mr. Martin, Mr. Laf-celles) Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Frauds Poole, Mr. Thorntony Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gafijry, Mr. Gybbon, General Handafyde, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Poore, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cornwall) Mr. Harris, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Allgood, Mr.- Lcckyer, Colonel Cornwallis, Lord . Hillsborough, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Mr. (Vig!ey, Mr. Peachey, Mr. (Villes, Mr, Townshend, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Dowdejwell, SirWilliam Ccdrington, Mr. Hill, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Ker, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Thifilethwayte. Lord Digby; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, Glou-cejier, Cornwall, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five'of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hanover Colonel Cornwallis presented to the House, according Squaic Poor, to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of Ac* the Poor, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square,

within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Levant

Trade.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Wool-ftaplers, Manufacturers, and Clothworkers, in and near the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York; and also,

A Petition of the principal Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Leeds, and the Country adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of a great Decrease in the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures to Turkey: And praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premiles, as the House shall think meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Di-to. Ordered, That the Lord Downe be added to the

Gentlemen who are appointed to*prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

Piper* Inn, A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, kz. Read. Clergy, Freeholders, and capital Inhabitants, of the City of (Veils, Borough of Glafion, and Parts adjacent, in the Eastern Divifton of the County of Sumerfet, whose Names . are thereunto fubfmbed, was presented to the House, and read; fettiqg forth, That the Roads leading from Pipers

A

Mr. Wright reported from the Committee, to whom Leicester, the Bill for repairing the Road from the Borough of Roa<i* Leicester, in the Cotinry of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby dela Zouch, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and rhat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dirtCted him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed, That another Amendment is proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-commitced.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of William Robinson, Henry Friend, Thomas Portsra Gill, Richard Poate, and Williath Maine, all of Portjea, chaPcl* for and in behalf of chemselves, and other Contributors for the erecting a Chapel in the Parish of Portjea, in the County of Southampton, was presented ro the House, and read; setting forth, That the Parish Church of the said Parish is not capabjc of containing One-third of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the said Parish Church, being situate more than Orte Mile distant from a Parc of the said Parish called The Common, many of the Inhabitants thereof are prevented from attending Divine Service; and that the Inhabitants of the said Common have agreed to erect a Chapel, in some convenient Place, upon or near the said Common, at their own Expence; and that the

Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Portsmouth, in the said County (within whose Jurisdiction J

the said Common is situate) for the Encouragement of the '

said

26 Geo. IL

28° Februarii. 623

hid pious Undertaking, diJ, by Indenture under their Common Seal, dated the 25th of Auguff last, convey a Piece of walte Ground, situate on the Common aforesaid, unco Trustees, in Trust, for the building of a Chapel for the Ule of all the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgefics, did also, by Indenture, under their Common Seal, dated the 26th Day of August lad, demite unto the said Trustees, for a Term of One thousand Years, certain other waste Ground adjoining to the said Ground, whereon the said Chapel is intended to be built, for inclosing the said Chapel; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Design may be carried into Execution; but that the same cannot be effectually done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in to answer the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. T&Jllethwaite, Mr. Buller, Mr. 2~orke> Mr. Poore, Mr. Northey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Eofcawcrt, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Saiujlury, Mr. Lee, Mr. John Ycrke, Mr. Henley, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ililly Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Lezvisy Sir Francis Drakey Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Charlton, Sir Nathanael Curzcn, Sir Robert Burdctt, Mr. Wrig-te, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Wigley, Sir Cor del Fiebrace, General Handafyde, Sir John Bai rington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lambtony Sir Henry Marshall, Sir John Cotton, Lord Downe, Mr. Eczves, Mr. Gcfnry, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Popham; and all th*: Members who ierve for the Counries of Southampton and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Jpfwkh, 8cc, A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put foad*- in Execution the Acts of Parliament paired for repairing the Roads leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called The Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and of several other Gentlemen, and other Persons, usually travelling through the said Roads, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was preferted to the House, and read; 'setting forth. That, in order to make the said Roads payable, the Petitioners were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money; which, with the Money collected by virtue of the said Acts, was laid out in repairing the Roads; and that, although a considerable Sum of Money has been applied in the Repairs aforesaid, yet many Parts of the said Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended during the subsisting Term; and that the Road leading from Cleydon to Cod-denbam Beacon (adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the Acts aforesaid) is become so bad, that it cannot be repaired, and kept amended, without some other Provision be nude for that Purpose: And therefore, to the end that the Repairs of che said Roads may be completed, and the Money due on die Credit of the said former A£t$ be repaid, and that the said Road leading from Cleyden to Coddenkcnn Beacon may bn amended, and kept in good Repair, praying, That a bill may be brought in for continuing, and making in ore c Ill-dual, the said former Acts, and cha: Provision may be made therein for repairing the lad mentioned Road, in Rich manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and reporc the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Ccrdel Fircbrace, Mr. Wrjghte, Mr. P)cvejCy Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lyfler, M Kynajlony Mr. 0outbwelly Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lewis, Vol. 26.

Sir John Custy Mn Fallot, Mr. Norlkey, Mr. Dalftctie,

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Popham, Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Burrelly Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

West, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Chares Met daunt. Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Sir Nathanael Curzov, Sir Robert Bu del,

M r. Leghy M r. Shuttleworth, Admiral Vernon, Sir / rands Poole, Mr. Wiliest Mr. Medlyrott, Mr. Thorr.bayb,w*

Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Shelley, Mr. I Vi if m; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk: And they are to meet this A fee rn on at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'* Clumber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Mertage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The* Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be ^ax* raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon RecTand SaUDutici. White Herrings, for the Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Army, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Mutiny and Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any ^efertion. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Penrith for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, Rcnds# in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Ha'!, over Skelton and Castlefowerby Parture?, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road upon Ca.le-fowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence, through Hefket, otherwise Hefket New Market, to Culdbeck, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: Valk'a Nat. for naturalizing Jacob Valky without any Amendment:

And alTo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carleton’i for enabling Abraham Carlelcn Esquire, now called Abra- Name. bam Cumberbatcby and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Cumberbatcby without any Amendment.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Mr. Lafeelles presented to the House, according to Tadcaster, Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from &c. Roads. Tadcastery throtigh Newton, Collingham, Have wood, Artli-ingtony and Pool, to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And che same was received; and read the First time.

Refohedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lyfier'reported from the Committee, to whom the NerbePs Bill for naturalizing Beat Kodolph Viflor Nerbel was com- Nat. mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found che same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordereiy That the Bill be ingossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Schoen’s, Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, &c- Nat. An Act to naturalize John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph,

George Alexander Fathy and Wil iam Du Boss.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 11. Leave out " and."

L. 14. After " Switzerlandinfert " William Koniuk, Son of Jacob Koninky by Sara his Wife, born at Rotterdamy and Henry Klaujing, Son of Christian Klaufing, by Christina llfabeen his Wife, born in West-pbalia."

L. 26,

624 280 Februarii — 1° Martii. A. 1753.

L. 26. Leave out " and j" and, after u Du ifo/V," insert William Konink, and Henry Klaufing"

L. 40. Leave out ° and and, after " Du u Bois," insert w William Konink, and Henry Klau/tng " Pr. 2. L* 29. Leave out " and and, after " Z)« cc Bois," insert " William Konink, and Klau/tng "

L. .34. Leave out " and."

L. 35. After <c Du Boisinfert cc William <c Konink, and Henry Klau/tng."

L. 43. Leave out " and "

L. 44. After " Du Bois," insert (< William Konink, and Henry Klau/tng"

In the Title of the Bill leave out " andand, after c‘ Du Bois," insert <c William Konink, and Henry Klau~

"M".

/ The said Amendments, being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilks do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Britishi Ordered, That the Petition of the Society of the Free

Fishery. British Fishery (which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Re/olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy i° die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Pr AYERS.

Levant \ PETITION of the principal Merchants* Owners,

Trade. and Matters of Ships, of the Town of King/lon upon

Hull, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decrease of the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures to Turkey: And praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey to all his Majesty’s Subjects.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, arid Owners of Ships, in Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read, alleging, That the Opening of the said Trade will, as the Petitioners apprehend, highly contribute to the Encouragement of the Exportation of our Woollen and other Manufactures, and be of general Advantage to the comj mercial Interests of this Kingdom: And* therefore praying, That the Trade to Turkey may be laid open to all his Majesty's Subjects, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. John Torke, and Mr. Reynolds, be

added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

frame-work A Petition of several Persons employed in the Trade Knitters. of Frame-work-knitting, in the Town of Mansfield and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Trade of Frame-work-knitting has flourished and increased much in and about the said Town of late Years; but expressing the Fear of the Petitioners, that the said Manufacture will be

greatly distressed, if the Company of Frame-work Knitters in the City of London are permitted to subject the poor Manufacturers, in all Parts of the Kingdom of England and Wales, to such Fines and Taxes as are imposed by their By-laws: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions relating to the Business offrame-work-knitting, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the several Freeholders, and Owners of Felton Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tenemenrs, lying and Inclosurt being in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That there is a certain Common, commonly known by the Name of Felton Common, situate in the Parish of Felton, and Manor of Felton, in the County of Northumberland', of which Manor Edward Horsley Widdrington Esquire is Lord; and that the several Freeholders, and Owners of Messuages,

Farms, Lands, and Tenements, lying in the said Parish, have claimed and enjoyed, for time^immemorial, a Right to departure their commonable Cattle upon the said Common; and that the said Edward Horfiey Widdrington, and all, or the greatest Part of, the Persons entitled to such Right of Common, are willing and desirous that the said Common, which, in its present Condition, is of very little Use, may be inclosed and divided, and set out and allotted, unto and amongst the several Freeholders and Land-owners intitled to Common Right in the same 5 butthar, although such Inclosure and Division will be of publick Utility, and tend to the Improvement of the Estates and Properties of the several Persons interested, yet the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be givCn to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sif William Middleton, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Ridley, and Mr.

Thomas Wat/on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Per- Lobcomb Ions, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in, Comer, Ac. near, and frequently travelling through, the Roads lead- ^oads* ing from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Winchester Gate, through Wihchester Street, Catharine Street, Draghall Street, and St. Anne*s Street, in the City of New Sarum, to Harnham Bridge, and from the Corner of St. Anneys Street, opposite Mr. Bajkerville's House, in the said City, to the Parishes of Land/ord and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read - setting forth.

That the said Roads are become very fuirious, and cannot be put into sufficient Repair by such Means as are already provided by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cone sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof $ and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Prow/e, Mr.

Poore, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fonereau,

Sir William Tonge, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Wilkin/on, Mr. Allgood, Mr.

Lockyer, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gwynn9 Mr. Morion, Mr. Northey, Mr. Sandys, Mr, La/celles,

Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Earle, Lord Downey Mr. Willy, Mr. Popham, Mr. Locke, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Hume, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Herbert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Drax, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Beckford,

5 Mr.

i6 Geo. II. \* Marti 625

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Sir ‘Thomas

Robinson, Mr. Hill, Mr. Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Haldane, Sir Peter Mr.

Thornbagb, Mr. Southwell, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Taylor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Debtor. A Petition of the Prisoners confified for Debt in the Petition. County Gaol in Salop, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Opening A Bill for opening the Port of Exeter for the Importa-

Ereter Port tion of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, was read

forlnfiiWool. a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

NerixTsNat. An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Beat Rodclpb Vittor Nerbel, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Beat Rodclpb Vifior Nerbel.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

other Inhabitants of Rippon and Knaresborough; and also the Petition of the said Trustees;

Mr. John Baldwin and Mr. Abraham Balme were examined; who said, That the Road from Bradford, Halit-fax, and Dudley Hilly in the West Riding of the County of York, through Pool and Beckwith-Shaw, to Killingbail in the Way to Rippon, and to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the Way to Knaresborough; and also the Roads from Leeds, through Bradford and Little Horton, and through Bowling and Wibfey, to Haim fax i and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from the Town of Kigbley, through Bingley and Bradford, and over Dudley-bill and Wijket-hill, and through Advolton, to Wakefield; and from Kighley aforesaid to Hal/ifax and Ealand; and from Dudley bill aforesaid, through Ecclesall, Pool, and Town of Leatbley, to Beckwitbjhaw; and from Beckwitbjhaw to Killingball, in the Way to Ripon, and to the South West Corner of Harrowgate Inclosures,’in the Way to Knaresborough; and more effrftually to repair and widen the Roads from Leeds to Hallifax, in Two several Branches, through Bowling and Wibfey, and through Bradford and Little Horton to Halifax aforesaid, and the Lanes called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Laney which branch out of, and terminate in, the Two Branches aforesaid, in the West Riding of the County of Yorki and for building a Bridge over the River JYharf at Pool aforesaid: And that Sir Walter Blacketty Mr. Allgoody and Mr. Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Kighlfy

through

Bingley

Roads.

Sir Walter Blackett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, principal Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the Towns of Bradford, Hallifax, Kighley, Bingley, Horton, Ecclesall, Poole, and Leatbley, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, principal Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the Towns of Bradford, Hallifaxy Wakefield, Kighley, Bingley, Horton, Ecclesall, Poole, and Leatbley, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; and to whom the Report of the Matters of the said Petitions was re-committed; and to whom sufo the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Burgefifes, principal Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Boroughs of Rippon and Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act for the Repair of the Roads from Leedst \n Two several Branches, through Bradford and Little Horton, and through Bowling and Wibfey, to Halifax; and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Freeholders, and Tradesmen, in the Town-ships of Horton, Bowling, Northbierley, and Wibfey, and the Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the Two first-mentioned Petitions, Mr. John Baldwyn and Mr. William Ybornton were examined, and said. That the Roads mentioned in the said Petitions are publick Highways, and are in several Parts very strait and narrow, and in many Places very deep and founderousj and that the said Roads cannot be repaired and widened, by the Methods appointed by the Laws in being; and that if the same were effectually repaired and widened, it woiilc^ be of great Advantage to Trade and Manufactures in that Part of the Kingdom.

In Support of the Allegations of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Burgesses, principal Tradesmen, and

Vol. 26.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Plundering to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Shipwrecks, on the Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain Ihipwrecked Goods; and for the Relief of Persons suffering Losses thereby; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor and Impropriator Welton of Welton, in the County of Northampton, of the Vicar Incl°sure* of the Parish Church of Welton aforesaid, and of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the open and common Fields of Welton aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised of several Freehold Estates, and other Properties, in the said open and common Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; by means whereof great Inconveniencies arise to the Proprietors of the said Lands, by frequent Trespasses, surcharging of Commons, Inconvenience of Agriculture, and other Disorders, so that very little Profit arises therefrom, and the same are rendered incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that the said open and common Fields are very fit and proper to be inclosed, and an Inclosure apd Division thereof will be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the fame; and that the Parties concerned have agreed to apply to Parliament, to obtain an Act to inclose, and divide the same into just Allotments and Proportions to and for thefeveral Partiesinterested therein: And therefore praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields of

7 U Welton

*26

Martiu

A,

Kaghley to Kirkby Kendal Road.

x — - wurnu i7g

w5i?,tdraTrdi"g '° eKh Perf0"‘! and ZVS’- *£ * "»>#-, M,

/r? j J , rr, . , Mr. Fellowes^ Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cholmondeltt

Ordered,lhat Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur- Mr Mr. Mr. Lyier, Mr. gSTsS

anP to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Curzon, Mr. Thornton, Sk/s/m

Edmund Isham,znd Mr. Compton, do prepare, and bring Mr. Belcbier, General , Mr. Curzon, Sir

ln» r‘ie fame. Firebrace, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sir Lynth Cotton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr. Williams, Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilson be added to the Gentlemen , Lord Strange, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Legb, Mr. Gajbry,

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for re- Mr. Clayton, Mr. John Torh, Mr. Dowdjwell, Sir James pairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Kighley, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir Charles Vet non, Mr.

in the West. Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby, in Hill; and all the Members who serve for the Counties Kendal, in the County of Westmorland. of Lancaster, Chester, and Fork: And they are to meet

fhlC A -» C* — - - "

Performance of Quarantine.

jo wuu icrvc ior the uoi York: And they are to meet ’ Clock, in the Speaker s

y, Sarky or Man- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

t>----- it----- r^m nru«i>

or Lumcaster, Lbester, and York

T'Vn. r\ a ct* tx , this Afternoon at Five of the

The other Order of the Day being read; Chamber;

The House resolved itfelfinco a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Iri- Lw^c perform their Quarantine and for the better preventing habitants, of the County of and Parts adjacent was

the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great presented to the House) and read} setting forth, Thar the Britain, or Ireland, or the lflcs of Guernsey, Jersey, Alder- Highways leading from Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the Hey, Sark,or Matt. said County of Chester, through the Towns of SanSacl

" and Middlewich,znd from thence to the Town of North-

w in the said County, and also to Bridge, in the same County, are in many Parts become so ruinous,

x.ww. .....j that in the Winter Season Carriages cannot, without the

i in the Bill; and that he was di- utmost Difficulty and Danger, pass through the fame}

w/ __________mittee to move, That they may have and alleging, that the repairing of the said Roads will be

Leave to fit a»ain. of great Advantage to the adjacent Country, and very

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- beneficial to Trade; but that the said Roads cannot) by

inv next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the ordinary Method provided by Law, be effectually

House, to consider further of the said Bill. amended, and kept in Repair: And therefore pray.ng,

n ’ That Leave may, be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing

the said Roads, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Laid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Matter thereof; and report the fame, asitshall appear vs

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Thijllethwayte, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bold, Mr. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Alderman Janjfen, Mr. -fl

r-.-j.i Mr. Wrirbte, Mr. Turner, Mr. (,u,~ou.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

--0--

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V inerts, 2° die Martii;'

Anno 26° Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

ircrd,&c. A VFrJ repairing and widening the Roads from

J~\ the Chapel,in the Town of Salford, to the Towns Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Wrighte, . $Mr Cu~m

of^rnngton and Bolton, and through WardUy Lane, Mr. Mr. Mr.to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Or!

of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wulpoie, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Legb, Mr.

Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Kent, Mr. General HandaJyde. Mr. Allgood, Mr.

Second time. Vaughan, Colonel Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bold, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Hill, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Thoru.

Mr. Crew, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Gray, Lord bagb. Sir William Calvert, General Oglethorpe, Mr. HTJon,

Geo. Caveitdish, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Sir Ken. Clayton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Sir Nathanael Cu'zon, Mr. Wilbrabam, Mr. Sydenham, Vernon, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Stuart,

Mr. Ord, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Nijbett, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mr. Fletcher, Mr.; and all the Members who

'Hunt, Mr. Curzon, Captain Saunders, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Stafford, Philips, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Bowes, and for North Wales: And they are to meer this After-Mr Hardinge Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

Conyers, Mr P/W, Mr. Hay, Mr. Townshend, Mr. And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

r^rf/^Zl^Tm^FranHsAlderman Mr- Solusbury, presented to the House, according to Mr. Cholmondeley, S,r /rancts Draae, JAr ^Oerman j enlarging the Term and Powers granted Ac. Rood,.

KMI, by Two Act, of P,liSnS.r, one paKedin ,he Twelfth

Mr. Lockjer, Mr. r Tear or,he Reign of J,i. Ja.e Majesty King 6»ib

Sir Richard Lloyd\ S\r William ’ *B ti First, and the other passed in the Nineteenth Year of the

- -- Sir Kmtut »*] Rei ' of ,lis prefen, Majesty, so, ,ep.i,ing ,he Road from

* 1 - Prpfrot* and other Roads therein mentioned,

Ar rpnafnmj

Roads.

f Lancqjto,

And they are to meet this ___

:kj in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for building a new Church within the Town of A Petition of the several Trustees, whole Names are Sherbro

Alanchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read thereunto subscribed, in behalf of thefpselves, and ihe rest Hill &c a Second time. of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Ro*g‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bold, Mr. Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of his pre tent Gray, Mr. Saluslury, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gore, Mr. (Fit- Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing, and

kJafon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Warburton, Mr, making more effectual, Two A fts of Parliament, the one J 4 patted

26 Geo. II. 2° Mar til. 6ij

j»0fd in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty. King George the First, and the other in rheThird Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road jjeading fmm 67e.brooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the trilli, in the County of J)erby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Mafichester, in the County of Lancaster, and for amending other Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the first-rnentioned Act, and also of the several Gentlemen, Land-owners, Traders, and Farmers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near the said Roads, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Provisions in the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of hs present Majesty’s Reign; and fecting forth, T^hac the Tolls collected by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, together with several Sums of Money* to the Amount of 2,000l. borrowed on the Credit thereof* have been duly applied in the Repairs of the said Roads, and in Execution of the Trusts in the said several Acts mentioned 5 and that there now remains due upon the Credit of the said several Acts the Sum of 2,600 Pounds; and alleging, that^by taking into the said last mentioned Act the additional Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chapel in the Frith aforesaid, to a Place called llevnftone-lane Head, within Peake Forest, in the said County of Derby, from Sherbrooke Hilly near Buxton aforesaid, to a Place called Hurdlow house, in the same County, and also from Ard~ wick Green, near the said Town of Maxchester, leading Jthrough Rujhholme and Withington, to the School-hcufte in J) ids bury, in the said County of Lancaster, the ntcellary txpences of completing the Repairs thereby directed will greatly exceed what they were at first computed to; and that the Tolls granted by the said last mentioned Act will not be sufficien: to answer the lame, and to discharge the Monies borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and of the said former Acts; and that the said Roads cannot therefore be fcfieftually amended, and kept in good Repair, under the rowers thereby granted; and further setting forth. That the Road leading from Ardwick Green, to the School-boufte in Didsbury, and from thence through a certain Ford in the River Ateiftey,&nd from thence through the several Town-ships of Chead'e, Cheadle Hulme, Etche/les, llandforth, and DeanroWy to Wihnftow, in the said County of Chester, is a common and publick Highway; and that the RiverMerjey txing very broad and rapid at Cheadle Ford, i?, upon every little Rife of Water, very difficult and hazardous to pals, and, in time of high Floods, is altogether impaffabb there; and that i'uch Inconveniencies are not to be remedied, tinlefs by erecting a Bridge over the said River, at or near the said Ford; which will be of general Benefit to the Trade carried on in those Parts; and that the Highway between Wilmftow and Ardwick Green aforesaid, is in many Parts so narrow and ruinous, that many Parts of it are impassable in the Winter Season for Wheel Carriages, and are dangerous for laden Horses and Travellers; and that the lolls granted by the said last mentioned Act being in-sufficicnc for the Repairs of the said Road leading from Arawick Green, to the School-boufte in Didsbury aforesaid, and for the other Roads mentioned in the same Act; and the Trustees authorized to put the same in Execution, not being thereby irrpowered to set up any Turnpikes in or across any of the said additional Roads, the said Roads leading from Ardwick Green, through Rujhholme and li'iib-ingten, to the School-boufte in Didsbury, and from thence through Cheadle Ford\ and from thence through Chead.'c, Cheadle Hidmey Etchelies, llandforth, and Deanrovc, ro Wilmjhw aforesaid, cannot be clreftually amended; nor can such Bridge be erected as aforesaid, withour some further Piovision be made by Parliament, for effecting the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for amending the said last mentioned Act,so as to make it effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned; and also for erecting one or more Turnpike or Turnpikes in or across the said lait-meiuioned Roads, between Ardwick Green and Wilmftow aforesaid, and for erecting a Bridge over the said River Merftey, at or near Cheadle Fordafordaid; and that the same Roads may be amended, Vol. 26.

and kept in Repair; and that such Bridge may be erected with the Money arising therefrom; and from and after the same shall be passed into a Law, that the Tolls and Duties granted by the said last mentioned Act may be discharged from the Repairs of the said Roads, lying between Ardwick Green and the School-house in Didsbury aforesaid.

Ordered, That the; said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legb, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wright, Mr. Prowfte; Mr.

If xlkinfton, Mr. Cholmondeleyf Mr. Salufbury, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Popham, Mr. Torke, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Curzon, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Caley,

Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Wtlles, Sir James Low/her, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Stuart, Mr. Lee, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Fownjbend, Mr. Whichcot, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Richards,

Mr. Bold, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Barry, Mr. Fempeft, Mr.

Neale, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Chester, Mr. Campbell, Mr. West, Mr. Hardingc,

Mr. Poore, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Ridley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties or Chester,

Lane after, and Derby, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the-Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading RecJrtone from Redftone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to the Ferry Road.. Hundred House, and from thence to Monkfbridgs, in the Road ro the Town of Fenbury, and from the said Hund ed House to the Cud Town of Fenbury, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Reftqlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Fellowes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sy- denham, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Furner,

Mr. Conyers, Mr.. Wrighte, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barrow,

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Smith, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wigley,

Colonel Stanwix. Mr. Williams, Mr. Yotke, Sir John Cujl,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Choimondeiey, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dowdeswel!, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Barry,

Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Coxe, Mr. Popham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Northey, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Wilfton, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Chester, Sir Cordel Firebrace,

Lord Bateman, Mr. Bold, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. John Gore, Sir George Oxenden; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, and Salop, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of thej ufliccs of the Peace, Gentlemen, Free- DoncaOer holders, and Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County Road*, of York, as also of the T ruftees appointed tg put in Execution an Act, paHcd in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Fadcaster Crofts, and also 1 from Ferrybridge to Weatherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, bvaClause in the said Act, all Carts, and other Carriages, laden with Coals, are exempted from the Payment of any of the Tolls by the said Act imposed, in respect of their passing and repairing on that District of the said Roads, between Ferrybridge and Boroughbridge, at any Time between the ift of May and the 30rh of October, in each Year; and are only chargeable with the Payment of One-fourth Part of the said Tolls or Duties, in respect of their passing and re-passing on that District of the said Roads, at any Time from the 30th of October, to the ift qi May, in each Year, during the Continuance of the said Act; and that the Trustees appointed to put so much of the said Act in Execution, as relates to that District of the said Roads from Ferrybridge to Boroughbridge, have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads; but that the said lloads canjioc be esse,ftually amended, and

628

2° Mar tit.

A. 1733.

kept in sufficient Repair, unless a furtherTol) be laid on all Carts, and other Carriages, Horses, and other Cattle passing and repafiing on the said Roads, laden with Coals; and that the Powers granted to the said Trustees, by the said Act, are in many Instances found inefficient, and that several Difficulties have arisen in putting the said Act in Execution, whereby the good Purposes, by the said Act intended, are greatly obstructed; and that several great Sums of ' Money, to the Amount of Three thousand Eight hundred Pounds, have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act; all which Sums have been laid out in repairing that District of the said Roads between Ferrybridge and Bo-rougbbridge, and that the same cannot be repaired within the Time limited by the said Act, nor the High Roads kept in sufficient Repair, without a further Term be granted by Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, so much of the above-mentioned Act, as relates to the said Roads, from Ferrybridge to Boroughbridge, and for enlarging the said Term; in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confutation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gray, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Hard-inge, Mr. Bayntun, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Curzcn, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Fur net, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Neale, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Wigley, Mr. War bur ton. Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Yerke, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. ll'ilfon, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Popham, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Williams, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Cornwall; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Frame-work A Petition of the Persons redding in and near the Bo-Knmers. rough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, employed and concerned in the Manufactures of Wool, Thread, Silk, and Cotton, on behalf of themselves, and all other Persons employed in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of several Orders and By-laws made by the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Frame-work Knitters, of the City of London, under Pretence of an Authority granted them by a Charter; and that the said Company have of late threatened to compel the Petitioners, and other Persons, in the said Borough, and in the Places adjacent, concerned or employed in the said Business (which is the only Manufacture of the said Town and County) to submit to the fame; and representing to the House, that, for thele Twenty Years lad pad, and upwards, the Manufacturers in the said Borough, and in the Neighbourhood, have paid no Regard to any of the Orders or By-laws of the said Company; notwithstanding which, this Branch of Trade has, during that Space, been greatly extended there, and is daily enlarged 5 and alleging, that any such Orders or By-laws are absolutely unnecessary for the promoting or extending of the said Trade; and that should the Petitioners be obliged to observe any Rules or Orders of the said Company, they are apprehensive it would be not only injurious and vexatious to the Manufacturers, but also greatly tend to the Decay of the Trade, and the Discouragement of Indudry: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration $ sand to give such Relief as the Nature of the same shall require

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several PetN tions relating to the Business of Frame-work-knitcing are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, paHed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the same County, and for making the same more effectual, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Whert the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, thfc before-mentioned Acts of Parliament were severally read; and Mr. Joseph Ash, Surveyor and Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That, at the Time of passing thp said Act of the ioth Year of his late Majesty1’s Reign, those Roads were in so bad a Condition, that the Trustees were obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money, to make the same passable; which Money, together with the Tolls colleCled, had been duly applied, as that Act directed; but the Trustees finding that the yearly Income of the Tolls was not sufficient to repair the Roads, and pay the Inteteft of the Money so borrowed, applied for the Act passed in the ijth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,whereby the Tolls were increased, and the Term and Powers given and granted by the former Act further continued.

Then he produced an Account of the Receipts and Dit burfements of the said Tolls; by which it appears there is a Debt now due and owing upon the Credit of those Acte* to the Amount of £,852 /.

And Mr. Ash added, That, notwithstanding the Increase of the Tolls, the Roads, which are about 19 Miles iit Length, and very much frequented by heavy Carriages, cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept, Materials for the same being very scarce, and the Debt repaid, during the subsisting Term, unless some further Provision be made by Parliamen; for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lyster, and Mr. Craven, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr James Grenville (from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations) presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, An Estimate of the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Surrender of the Charter to his Majesty, by the late Trustees, on the 24th of June 1752, to the 24th of June 1753.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An

Donchttrch

Road.

Colony of Georgia.

Geo. II. 2

An ESTIMATE of the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other Incidental Expectces attending the fame, from the Surrender of the Charter to his Majestyj by the late Trustees, on the 24th of June 1752, to the 24th of June 1753.

To the Salaries of the President, Coiirt of Assistants, Bailiffs of the Town Cot;*:, and other

Civil Officers, established in the Colony - ....

To an Allowance to the Minister of the Church of England, established at Savannah - J To the Salaries of Two Schoolmasters, One at Savannah, and One at Vernonburgh and Alton To an Allowance for the Relief of the Poor and Sick, and to an Apothecary to dispense the Medicines

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth df Savannah River, with a Boat, and

sufficient Hands - ....

To the Expence of repairing the publick Buildings, entertaining the Indians, and other incidental Expences ——

To the Salary of the Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony, for himself and Clerks -To a Continuance of the Provisions rmde by the late Trustees, for purchasing, from the Growers, the Balls or Cocoons of raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of that Commodity - - - ’ -

J. d.

6 3 4

74 6 8

3* 0 0

70 0 b

5° 0 b

435 10 0

35 0 0 0

1,000 0 0

£ 2,632 0 0

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Tabte, to be perused by the Members of the House.

IpTwich, &c. Sir Cordel Firebrace reported from the Committee, to Ra*«b. whom the Petition of several of die Trustees appointed to put in Execution the Acts of Parliament, piTrd fur repairing the Roads leading from Ipswich to Lieyden, and the Road called the Pye Road\ in the County of Suffolk, and for amending other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and of several other Gentlemen, and other Persons. usually travelling through the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the icch Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Roads leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Langtborne Green, in the said County, was read.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners produced an Alignment of a Mortgage of the said Tolls, for 150/. and also an Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the said Tolls, made up to the First of June 1752; whereby it appeared. That the Balance remaining in the Trustees Hands, at that Time, amounted to no more than 9 /. 2 s. $d. i and that the Mortgage of 150 /. remained still chargeable thereon. And,

Mr. Edmund Betts being examined, said, That several Parts of the said Road are still in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be sufficiendy amended, during the subsisting ' Term:

That the Road leading from Cleydon to Coddenbam Beacon, which adjoins to the Road directed to be repaired by the said Acts, is in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be effectually amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And he added, That the Roads had received great Damage, particularly the last Year, by many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, loaden with Timber, for the Service of his Majesty's Yards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing, and making more effectual, TwoAfts of Parliament, the One of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk, and the other of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending the Road leading from Vol. 26.

Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Langtborne Green, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid to Coddenbam Beacon, in the said County; And that Sir Cordel Firebrace,

Mr. Gray, Colonel Cornwallis, and Mr. Affleck, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Provost, MagistrateS, and Council Edinburgh of the Ciry of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves, and Streets, the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the City of Edinburgh is, by its Situation on a Hill, subjected to several Inconveniencies, which are felt not only by the Inhabitants of the said City, but also by the Inhabitants of the other Parrs of Scotland, who are daily under a Necessity of repairing thither; particularly that the Avenues to the said City are difficult, and even dangerous, especially from the Fields on the North, South, and West; and that, by reason of this confined Situation, the Houses have been very much crouded, and raised to an exorbitant Height; by which Means the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for the most part, are narrow, dirty, and ill disposea, and no proper Space or Area left free and unbuilt upon for an Exchange, or Place of publick Relort, for Merchants and Men of Business; and chat, for the same Reason, there are many publick Buildings wanted within the City, for necessary Purposes; and there are at present no proper Areas upon which they can be conveniently erected; and that neither the Commissioners to the Convention of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, nor the Magistrates and Council of the City, have any proper Hall for meeting together upon Business; and that there is no proper Accommodation or Offices for the Clerks of the several supreme Courts of Justice, or proper and fare Repositories for the Rolls, Registers, and Records, and ocher publick Archives; which is the more necessary in this Part of the united Kingdom, where all real Estates and Land Rights depend intirely upon the Preservation of the said Records and Registers, &c. against Fire and other Accidents; and that a very considerable Number of Noblemen, Gentlemen, Burgesses, and others, being sensible of the Usefulness and Necessity of remedying these Inconveniencies, and that the proper Funds of the Community of the City of Edinburgh, are in no ways sufficient to answer the Expence chat would be necessary for that Purpose, have opened a voluntary SubscriptionforcontributingcertainlargeSums, and appointed Managers or Trustees to oversee and direct the Application thereof, towards opening and improving the Avenues to the City, enlarging and adorning the Streets, and other Places of publick Resort, erecting proper Edifices for the Preservation of the Rolls, Register9, and Records, and ocher publick Uses, according to a Plan which has been concerted; and chat, in the Execution of this Plan, sundry Difficulties are likely to occur, particularly that certain Lands and Houses, which must necessarily make a Part of the Avenues and Streets proposed to be enlarged, and of 7 X the

V

Peebles

Roads.

1° Mar Hi.

4- 1753-

the Areas of the several Edifices Intended to be erected, being the Property of Bodies Politick, Hospitals, Minors, and others, incapable or unwilling to alienate, cannot be purchased or acquired by the said Managers or Trustees, without the Authority of Parliament; and expfefling the Hope of the Petitioners, that this Undertaking will not be thought unworthy the Intention of the Legislature, and that the House will fee Cause to interpose their Authority, in order to impower and enable the said Trustees to purchase and acquire such Lands and Houses, as may be necessary for executing the above Plan, and to gr&nt them such other Powers and Authorities, as to the House shall seem proper, for carrying on :and perfecting this useful Design: Anti therefore praying the House to take the Premises under Consideration, and to grant Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, and to grant such other Relief in the Premises, as shall seem reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ker, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Stuart, Lord Dupplbi, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Cust, Mr. Northey, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Charles Town (bendy Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Grenville, Sir Cor del Firebracey Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Talbot, General Oglethorpe, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hay, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Turner, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lyf-ter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Willes, Mr. Cornewally Mr. j4ffleck> Mr. Rajhleighy Mr. Alderman Bet hell, Mr. kVar-burton, M r. Legb, Mr. Whichcote, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Salusbury, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Morton, Lord Murray, Mr. Bertie, Lord Middlesex, Lord G>0. Bentinck; and all the Members who serve for Afe;*/£ Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Heretors, of the County of Peebles, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Highways leading from the Stewartry of Kirkudbright, Counties of Wigtown, Dumfries, and Lanerk, cowards the City of Edinburgh, by Lamancha, and Wheam, or Linton, and Carlops, and by Jnglifioun Bridge, and Carlops, until they join the Highways within the County of Edinburgh, are become ruinous, and in many places almost impafiable for Carriages, especially in the Winter Season, and even dangerous to Travellers, and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by Law, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for amending and keeping in Repair the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dixon, General Handafyde, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lane, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Northey, Mr. Wilkinjon, Colonel Lee, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Medlycotty- Mr. Whichcot, Mr. West, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr, Salusbury, Lord Digby, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir John Cujt, Mi*. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Edmund Isham, Lord Strange, Mr. Cocks, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Barry; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock', in

the Speaker’s Chamber: And Have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. v

Colonel Stanwix reported from the Committee, to Carlisle to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Workingtod men. Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Roa<k Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Blennerhaffct, and Mr. John Bragg, severally said, That the Road leading from the City of Cardijlc to the Town and Port of Workington, by or through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, is become very ruinous, and is, in many Parts thereof, 16 narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Mr. Edward Watson confirmed the above Evidence, with regard to the Badness of the Road from Carlisle to Cockermouth, and the.Insufficiency of the Laws in being to repair the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County: And that Colonel Stanwix, Sir James Lowther, Sir John Mordaunt, and Sir John Pennington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Keighley to Order, a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Kukby Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of l¥cf:norland: And the same was received; and read the ltirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord John Murray reported from the Committee, QueensfWry, to whom the Petition of the j ustices of the Peace, and *c. Road, others, in the Shires of Perth, Fife, and Kinross, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Daniel Macfarling^ being examined, said. That he knows the Roads mentioned in the Peri cion, which are, in many Places, impassable for Wheel Carriages, and dangerous for Passengers on Horseback; and that the same cannot, in the Opinion of the Witness, be repaired by the ordinary Methods appointed for repairing the Roads in that Part of the Kingdom.

’Which Evidence was confirmed to your Committee by several Members present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth, to the Queensferry, in the County of Fife:

And that the Lord John Murray, Mr. Leslie, the Lord Dupplin, and Mr. Crawford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrbfled Bill for continuing and making more ef- DunfhMe feftual Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Ninth and Road* Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queew Anne, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunfable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford\ and also for repairing the Road from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid, was read the Third'tone;1

Refo’ved,

£6 Geo. II. oJ Martit. 6i 1

Refched, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and making more effectual Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford; and also for repairing the Road from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir 'Danvers Osborne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westminster A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty

Paring of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribrd, on Behalf of themselves, and many of the said Inhabitants, was prefenred to the House, and read; reciting some Provisions in an Act, made in the 2d and 3d Years of the* Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, for repairing and deanfing the Streets, Lanes, of the said City and liberty; and setting forth, That great Numbers of the said Inhabitants have, at a very great Expence yearly, endeavoured to keep clean, and in good Repair, the Streets and Lanes aforesaid; and that the Justices, in their Quarter Sessions, and in their respective Panfbcs, have frequently exerted themlclves by punishing Defaults, but that, by visible Negied in the Scavengers and oilier inferior Officers, in the Discharge of their Duties, as well as a Remifinds oi some of the Inhabitants in making good their Pavements, the Streets, Lancs, and other publick Place-, in the said City, arc in a most ruinous and dirty Condition, to the endangering of the Lives of his Majesty’s Subjects, and higi »y injurious to the Petitioners in their Trade and Con tree; and that though the Petitioners (as the Law now Hands) are obliged to pave Part of d\e High* ay before their Doors, yet the Sort of Stones to be used in that Work, and the Manner of laying them, being not pa rticularly directed, the Pavements are generally performed in a flight Way, are laid uneven, and little Regard is had to the Level of the Streets; and that, of lace Tears, the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties suffer very much in their Paverpents by the Proprietors of the several Water-works, who frequently break up the Streets to mend their Pipes, and do not make the Pavements good agam, in a workman like Manner, as also by Cart*, Drays, Coal and Sand Carts, and other Wheel Carriages, used within the said City and Liberty, (hod with Iron, tiic Owners whereof do not, in any Proportion, contribute towards making good the said Pavements; and alleging, that the Paving, Cleansing, and Lightening, of the Streets of the said City and Liberties, already lies very heavy upon the Inhabitants, though very ill performed, and, as the Law now (lands, can no way be remedied: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such Relief thereto as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Cornwallis, Lord Trent-bam. Sir William Beauchamp Proffer* Mr. Cooke, Colonel Campbell, General Oglethorpe, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Doddingtoti, Sir Richar d Lloyd, Mr. Potter, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Town (bend, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gtay* Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hill, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Comptroller, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Feflowes, Sir Nathana^Curzon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Vernon, Sir George Oxen den* Mr. Curzon, Mr. Gore* Mr. Wright* Mr. Tor he, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cheiwynd* Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys* Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Harris, Mr. Vane, Mr. Hume, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Morris, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cholmon-dcley, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir IValter Blackett, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Lewis* Mr. Vaughan, Lord Barrington, Mr. Richards, Mr. Grenville* Six Lionel Pilkington, Lord Robert Bertie* General Handafyde, Mr. Whichcot* Sir Jartb Bouverie, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Bek bier, Mr. Medly-Yol. 26.

cott. Sir John Turner, Mr. Burrell* Sir Edmund Tho'tnasi Mr. Lascelles* Mr. Colleton* Mr. Scott* Mr. Lambe. Mr.

Selwyn; and all the Members v»ho serve for the County of Xliddlesex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet rhis Afternoon at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all yko come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Commissioners Giafgotf of Supply, and Heretors. of the Counties of Lanark and Roads. Dumbarton, was prefenred to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from Inchbelly Bridge, through the Town of Kirkintiilock* within the County of Dumbarton, to the City of Glasgow, within the County of Lanark* and the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton; and the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, within the County of Lanark; and the Road leading from the said City of Glajgozv to the Place called the Chapel of Cambuslang* within the County of Lanark \ and the Road leading from the said City of GlaJ-gow to the Kirk of Carmumiock* by Corjehill and Caihcart y and the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow to the Kirk of Eaflwood, by the Village of Pollokfhaws; and the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, and Village of Gorbals, to the Burgh of Paisley, so tar as the House called the Three Mile or Halfway House, between the said Places, within the County of Lanark; and the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow to Luggie Watt)', and from thence to the Town of Cumbernauld and Reidbum Bridge* within the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton y and the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens* to that Part of the Water of Kelvin* called the Milnfoord of Garfcube, within the said County of Z4-nark’* and also the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glajgopo, through the Village of Shettleftoun, till it falls into the great Road from Muiricball to the said City, are, in many Parts, impassable in Winter for Wheel Carriages and Horses, and very dangerous for 1 ravellers; and that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course of the Laws in that Part of the united Kingdom, be effectually amended, enlarged, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for amending and keeping in Repair the said Roads, in such a Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Campbell* Mr. Hume*

Lord John Murray, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinjon* Lord Barrington* Mr. Gray, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Lyster* Mr. Hay,

Mr. Wrighte* Sir John Cujl, Mr. Sydenham* Mr. Gajhry,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Gybbon* Lord Dupplin, Mr. Allgood* Mr.

Hot they, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bacon* Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Lewis* Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Colicton, Mr.

Tracy, Lord Digby, General Oglethorpe* Mr. Thorn-bagb, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Ker, Mr. Beaghan* Mr. Gajhry; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Constables, Old Street Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabi- Road, tants, of the Parish of Saint Giles without Cripplegate*

London; and also of the Rector, Churchwardens, Constables, and Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of MMleJex* was prdented to the House, and read; reciting the Provisions in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church near Old Street,

and

6$ V i6 Mar til. 1753,

And for other Purposes therein mentioned, in relatiort to the Repair of the'Highways lying in $he said Parishes \ and taking Notice, that a Bill is ordered to be brought into the House for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the nth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the T urnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex; and l'etting forth. That the Road leading to Hackney and Bethnal Green from Goswell Street, through Old Street, in the said Parish of Saint Luke, to the Bridge eroding over the Common Sewer which leparates the said Parish of Saint Luke from the Parish of Shoreditch, is very much frequented by Carriages and Persons travelling into the Counties of Hertford and Essex, and to Newmarket, and the great Northern Road j and very great Part of the said Carriages and Passengers pay Toll upon the said Turnpike Road and that the said Road leading from thence, through the Parish of * Shoreditch from the said Bridge, to Shoreditch Church, contains about 650 Yards and that the said Road from Goswell Street, through Old Street, to the said Bridge, is become very ruinous and dangerous, and cannot be kept in Repair by the Law in being: And therefore praying the House to take the Premilcs into Confederation, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Road from the End of Goswell Street to the said Bridge, crofting over the Common Sewer aforesaid, and from thence to Shoreditch Church aforesaid; or chat the Petitioners may have such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Old Street; A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of fcoad. the Poor, Constables, and other principal Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners conceive it would be of publick Utility, if a Clause should be added to the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the said Church to the West End of Old Street Road,* next the Pavement in Goswell Street, which Old Street Road is in a very ruinous Condition; and that a very great Part of the Carriages and Passengers pay Toll upon the said Turnpike Road -, and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish pay the Sum of 20/. yearly, to the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, in lieu of the Statute Labour to be performed by the said Inhabitants in any Part of the Roads, to be amended by the said Act, besides paying Toll at the said Turnpike which is erected in Shoreditch Parish, though the greater Part of the Money raised thereby is laid out on the Hackney Roads out of the said Parish j and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Money collected by the said Toll, and paid by the Petitioners, will be sufficient not only to keep in Repair the Roads mentioned in the said Act, but also the Road petitioned for to be repaired, but more especially that Part thereof, which lieth in the said

Parish, and mealbres.about 658 Yards from the said Church to the Center Bridge in Old Street Road, which parts the said Parish and Saint Luke's Middlesex: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be added to the said Bill, to take in the said Road from the Pavement.

next Shoreditch Church to the West End of Old Street Road, next the Pavement in Goswell Street \ and to authorize and require the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, to repair and amend the same out of the Toll of the said Turnpike, if fufheient for that Purpose, and in Default thereof, upon such Composition to be allowed for that Part of the said Road which is in the Petitioners Parish, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof -, and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Lord Digby, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gray, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, 10

Lyster, Mr. Curzcn, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Potter, Mr. H'righte, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis "Drake, Mr. Garth, Mr. Bowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Northey, Mr. Willes, Mr. Kynajhn, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Lane, Sir John Cust, Mr. Alderman Bethell,

Mr. IVbichcot, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Allgood,

Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Kbit, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Torke,

Mr. Harvey, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Afflecks Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Alderman Janffen, Mr. Gildari, Mr. John Torke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge,

Lincoln, and York, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Edward Lord Cubbingtoo Leigh, a Minor of the Age of Ten Years, by the Ho- Incl°rurc* nourable Eleanor Verney, William Craven Esquire, Sir Charles Mor daunt Baronet, Sir Walter Wagstnff Bagot Baronet, his Guardians and Trustees, Alary Tarver Widow, and Thomas Parsons Gentleman,'Lords and Lady of the Manors of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick, James Wright Esquire Impropriator of the Rectory impropriate, and Patron of the Vicarage of Cubbington aforesaid, Edward Herne Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage, the Master, or Keeper, and Fellows of the College, or Hall, of Saint Catharine the Virgin, in the University of Cambridge, John Knightley, otherwise Wightwick, the younger Esquire, Andrew Murcott Gentleman, and the rest of the Proprietors and Owners of the Common Fields, and other the commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read* letting forth, That there are several Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Woods, and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington aforesaid, being Parcel of the said Manors of Cubbington j and that the said Lands lie intermixed and dispersed, which by long Experience has been found very inconvenient and detrimental to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and has occasioned Disputes in their plowing and mowing their Grass, and is a Dif-couragement to Industry and Improvement j and that, ia Consideration thereof, the Petitioners have agreed to divide the said Lands, and to inclose the fame, that they may be enjoyed in Severalty for ever by the respefliveOwners and Occupiers thereof, and that Lands shall be laid out in lieu and full Satisfaction for the Tythes belonging to the said RcCtory impropriate, and Vicarage, respectively, as also that just Allowance shall be made to the said Lords, and Lady of the said Manors, for their respective Interests in the Wastes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Agreement effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Nor they, and Mr. Prowse, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the under-written, in behalf of them- Navy selves, and others, late Chaplains in his Majesty’s Navy, Chaplains, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consider.ation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served in his Majesty’s Navy during the late War, and, when their Ships were paid off, most of them were left destitute of any Support $ and t?har they are the only Officers in his Majesty’s Service who are left intirely unprovided for, when discharged; and that when employed they are of no more Expence to the State than an ordinary Seaman, the rest of their Pay arising from Deductions out of the Men’s Pay, and is, by that Means, more uncertain than that of any other Officers; and thar, by Petition presented to his Majesty, soon after the Con-

elusion

26 Geo. II.

elufion of the Peace, they humbly represented their dif-trefltd Circuitdlances, and imploicd to be Partakers of the same Advantages that their Brethren the Chaplains of the Army and Marines and other discharged Officers, were; and that his Majesty was graciously pleased to refer the said Petition to the Lords Commissionrrsof the Trca-i’ury; who reported, that the Services of the said Chaplains were not within their Knowledge, but more properly cognilable by the Lords of the Admiralty; but that, if his Majesty lliould be graciously inclined to think the Petitioners proper Objects of Relief, it would be necessary to causeproper Fftirsutesof the Expence to be laid before the Parliament; and that, the said Petition being like-wife referred to the Lords of the Admiralty, they repre-fented, that, after the Peace of Utrecht, the lloufc of Commons, on the ^th June 1714, passed the following Vote, u Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Three €i thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, upon " Account, to be equally tliftributed among the Chaplains ic that served in the Fleet during the late War, and are ‘r not otherwise provided for ;" and that their Lordships did humbly recon mend their same as Objects deserving Relief; and expreftir.g the Hope of the Petitioners,'That the House will grant Relief for such of them as ierved personally in the Fleet during the late War.

(J:\iocdy That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole 1 louse, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Bod on. Sec* The Lord Robert Bertie reported from the Committee,

SmallD^bt*. to whom the Bill for the more e.iiy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Bo/lon and Skirlcck Quarter, and the Parishes of BojUn and Skirbeck, in the County of Unco.);, was committed; 'That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at die Clerk’s T able.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Leicester, Mr. IFright reported from the Committee, to whom

*c, Road, the Bill for repairing the Road from the Borough of Lei-ceflsr, in the County or I eicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zoucby in the said County, was re-committed, Thac the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

£*ettr A Bill for amending several Roads leading from the

T),_ 1 _ O O

" Q3, City of Exeter, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Ycrjge, Mr. WejR Sir Francis Diake, Mr. Belcbler, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gy lien, Mr Gray, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hay, Mr. SamJySy Mr. IBndinge. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Harney Mr. H a) burton, Mr. Collet on, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, Lord Robert Be/tie, Mr. Provfte, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Northey, Mr. Ft Howes, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bedford,', Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr. Lamb, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Charltoriy Mr. Legge, Admiral Byng, Mr. U tlkinjon, Sir Charles Aler-daiaity Mr. Lewis% Mr. Campbell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Buller, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Torke, Mr. Shelley, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Harvey, Sir Lynch Cottony Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Barry, Lord Digby9 Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Faney Mr. Popham, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Grfhy, Mr. Colleton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Somoftet, Cornwall, VoL. 26.


no 1 U D

Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roods from Hen- He&IUir* fbalU Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the County Palatine ^,1LT^ of Chester, through the Town of Nether Kntit ford, by Buck/ow-hili, to the Town of Altrincham, ;n die said County; and from the South Guide Post in Mere in the said County, to Warrington, in the County of t,an. after; and from Bucklow-b/U aforesaid to Penny's L *>\ near Ncrtbzvlcby in the said County of Chester; aj* u ad a Second rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Choi-mondelcjy Sir Nathanael Curzcn, Mr. lyfUr, Mr Gray,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. IFright, Mr Kyuftivn, *r. Pc. ore,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. llc.rd.rrge, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Conyers, Mr. INI, Mr. Uiglcy,

Mr. Barber, Sir Chtries Ksmys cIynte, Air. hale, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles NF-rdaunt, Mr. Saiujkiry,

Mr. Lambe, Mr. Barry, Lord Strange, Mr. // ilfn, Mr.

Gildart, Mr. Legh, Sir John Cujl, Mr. fCynclds. Mr.

Clayton, Mr. War bur ton, K\r Lynch Gotten, ‘Sir It lit 'am Calvert, Mr. Vyner, Sir Danvers OJLome, Mr. Bedford,

Mr Belcbiet', Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Nediycolt, Mr.

Burrell; and all the Members who llrve for the Counties of Chester, Lane after, and Stafford, and for North P ales:

And 1 hey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange S:'llingtcn agreed upon between the Prebendary of the Prebend of P^bend. StiHington, and Stephen Croft Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of To, k, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Gybbon. Sir Danvers Osborne, Sir Lionel Pilkington,

Mr. Ridley. Sir Francis Poole, Sir IVa ter B.ackett, Mr.

Allgood, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Yo'ke, Mr ProvfteMr.

Hunter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hay, Mr Campbell,

Mr. Hardinge, Sir Jehu LigoNer, Mr. Kent, Sir V illlam Tenge, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Cust, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Legge, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. It bichcot, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Aldermaj Bethel. Mr. Bedefer d, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lbonthagb, Mr. Northy, Mr.

Cooke. Mr Cocks, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Robert Bertie,

Mr. John Ytrke, Mr. Gwynn, Colonel Conway, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir William Middleton, Lord Hillsborough, Mr.

Dowd ft we I; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five or the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Or- South Sea der, a Bill for rei lucing the Number of Directors of the ConiPa:jy-Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and, for regulating the I'.lection of the Governors and Directors of the said Company; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bili be read a Second time.

Mr. Neale presented to the House, according to Or- Exportation

der, a Bill for permitting the Exportation ot Wool, and °°1

T, r 3 n r , 7 from Ireland.

\\ oollcn or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any

Port in Great Britain: And the same was received; and

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the BucktonBum Petition of the Gentlemen, C lei gy, and Freeholders, of that -nd Berwick Part of the County of Durham commonly called Norham Roac,s* and Island Shires, lying North of the County of Northumberland, and also of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, whole Names are thereunto iublcribed; and ailo

7 Y the

O H f . ‘

2 mart

the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, under their Common Seal; and also the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Shire of Berwick; were severally referred* That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of that Part of the County of Durham commonly called Nor bam and ljland Shires, lying North of the County of Northumberland; and also of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Matter of the said Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, under their Common Seal; no Person appearing on the Behalf of the said Petition of the Justices of Peace, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Shire of Berwick; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matter of the said Two first-mentioned Petitions, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Christopher Pattifon was examined; who said, That he is well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition; particularly those on the North Side the Town of Berwick, the Soil whereof is a deep Clay; and that the said Roads are much frequented by Travellers and Carriages, and are in a very ruinous Condition:

Thar on his going to view the said Roads, about Three Weeks ago, his Horse was (tuck fast in one Part of them, and he obliged to alight in a Place which was over his Boots in Water:

That the Country in general complain of the Badness of the Roads, and desire to have them repaired; and he gave two Instances thereof; the one of a Waggoner, who goes every Six Weeks from Leeds ro Edinburgh, who told the Witness he would rather pay double or treble Toils, than not have the Roads repaired; the other, a Person whom he met on the said Road, who frequently travels the same on Horseback, who told the Witness, he would rather pay a Shilling a time for a Turnpike than want one:

That he was Surveyor of the Highways, for such Part of the said Roads as lies on the North Side of Berwick, in the Year 1742; and at that time, and for Five Years after, the Statute-work was performed, and the Road made pretty good in Summer, but in Winter became as bad as ever; and that, in the Opinion of the Witness, they cannot be made good by the 01 dinary Methods of Law:

That, though he is not so well acquainted with the said Roads on the South of Berwick, yet he knows them to be in a bad Condition; and that he indicted them in the Year 1748; but it was to no manner of Purpose, for the Road has notwithstanding been as bad as ever:

That the Repair of the said Roads would be of general Utility; and that he believes all the Inhabitants would very willingly pay towards it.

Mr. George Lawrie informed your Committee, That he is well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which lie on the South Side of Berwick; which are in a very ruinous Condition: That his Father was Surveyor of the said Roads in the Year 1748; but, being indisposed, the Witness acted for him; that two Parts of the said Roads; viz. Tweedmouth Lane, and Etall Road, were indicted that Year; and the Consequence was, that though they were repaired in Summer, yet in Winter they became as bad as ever, or rather worse:

That the Badness of the Roads is occasioned by the Nature of the Soil, and the many Carriages passing the same: That he believes the Statute-work inefficient to repair them; and that the amending them, in a sufficient Manner, would be of general Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill;

A. 1753.

and from the Road at the South End of Tweedmouth, along Etall Highway, through East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, and, through Cornhill, to Deddoburn; and from the Road at Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called jHornburn; and from the Road near Scramerton, through Ancroft, to Lickerburn} in the County of Durham: and from the Road at Scotjgate, in the said Town of Berwick, by the South Side of Hally down Hilly to a House called The Bound Road House; and from the said Road at Scotjgate to Whittaker Low-bridge, and to a Place called The Bound Roady within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick: And chat Mr. Vane} Mr.

Bowes, and the Lord Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hale presented to the House, according to Order, Enfield, &c. a Bill for continuing, and giving further Powers to the Roads. Trustees for putting in Execution, Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the PanTh of Enfieldy in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said great Bridge to the South End of the great Bridge at Wades-mil; and from the great Road at Cheshunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to naturalize John James Schweighauser and David Girard, was read a Second time. "hause/’s, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fel- Nat. lowes, Mv. Lyster, Mr. Gray, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ridley,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Wright, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Popham, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ccoke,

Mr. Stanwix, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Vernon,

Lord Barrington, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Cujl, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. West, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Ker, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Byng, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Gwynn,

Mr. Gild art. Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kent,

Sir Francis Poole, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Hill, Mr. Beaghan, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Wijon, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. IVa> burton, Mr. Peachey, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pelham; and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Cluck, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof the Petition Fishery. of the Society of the Free British Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had ai reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to corifider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera- Boston, tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the bill Small E for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Boston and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of

Lincoln,

20 Mar.

d6 Geo. II. 20 — 5 *M 35

Lincoln, was commirted, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The Ilouie proceeded to take the said Report into Confederation.

And the said Import was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said B:lh being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quell.on levcrally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ldcrffrr, The Order made this Day for taking into Consideration Road. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Le: refer, co the Town of Ajbby de la Zouch, in the said County, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Cud Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Qudlion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofieJ.

Trade to Turkey: And praying, That the Petitioners may be allowed to export their Commodities in as free and unconfined a Manner, as they are permitted to manufacture them.

A Petition cf several principal Merchants, Traders, Levy* Manufacturers, and others, inhabiting within and near the Trac*

City of London, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, Thata Bill is ordered to be brought in for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive the most likely Means to retrieve that once so valuable Branch of our Commerce, will be by laying it open to all his Majesty’s Subjects, under as few Reftrainrs aspofilble: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

The Names subscribed to the said last mentioned Petition were also read.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John David Barbutt Esquire, and Fort*- Rarbutt’s, &c. natus Planta Merchant, was prefenied to the House, and Nat. read; praying, Thar Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir '

Peter Thompson, and Mr. Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then thr House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna,50 die;

Anno 26° Georgii IIui Regis, 1753. Prayers.

Debtors A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt

Petitions. Jf\. in his Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of York, in behalf of

themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several other Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Whitechapel Prison, in behalf of themselves, and all ocher Prisoners under the 1 lie most miserable and deplorable Circumstances;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Did refs, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Salford,&c. Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Janffen, Mr. Williams,

Road*. Mr. Robinson, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Richards, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Chapel in the Town of Salford to the Town of Warrington and Bolton, and, through Wardley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Worfey, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed.

Levant A Petition of the principal Dealers and Manufacturers

ra c* in the Metal Trade, in and about the Town of Waif all, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, on behalfef themselves, and all others concerned in the said Trade: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Manufacturers in the Metal Trade, residing in Bilston, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers in the Metal Trade, in the Town of Wilnall) near Wolverhampton: And also,

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers in the Metal Trade, in the Town of Wolverhampton;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally repreiencing to the House the Advantages which would arise to the Petitioners by opening the Vol. 26.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, Merchants, and Traders, LawtonGate, within the Borough and Port of Liverpoole, in the County &c. Road. Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Potters, and other Traders and Inhabitants of the Borough and Market Town of A'evecastle under Line, and the several Parishes or Townships of Wcolfianton, Stoke, Bu~

Jlem, Tunflall, New Chapel, and other adjacentTownships, in the County of Stafford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application made to the House for a Bill to amend the Roads leading from Lawton Gate, in the County of Chef.er, through the Towns of Sand-bach and Aliddlewich, and from thence to the Town of A orthwich, and to Wind ford Bridge, in the said County; and alleging, That the said Roads are become very ruinous; and that the effectual repairing of the same would be of great Advantage to the Publick: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be hrought in fur amending the said Roads.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred 10 the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County of Chester, and Parts adjacent, is referred; And they are to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Lower Comp* Halfway House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the ton Roads. County of Dorset, to the East End of the Town of Ax-minfer, in the County of Druon, through the Towns of Yeovil and Crewkerne; and from the said Town of Yeovil to Mudford Bridge, Vagg Hollow, Odcombe, and Whijlle Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thac the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Id Ik inf on, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Bet hell, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Compton, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Digby, Mr. Duke, Lord Downe, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Med-licott, Mr. Gray, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Popham, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Garth, Mr. Barry, Sir Cor del Fir ebr ace Mr,

Bouverie, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Willy \; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall:

And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Fiye of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

tivchead,&c.

Road.

Brou«h

Roads.

636

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Landholders, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Langfort, Somerton, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; fetcing forth. That, the Highways leading from the Red Pcji in the Parish of Fivehcad, through the Parish of Curry Rivell, and the Towns of Langfort and Somerton, ro Bui well, near the Bottom of Almsfordhill, in the Parish of Aim ford; and from the Bell Inn in Curry Rivell a fore fa id, through Hambridge Lane, and Higher West more, to Puckingtcn La?ie, in the Parish of Puckingtcn; and from Cary Bridge, in the Parish of Somerton aforesaid, to Street Crc/sy in the Parish of Street, towards Glastonbury, in the County of Somerset , are become so ruinous in the Winter Season, and are in divers Places so narrow, thac it is dangerous to Persons passing through the fame; and that the ordinary Course appointed by Law is not sufficient for the effectual repairing and widening of the said Roads: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing and widening of the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kem. Tyxie, Mr. Gray, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Willy, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gwyrn, Mr. Wil-kirfen, Mr. Bold, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pcpham, Mr. liar-dinge, Sir William Tenge, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Palmer,

Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. War bur* tan, Mr. Cooke, Lord Digby, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Neale, Mr. Henley, Mr. -Turner, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Parry, Sir Cor del Fire brace. Lord Downe, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Liste, Sir James Loivther, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. LVzry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Bottom of the County of Westmorland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Burghers, of the Borough of Appleby, in the said County; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in ix the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was iFad; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Thomas Carleton Esquire said, That the High Road from the East End of the Town of Brough, in the County of Westmorland, to Eamont Bridge, by the Borough of Appleby, and through the Divifron of the said County called The Bottom of Westmorland, is in many Places very narrow, and is become so ruinous and bad, that it is oftentimes very dangerous, and almost impassable in many Parts thereof: That he has presented the Inhabitants of different Parts Four times to the Quarter Sessions, on account of the Badnels of the Road 5 and said, That the Country in general were for the present Application to Parliament.

Mr. William Armitage confirmed the above Evidence, with regard to the Badncfs of the Road from Brough to Appleby and Penrith; and said, That Six Pence in the Pound has been laid out on great Part thereof, which has been found insufficier.t; and that the same cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Fait End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County;

10

17 S3*

And that Sir James Lowther, Mr. Wilfcn, and Mr. Dal-ft on, do prepare, and bring in, the ft me.

Mr. Wilson reported from the Committee, to whom the HeirirgSyke Bill for widening and repairing the High Road leading Road* from Heiring Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, through the Town of Kirkby, in Kendal, and from thence to Eamont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the Eloufe shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery B0fton, ice. of small Debts within the Borough of Boston and Skirbeck Small Debts. Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Boston and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

Then the Blank left in the Bill for the Tide thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Robert Bertie do carry die Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, Keighley to and others. Inhabitants in the Counties of York and Wed- ken-

morland, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, da oaus* That the High Roads leading through Keighley, Utley,

Steel on, GIus burn, Ki Idwick, Cononley, Skip ton, Broughton,

Elftack, Stirton, Thorleby, Gargrave, Martin, S win den,

Coniftone, Hellifield, Long Preston, Settle, Giglefwick,

Lawkland, Anftwick, Clapham, Newby, Newby coate. Old Coates, Ingleton, Thornton, Westhouse, Irely, Leek, Cow-inbridge, Kirkby Lonsdale, Keastick, Old Town, Hutton,

Hutton Roose, Middlejhaw, and Kirkland, and several other Towns and Villages in the Counties of York and Westmorland, for Repair whereof Application has been made to the House, are in part amended, and may be throughout effectually repaired, and kepe in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, if a Bill should pass for the Repair of the said Roads, it will subjectthe Petitioners and other Inhabitants to an unnecessary Expence, and will be extremely burdensome and detrimental to the Farmers and Traders in the said several Towns, and other Places on and near the said Roads: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against any Bill, which may be brought into the House for erecting a Turnpike to repair the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursday Sevennighc.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners forexc- a.count* 0 cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Navy Ddu presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy on the 31st December 1748, and.3id December 1732; also what Money hath been received between

50 Martii.

2r6 Geo. II.

5° Martiu

637

tween those Periods towards discharging the said Debt, cember 1752, has arisen; drftinguishing the same under together with the Reasons for the Increase thereof; and also, the several Heads of Expence.

An Account, shewing how the Increase of the Debt of And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

the Navy, from the 31st December 1751, to the 31st De- The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, 7 An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy on the 31st 2d March 1753.) December 1748, and 31st December 1752; also what Money hath been received between those Periods, towards discharging the said Debt, together with the Reasons for the Increase thereof; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 9th February last.

The Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1748, as presented to Parliament -

Received of the 5,100,000l. granted by Parliament towards the Discharge of the Debt -And for the Charge of transporting Settlers to Nova Scotia} in the Year 1749 -

Which reduces that Debt to

The Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1752 From whence deducing the above Sum of -

Shews the Debt increased, between the 31st December 1748 and 31st December 1752, to amount to -Granted by Parliament in the Years 1750, 1751, and 1752, for extra Repairs -

Whereof expended for that Service -

Expended less than granted -

Remains to be accounted for

Reasons for the said Increase.

On the Head of Wear and Tear.

Charge of Men borne more than voted by Parliament Charge of Transports not provided for by Parliament Premiums on Naval Stores -

Bounty of 5/. per Head for Men belonging to the Enemy’s Ships, which have been either taken or destroyed.

Interest incurred on Navy Bills -

There having been more Workmen employed in those Years, than are intended to be continued the next; by means whereof there are now Twenty-eight Ships more of the Line in good Condition, than were at the End of the War; which, with the Stores purchased for the Employment of the said Men, has occasioned as additional Expence of

On the Head of Wages.

Charge of Men borne more than voted by Parliament

On the Head of Vi£tualling.

As per Account received from those Commissioners; viz.

The Expence of Land Forces victualled between the ill January 1748, and 31st December 1752 The Provisions for the Number of Men borne, more than voted by Parliament -

The additional Allowance of Vinegar -

Extra Freights and Demurrages for Hire of Merchant Ships, to carry ProviQons for Supply of his Majesty’s Ships in foreign Parts Interest incurred on Bills -

Bills of Exchange drawn for Supply of his Majesty’s Ships in the East Indies before the lft January 1748-9, and numbered fmee Bills made out to Pursers for Balance of their Accounts in former Years, but numbered since 31st December 1748

s. d. £ s. d.

- - 5*459.676 16 nf

4,942,180 14 9

23,672 I 3 4.965,852 16 0

- - 493.824 0 u|

- - 944.901 2 7

- - 493,824 0 nf

-7 - 45I>°77 1 1\

438,153 0 0 ,

296,423 3 10I

- - 141,729 16 if

- - 592,806 17 9i

21,937 10 6

9j>873 12 ioi

97.453 18 7

30,960 0 0

16,366 19 5

88,855 IS 4 347.447 »6 2f

- - 24»37S 0

20,516 9 6

15.437 10 0

7,826 0 6

u»739 7 0

9.353 4 9

69,423 *9 4

86,687 10 6

220,984 1 7

1 592,806 17 9I

Vol. 26,

S. Mostyn%

Will, Corbett, Edward Falkingham>

JoJ. Allin, R. Ojborny

Dan. Deverts Richard Hall.

7Z

Navy

6j8

Martii.

A.

>753'

Navy Office, 2d March 17 53.

7 Aw ACCOUNT, shewing hdW the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, from the 31st Decern-1 1751, to the 31st December 1752, has arisen; distinguishing the same under the several

Heads of Expence; prepared puriuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 8 th February lait.

The Debt of the Navy on the 3 ift December 1751, as presented to Parliament

Granted by Parliament towards the Discharge thereof -

Which reduces that Debt to -

The Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1752 - -

From whence deducting the above Sum of ——

Shews the Debt increased, between the 31st December 1751 and the 31st December 1752, to amount to- - -

Reasons shewing the several Heads of Expence; viz.

Bedding bought, and other Stores supplied, for the Use of Soldiers, between the ift January and 31st December not provided for by Parliament -Interest incurred on Transport Bills -

On the Head of Wear and Tear.

j-

Premiums on Naval Stores -

interest incurred on Navy Bills -

There having been Eleven hundred and Thirty Workmen employed this Year more than are intended to be continued the next; by means whereof, there are now Twenty-eight Ships more of the Line in good Condition, than were at the End of the War; which, with the Stores purchased for the Employment of the said Workmen, has occasioned an additional Expence of-----

On the Head of Victualling.

As per Account received from those Commissioners; viz. Expence of victualling Land Forces between ift January and 3 ift Deem-her 1752 -

Additional Allowance of Vinegar, as^r Estimate -Interest incurred on Bills -Extra Freights and Demurrages performed in former Years, but paid in the present - - - - -8914

Extra Freights in the present Year - - - 146 16

Value of Remains on 31st December 1752 exceed the Remains of the preceding Year - Bills of Exchange drawn from the East Indies, for the Service of his Majesty’s Ships there in preceding Years, have been presented and paid in the present Year; which, it is presumed, may be deemed a further Reason for the Increase of the Debt in this Year; and amount to The Amount of Pursers Balance Bills, numbered in this Year for Accounts which terminated in fprmer Years, is £. 20,885. 10. o.; which, with the Waste and Decay of Provisions, may be presumed to be Reasons for the remaining Sum of -


£. d.

1,150 1

201 o

35>6,3 8

3.594 1 5

83>537 9 1

i,686 1 of

1,498 1 6

2,489 11 7

1,038 o 9

2.35+ *9 7

11,985 2 4

23.93° 2

/. d.

1,675,792 16 a

900,000 0 0

775,792 16 7*

944,901 2 7

775,792 t6 7i

169,108 5 II I

«.35i

122,745 8 2

44,982 o 2 £. 169,078 10 9*

S. Mojlyn, WiU.Corbett,

Jo/.Allin, R. Ofbtrn,

Ban. Devett, Richard Hall,

Ordered,

16 Geo. 11.

5° Martiu

639

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

DevonCoun- Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde reported from the tyGiol. Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheri ft*, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, assembled at a General Meeting held for that Purpose; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, assembled at a General Meeting held at the Castle of Exeter for that Purpose; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition the following Witnesses were examined $ viz.

William Land Esquire, Under-sheriff, and Edward Collins Esquire; who severally said, That there is no High Gaol for Criminals belonging to the High Sheriff; and that the County is also without a Sheriff’s Prison, or Place of Confinement for Debtors, the High Sheriffs being obliged, from time to time, to hire a private House on the be ft Terms they can, to keep such Debtors; by means whereof many Inconveniencies frequently happen.

And Mr. Lend further said, That, there being no Sheriff's Prison for Debtors, the Proprietor or Keeper of such House obliges the Sheriff to pay for the same what he thinks fit to impose, which hath increased for several Years pad; for, in the Year 1751, there was paid for the said House 70/. and in 175a the Sum of 73/. ioj.: And the Proprietor, who is Keeper of the Prison, has declared, that he would not agree with future Sheriffs on the same Terms, and that, at prefenc, the Under-sheriff and his Officers are obliged to sollicit all Complaints that are preferred at any time against him (by the Prisoners for ill Usage) to the Justices of Assize, either by Motion or Petition; and inlists, for the future, on being indemnified from every such Motion or Petition.

That, in Support of the last mentioned Petition, your Committee were informed, to their Satisfaction, That the Allegations therein contained are true.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill for raising a Sum of Money, by a County Rate, for erecting or p!irchafing a proper Prison for Debtors, in the County of Devon: And that Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Bullerj Mr. Taylor, and Sir William Tinge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Regulating Sir William Tonge presented to the House, according to brokers Order, a Bill for regulating Pawn-brokers and Brokers

ers' within the Bills of Mortality and Places adjacent; and for

more effectuaily preventing the receiving of stolen Goods: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Ijine:

Mr. Speaker,

StoneChurch. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish; without any Amendment; And also,

Catlifle to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads*1 ^or rePa^r*nS Roads from the City of Carlifte to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland \ and from the said Town of Pnirith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland \ without any Amendment: And also, lewdlcv. See. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Wcrcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol 26.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scend Street for repairing and widening the Road from the West End Road, of Seend Street, in the County of Wilts, to The Hor/e and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Peploea to enable John Peploe Birch, an Infant, heretofore called Name*

John Peploe, to take and use the Surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Birch Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading white Sheet from the Top of a Hill called White Sheet Hill, in the Hill, &c. Great Western Pod Road, in the Parish of Donhead St. Road. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns off Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, Mi'bome Porte, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset; and from thence to a House called, or known by the Name of, The Halfway House, situate in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Digby,

Lord Downe, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Herbert, Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Ellis, Sir John Cust, Lord Bateman, Mr. Col.elcn,

Mr. Potter, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

Fe/lowes, Mr. Southwell, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. GaJhry, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Neale > Mr. Beck ford, Mr.

Cholmondeley, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gwyrm, Colonel Leighton, Mr.

Sergifon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Wright e, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Garth, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Thonibagb, Mr. Hay, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bowes, Sir James Low t her, Mr. Fanfhaw, Sir George Oxen den, Mr. Hardinge,

Colonel Eliot, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Tracy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, Somerfst, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Hanover Poor in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, within Square Poor, the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for cleansing *c* the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parish; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Corn-Wallis, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Compton,

Lord Trentbant, Mr. Delme, Sir Wm. Proflor, Mr.

Edwin, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bond, Sir William Ccdrington, Mr. Glanville, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Garth, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Acourt, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Stanwix,

Sir William Irby, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Salufbury, Mr. Wright, Mr. ProvJfe, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Whit n orth, Mr*

Townshend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bathurst,

Lord George Sackville, Mr. Neale, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Ellis, Sir John Ligonier, Mr. B arbor, Mr. Wilkinjon,

Mr. Hay; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or Byferti|ir. One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pine bour. of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Dyfert, and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Three hundred Y ards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of the said Town, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Ker, Mr. War bur ton, Mr*

Stuart, Mr. Potter, Mr. Turner, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Lyfer, Mr, Hay, Sir John Cust, Mr, Northey, Mr. Ky-

nafton.

£>4° 5* Mar Hi. 1753.

iiafion, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Afo/*, Mr. Beckford, Mr. £///>, Mr. Mr. Wilkinjon, Colonel Stanwin, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Duke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. I,*//*, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Ora*, Sir Barrington, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bavkes Hodgskin/on, Mr. P/7/, Mr. John Torke, Colonel Leighton; and all the Members who serve for Britain: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

pec , A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Un-Navigation, dertaking for recovering and preserving the N avigation of the River Dee, in General Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; reciting some Provisions in an Act,made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation Of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester; and setting forth, That the Undertakers of the said Navigation, appointed by the said Act, have made the said River'navigable, and have expended very considerable Sums of Money upon Account thereof, and In making several necessary Works to preserve and complete the said Navigation; and that, by an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the said Undertakers werp incorporated, and had several Powers given them, for the better managing of the said Undertaking; and that, by an Act, made in the 17 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the Tonnage Rates, which the said Undertakers were, by the said first* mentioned Act, impowered to take, for the Passage of Vessels upon the said River, were, with the Consent of the said Undertakers, reduced; and the said Two first-menrioned Acts were explained and amended in several other Particulars; and that several Doubts and Disputes having arisen concerning the Boundaries of the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and Sir John Glynne of Ha-warden, in the County of Flint y Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several other Persons, Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, within the said Manor, having or claiming a Right of Commoning upon the Waste Lands, Commons, and Salt Marshes, within the said Manor, the Petitioners, and the said Lord and Freeholders, have entered into an Agreement to ascertain the fame; and for the better securing the said Lands from being overflowed, and otherwise damaged by the said Navigation; but that the said Agreement cannot be eftectually carried into Execution,unless the same be confirmed by Act of Parliament; and alleging, that it is needftry, that the said several Acts made in the 6th, 14th, and 17 th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, should be explained and amended in several Particulars, the better to enable the Petitioners to maintain and preserve the said Navigation, and the Works already made, and such other Works as may be necessary for completing the said Undertaking: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming the said Agreement, and for explaining and amending the said Acts, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Warhurton, Mr. Brijlow, Mr. Leveson, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Pitt, Lord Strange, Mr. Lajcellesy Mr. Potter, Mr. Prozi/e, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fellowes y Mr. Charlton, Mr. Southwell\ Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Ruflwut, Mr. Gray, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lyfler, Sir John Cust, Mr. Locke, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Wm. Calvert, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Yorke, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Collet on, Mr. Dowdejwell, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gybbony Mr. Kerr, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Ellis y General Handafyde, Mr. Burr el, Mr. Gorey Mr. Bullery Mr. fVhichcot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Compton, Mr. Medlycott, l Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Co dr ingt on, General

Onslow, Mr. Reynolds, , Mr. Palmer, Sir Lynch Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the County of

Chester, and for North Wales: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- . ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, ChriilChurdi a Bill more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Workhouse. Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or ered a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Northallertoa whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Roa<1* assembled at the General Quarter Sessions,holden at Thirsk, the 3d Day o fOBcber, in the Year of our Lord 1752, in and for the North Riding of the County of York, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of and in the said Riding, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Mathews, being examined, said, That he lives at Stokejley, and knows the Hoad mentioned in the Petition, which is Fourteen Miles long, and in general very bad, and impracticable for Carriages in Winter; and chat several Parts of it have been indicted; that he thinks the Road cannotbe repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, because the Two Parishes of Tkirtkby and Shipton, through which the said Road leads,have been indicted, and have attempted thereupon to amend the said Road, to no manner of Purpose.

Being asked the Question, he laid, He did not know whether Sixpence in the Pound, if it were to be laid out on the Roads, for many Years together, might not be sufficient to repair the same:

That if the said Road were repaired, it would increase the Trade between the City of York and the Towns of Yarm, Stockton, Stokejley, and Gisburne, and the Country thereabouts, and would be, in particular, a great Advantage to York, on Account of the Conveniency of bringing the Linen manufactured in Cleveland to York, where it is most of it fold; but that he cant’t say what Quantities of Linen come that Way; and if the Road were repaired, he thinks the Inhabitants of Easing would get their Coals carried a nearer Way:

That he believes they carry Coals from Thirsk to North Allerton:

That this Road is much frequented by Carriages in Summer, especially at the latter End of the Year, loaden with Butter, to the City of York.

And being alked the Question, he said, He never heard any Objection made to repairing the said Road.

Mr. Thomas Martin informed your Committee, That he was born at Thirsk, anti knows the Road mentioned in the Petition, which is very bad, the Soil of it being in general very rotten, and a little Tandy about Thirsk; chat / he thinks the Statute-work is not sufficient to repair it in a manner sufficient for Carriages; but that he does not know whether it has been tried.

Mr. Richard Lancaster being examined, laid, He lives at Eafingwould, and is well acquainted with the Road defcished in the Petition, which is in some Places too narrow; and the Soil is a deep Clay and Sand; and no Carriages can pass it in Winter; and that they are very often stuck fast even in Summer; and many Persons on Horse-back have been in Danger of their Lives o nShipton Moor; and that the Road has always' been very bad, buc worse lait Year than ever:

That if the Road were repaired, it would be much frequented by Butter Carriages, as well as Carriages loaden with Linen Manufactures; and that the Butter Trade is 12 carried

16 Geo. II.

5° Mar

641

carried on all the Year, except between Christmas and Candlemas:

That he is certain that the Statute work, and Sixpence in the Pound Levy, would not be sufficient effectually to repair the fold Road; for that in the Year 1749 he was Surveyor of the Highways for the Parish of Eafingwould, when Eight Days Work were done, and a Levy of 4d. in the Pound duly collected and laid out; but this was insufficient to keep the Road in Repair, there being many other Roads in that Parish; and that the Statute-work has been regularly done ever since he was Surveyor; but he can't speak as to what Levy has been raised, the Assessment for the Highways being Part of the Constables Cess.

That the Town of Bridford, through which Part of the saidRoad leads, raised 6 d. in the Pound in the Year 1740; and one Year they raised 9 d. in the Pound; and yet have been unable to repair the same; and that the Parish of Shipton have been indicted for their Road:

That there are Materials near the said Road; and that it is capable of being amended; and if it were so, it would be of great Advantage to the Country in general, particularly in the Carriage of Coals.

Being afkcd, W hether they had not Coals brought to Eafingwould, froro the Ouze, he said, They had; but that they were both dearer and worle than the Coals at Riley Fen; and if the Roads were repaired, they might be supplied thence:

That there was a Carrier between Darlington and York, who used to go by Thirsk; but is obliged now, from the Badness of the Roads, to go by Burrcwbridge; which is Six Miles about, and ha* increased the Price of the Carriage of Goods to Eafingwould Three Halfpence a Stone; and that he has heard People often complain of it:

That the Poor at Thirsk and Eafingwould are starving for Coals, which is occasioned by the Badness of the Road; and that Coals uled to be Fivepence Halfpenny, or Sixpence, a Bushel, and now fell for Sixteen or Eighteen Pence; and that he is sure the raising a Toll, for repairing the said Roads, would be a publick Benefit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for widening and repairing the High Road from Northallerton, through the Towns of Thirsk and Eafingwould, in the County of York, to the Ci'v of York: And that the Lord Downe, Mr. Townsend, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and ' bring in, the fame.

Tftdcafier, kc. Road.

Durham

Road.

Stoirbridge, &c. Roads.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tadcaster, through Newton, Collingham, Harewood, Aribing-ton, and Pool, to Q$ley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ihornhagh, Lord Downe, Mr. Lyster, Mr. With inf on. Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Townshend, Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkmfcn, Mr. Cray, Mr. Ellis, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Grenville, Lord Dupplin-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland\ Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are co meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bowes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road, leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durban%, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That: the Bill be read Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the Market Town of Brom/grove, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; taking Not ice, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for repairing VOR. 36.

(amongst other Roads) the Road leading from the Marlcet House, in the Town of Stourbridge, in the said County, to the Bell Inn, in the Road towards the said Town of Brornff grove; and setting forth, That the Road leading from the said Bell Inn, to the said Town of Brom/grove, is, in divers Places, so ruinous in the Winter Season, and in many Parrs so very narrow and incommodious, that Carriages cannot pals without great Danger and Difficulty; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That such Clause or Glaufcs may be added to the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road from the said Bell Inns to the said Town of Brom/grove, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Lyttelton, Sir Geo. Lyttelton;

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Prowse>

Mr. Gray, Mr. West, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Ellis, Sir Francis Drake, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Hunter,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cust, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Neale, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hcblyn, Colonel Cornwallis,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Gore, Colonel Elliot, Mr. Caley, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Williams, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Alderman Betheil, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Chester, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Cords! Firebrace, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Lascelles, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Compton, Colonel Bo/cawen, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Btiller,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Montagu, Lord Downe, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr, Shelley, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Rigby-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wore eft er, Warwick, and Stafford: And they are to inert this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Heretors, bf Renfrew the County of Renfrew, was presented to the House, and Roads, read; fetring forth. That the Road from Clerks Bridge, to Qwarreltoun, and from thence by Elder/ly, ro Paiftey, and from thence to a Place called The Three Mile House, and the Road from Johnston Bridge, by Elderjly, to Paiftey, and the Road leading from a Place called Marchtowne, by Shaw Bridge and Snipes, to a Place called Rafter Grange^ and the Road leading from Corfehill to Floak Bridge, all in the County of Renfrew, are in many Places ruinous, and impastable in Winter for Wheel Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers; and cannot, by the Laws now in being, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given co bring in a Bill, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Heretors of the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Leive be given to bring in a Bill, for Regiijating regulating the Number of Alchousesin that Part of Great Alehouses. Britain called England; and for the more easy convicting Persons selling Ale, and other Liquors, without Licence:

And that Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Salufhury presented to the House, according to Levant Order, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into Trade* the Levant Seas: And the same was received; read the First rime.

Re/elved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

fcA Mr*

British

Fishery.

Bounty on Sail Cloth.

64a 50 Martii. . A. 1753.

Mr. Alderman BetbcU, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is reasonable that the Petitioners, having had in the Bank, within the Term of Eighteen Months next after the Date of their Subscripdon, Money sufficient to answer all their Contracts which were depending during the Six Months allowed after the Expiration of such Eighteen Months, should receive the Interest of Three Pounds per Centum, allowed by the Act of the Twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, in such manner as they would have been intitled thereto, in case so much Money of the Petitioness, as would have been sufficient to answer the said Contracts respectively, had, at the Time of making the same, been in the Bank of England.

a. Resolved, That ir is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commencement and Duration of the White Herring Fisheries ought to be regulated by the Calendar now in use in these Kingdoms.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners ought to have on board their Vessels, at their Return into Port, the same Number of Hands as they are by the said Act obliged to have at the Rendezvous of such Vessels, unless the Number shall be reduced by Death, Sickness or Desertion.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Vessels employed in the said Fisheries be at Liberty to go into Port, between the Intervals of the Two Fisheries called the Shetland and the Yarmouth Fisheries,. in order to change their Nets, and otherwise to prepare for the Second Fishery.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners be at Liberty to make use of Nets of Five Fathoms deep in the Second Fishery, called the Yarmouth Fishery.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second timei were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereto \ viz.

After " into," to insert " any," and after " Port," to insert " in Great Britain or Ireland "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That the Vessels employed in the said Fisheries be at Liberty to go into any Port in Great Britain, or Ireland, between the Intervals of the Two Fisheries, called the Shetland and the Yarmouth Fisheries, in order to change their Nets, and otherwise to prepare for the Second Fishery.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Bethelly Lieutenant General Oglithorpey Mr. Alderman . Janffen, Mr. Vernon, and Sir Bourchier Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers, of British Sail Cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,on behalfof themselves, and of several others concerned in* the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Fund which was established for the Payment of the Bounties upon the Exportation of British-made Sail Cloth, having been found insufficient, a Clause was inserted in an Act in the Year 1750, whereby it was provided, that the said Bounty

should, for the futtire, be paid out of such Part of (he old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, after satisfying all Payments already charged thereupon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament.^ that behalf, in manner, and under the Regulations and Restrictions which are directed and prescribed by the several Acts of Parliament, for the Payment of such Bounties; and alleging, that the Words " After satisfying all Payments already charged cc thereupon, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in fi thac Behalf," being inserted in the said Clause, the* Encouragement formerly granted by the Legislature, and by the said Clause intended to be effectually secured, hath been intirely defeated, by reason that several other Bounties are charged upon the said Fund, and the Payment of such Bounties have, by the said Restriction, a Preference to the Payment of the Bounties upon British-made Sail Cloth 5 and as Debentures are continually standing out upon Account of such other Bounties, ’tis impossible to obtain any Allowance upon the Exportation of the said Manufactures; and the Bounties are wholly in Arrear ever since the passing of the said Clause: And therefore praying, That Provisiort may be made for the effectual and regular Payment of the said Bounties, in such' manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Thac this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

r

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hfcufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts, into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Aidemey, Sark, or Man.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heir-ing Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Wefimorlaudy through the Town of Kirkbyr in Kendal, and from thence to Emont Bridge, in the said County of fVtf-morlandy was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Reynolds have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And

Importation

ofUambnckau

Ways and Means.

Berformarce of Quarantine.

Hej ring Syke Road.

Keighley to Kirkby Kendal Road.

Chichester

Workhouse.

Ed wards’s Name,



a(f Geo. it. 5° — 6° Mdrtii.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of Merchants and Traders in Lancaster. And the said Petition was read, taking Notice, That a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for repairing and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West Hiding of the County of York, to Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland; and setting forth, That about Twenty Miles upon the said Road, from Clapbam to Skipton, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow; and alleging, That if the said Roads were amended, it would be very beneficial to the Country in general, and an Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town in particular. And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a I^w; and that Turnpikes and Toll-housesmay be erected for levying a Toll or Tolls upon the said Roads; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be repaired in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MarttSj 6° die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of Chichester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend they may be much eased, and the Poor of the several Parishes of the said City better provided for, if a general Workhouse be erected within the said City, for entertaining and employing the said Poor, and a Corporation to consist of Guardians, for better maintaining and employing the said Poor, be constituted by Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Mr. Tonge, Mr. South* welly Colonel Lee, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Sandys, Mr. OJwa/d, Mr. Ord, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Neale, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Delme, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Yhornbagh, Mr. H&blyn, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Poore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lockyer, Sir James Johnstone, Mr. llardinge, Mr. Southwell, Mr. John York, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Beagban, Mr. Wiikinjon, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Gaftrry, Lord Hillsborough; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surry, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Elias Brownfword, of London, Merchant, the only surviving Executor of Mrs. Mary Edwards, late . of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, deceased, for , and on the behalf of Gerard Ann Edwards Esquire, an Infant, Son of the said Mary Edwards, was presented to . the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Mary . Edwards, by her last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 13th Day of April 1742, gave and deviled all her Free-. hold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Manors, Lordships, Mef-. fuages, Tythes, Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments,in Great Britain and Ireland (subject to the several Provisions in the said Will mentioned) to the Use of the said Gerard Ann Edwards, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, and to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said Gerard Ann Edwards, lawfully to be begotten, severally Vol. 26.

and successively, and of the respective Heirs Male of their Bodies lawfully iiluing in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Daughters of the said Gerard Ann Edwards, lawfully to be begotten, severally and successively, and of the respective Heirs Male of their Bodies lawfully issuing in Tail; and for Default of such Issue; to the several other Ules, Remainders, and Limitations in the said Will particularly set forth; and that the said JAary Edwards, by her said Will, declared, that the several Estates, therein before limited or devised to the Sons and Daughters of her Son the said Gerard Ann Edwards, and their Heirs Male, were so limited and devised to them, upon this express Condition, that such of them respectively &s should come into Possession of the Premises, by virtue of, and under the Devises and Limitations of her said Will, and should not, at the time of his, her, or their Entry, Upon, or becoming intitled to, the Possessiori of the same Premises, be authorized by some Act of Parliament, then in force, to use and take the Surname of Edwards, and bear or quarter the Coat of Arms of her Family, should, immediately after he, she or they; should enter upon, and become intitled to, the Premises, assume the Surname of Edwards, and ufc and bear the Coat of Arms of her Family; and should, in all Deeds, Letters, and other Instruments in Writing, be called and (tiled by the Surname of Edwards; and should apply for, and endeavour to procure, an Act of Parliament, for confirming the said Surname and Arms upon him or them respectively, and his, her, and their respective Issues; and that in case any of the Persons so intitled should neglect or refuse to comply with the said Condition before-mentioned, the Use and Estate for Life, or in Tail, by the said Will limited and devised of and in the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, unto and for the Benefit of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, should be absolutely forfeited and void; and the Person or Persons who, by virtue of the said Devises and Limitations, ought to take next in Remainder, upon the Determination of the Estate limited to the Person and Persons so neglecting or refusing, should enter into, and enjoy, the same Premises, in as beneficial and extensive manner as if the Person so forfeiting, being Tenant for Life* was actually dead, or being Tenant in Tail Male, was actually dead, without Issue Male; the Person or Persons to take, in consequence of such Forfeiture, performing and complying with the Condition annexed to, and provided, coricctning his, her, and their Possession or Enjoyment of the Premises; and that the said Mary Edwards, by her said Will, likewise directed; that if her said Freehold Manors, Lands; Tenements, and Hereditaments, should for want of Issue Male of the Body of her said Son Gerard Ann Edwards, come unto, and vest in, any Daughter or Daughters of the said Gerard Ann Edwards,\n Possession, then the respective Husband and Husbands of all and every such Daughter and Daughters, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Daughter or Daughters, should, as they respectively came into Possession, take upon him and themselves respectively,andufeand bear the Surname and Arms of Edwards, and endeavour to procure such Act: of Parliament, foe confirming the said Surname and Arms upon them and their Issues as aforesaid; and, in Default thereof* should forfeit all the Estate and I nterest devised to, or veiled in, them, by virtue of the said Will, unto and for the Benefit of the Person or Persons intitled next in Remainder, and complying with the Condition afore-mentioned; arrd further setting. forth. That the said Mary Edwards's said Infant Son was baptized by the Christian Name of Gerard . Ann, and hathever since been called and known by the Surname of Edwards; and being now of the Age of 20 Years, or thereabouts, is defirousy in order to prevent any Forfeiture by him, or the Heirs of his Body, under the Condition contained in the said Will, that the Surname of Ed-. wards, by the Authority of Parliament, (boqld be confirmed upon him, and the Heirs of his Body, and upon the Husband and Husbands of all and every such Daughter and Daughters of the Body of the said Gerard Ann Edwards, who, for want of Issue Male of his Body, shall or may come into the Poss<4kon of, or be intitled to, the said

Manors,

6° Martii. A. 1753:

Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,by virtue of the said Will, and upon the Heirs Male of the Body of all and every such Daughter and Daughters; and that hr, she, and they, may be enabled to bear the Arms of the Family of the said Maly Edwards; And therefore, in die Name, and on the behalf, of the said Infant Gerard Am Edwards, praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill, for establishing and confirming the Surname of Edwards, to and upon him, and the Heirs of his Body, and to and upon the Husband and Husbands of all and every such Daughter and Daughters of his Body, who, for want of Ifiue Male of his Body, shall or may come into the Possession of, or be intitled to, the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, devised in and by the Will of the said Mary Edwards, by virtue of the Uses and Limitations ' therein contained, and to and upon the Heirs Male of the Body of all and every such Daughter and Daughters, and for enabling him, her, and them, to bear the Arms of the Family of the said Mary Edwards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuanc to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ord, and Mr. Ofwaid, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Chard, &c. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders,

Road. residing near the Town of Chard, in the County of So-merfet, and who frequently travel the Road between Crew-kerne, in the said County of Somerset, and Axminster, in the County of Devon, and also of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town of Chard aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application hath been made to the House, for an Act for better repairing the Roads from Hhe Half way House, between Sherhorny in the County of Dorset, and Teovily in the County of Sqmerjet, to Axminster, in the County of Devon; andfetcingforth, That the Petitioners are apprehenfive such Road is not in tended to be carried to the general Poll Road, through the Town of Chard aforesaid, but through a Village in the Parish of Chard, called Perry Street; and alleging, that the Road through Pern Street is not more than a Mile and a Quarter nearer tj an through the 1 own of Chard; and$he present Goodness and Breadth of the Road ^through the said Town (the Roads being, for the most part, wide enough already, without purchasing any Ground) and the Convenience of having all Materials necessary for Repairs, immediately on the Spot, would make full Amendsfor this small Difference, and might be put in good Repair at less Expence than the other Road, by more than Two hundred Pounds; forthat, in the Road through Perry Street, Ground mud be purchased for widening the Road /or the Space of several Miles; and that should a Turnpike be erected, and the Road carried through Perry Street, the Petitioners apprehend the same will be attended -with extreme bad Consequences to the Petitioners in and near the said Town of Chard: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the Road intended to be repaired by the said Act of Parliament will be carried through the said Town of Chard, being the general Post Road from London to Exon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thfc Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Prowjt, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandysy Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Sir John Cust, General . Oglethorpe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tkom-baghy Sir Francis Drake, Mr* Ker, Lord Barrington, Mr. Page, Mr. Sydenham> Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Vyner, Mr. dffleck. Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Gafbry, Lord Digby, Mr.- Ofwaid, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fellowes. Colonel Bofcawen, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Nor-they, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Poore; and all-the Members who fervefor the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at - Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have ‘ Ppwer to fend for Persons, Pliers, and Records.

5

A Petition of the Bailiff and BurgefiVs of the Borough Shlpton of Ivelchester, whose Hands and Common Seal are thereto Mj,c. && affixed, together with the Hands of the Ccmmonalry of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; tak-? ing Notice of the Application made by the Petitioners, within the7"own of Shipton Malat, for an Act for Repair of the Roads leading to and from the Towns of Shipton Malet and Ivelchester \ and setting forth, That, by Neglect or Oversight in drawing up the Petition for the said Bill, the Road leading from the Town of Ivelchester, to Spark-ford Bridge, and the Road from Ivelchester, to the South Side of Kingjdon Hill, leading to Somerton (which Reads are very ruinous) were omitted: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given, that the said Road leading from the Town of Ivelchester, to Spar I ford B< idge, and the Road from Ivelchester, to the South Side of Kingsdon Hill, leading to Somerton, and where the Cross Ways meet, may be added to the Bill, and to do all other Things necessary in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and reporc the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Greermek Surveyors of the Highways, and otherlnhabitants, of the roor, kc. Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto llibscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of the Ad made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor; and taking Notice of the manner in which the Highways of Parishes and Places, within Counties at large, are by Law to be repaired; and setting forth, that the Streets of the said Parish of Eafi Greenwich are almost wholly paved, which occasions a considerable annual Expeoce; and that the Highways within the said Parish arc very ill paved and repaired, and th

Streets and Passages are very dirty in the Winter Seafbn, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants, who are not impowered, by any Law in being, to cleanse the fame* and alleging, that if there was to be an additional Rate for repairing the Highways, and cleaning the Streets, added to, and collected with, the Rates annually made for the Reiief of the Poor of the said Parish, and some further Regulations made, the said Rates would be colJ-le&ed with more Ease and Certainty, and less Expence to the Inhabitants thereof, and they would be better enabled to repair the Highways than by the Laws in being the y now are, and also to cleanle the Streets of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, eo impower the Church^ wardens and Pariffiioner*, assembled in Vestry, to make yearly one or more Rate or Rates for repairing the Highways, and cleaning the Streets, within the said Parish, to be added to, and collected with, the Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Pdor; with such further Regulations thereto* as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ellis, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gray, Sir John Rujbout, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Barrington, Mr. Neale, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr,

Page, Mr. Muir, Mr. Acourt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hoblyn,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Poore,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Feltowes, Mr. Fbiftlethwayte, Colonel Cornwallis,

Mr. Barbor, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Alderman Bethell, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Gwym, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bold, Mr. Affleck,*Mr. Richards,

Mr. Unit; and all the Members who ierve for the Counties Of Kent, Surry, Sussex, and Effhx: And they are to 1 meet this Afcernoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

and Recbrds.

A Petition

a

2(5 Geo. II.

6° Martii.

Morifon’s t A Petition of the Heretors, Fewars, and principal In-

Haven at habitants, of the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the

PreitonPan*. Shire of East Lothian, alias Iladdingtoun, thereunto subscribing, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Proprietors of Houses or Land, within the said Town and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Decay of the Trade of the said Town fmce the Union; and letting forth, That an Act passed in the 7th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and improving Morifon’s Haven (which is the only Harbour within the said Parish, and is near adjoining to the said Town) granting certain Duties on Merchandize imported or exported at the said Harbour, for that Purpose, for a T erm of Years which is now lapsed; and that the said Port or Harbour has been suffered to fall into a ruinous Condition; and that there has been a great Increase of the Poor within the said Town and Parish; and alleging, that the Cleaning and Repairing of the said Harbour, and m^kinga new Entrance to it, the ertcting or purchasinga Workhouse, for felting the Poor to work, and maintaining them there, would be the most probable Means ofreftoring Trade to that Place; which would tend to the great Benefit not only of the Town itfcU, but of the adjacent Country; and that it would further contribute to the future Accommodation and Prosperity of the said Town, which is not well provided with sweet Water, if a Fund were provided to convey to' it Water from the rising Grounds io the Neighbourhood; but that, in order to carry on these useful Works, it will be necessary to lay out a considerable Sum of Money, which the said Town has no Revenue to answer: And therefore praying the * House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be for Sale, brewe J, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold, within the said Town and Parish of Prejion Pans, payable by the Brewers, Venders, Sellers, and Tapsters, of such Ale and Beer, during such Term of Years, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Neale, Mr. Muir, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Baron, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Popham, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Willes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Whichcot\ Air. Gray, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr Colleton, Sir Francis Drake; and all the Alcmbers who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

River Cart A Petition of the Bailiff's and Council of the Burgh of

H"*0- in the County of Renfrew, in behalf of the Com-

munity of the said Burgh, and of the Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof, wa» presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thar the said Town is fruated on the River Cart; but that at prefenc hardly any loaded Boat can get up to the Town, except at the highest Spring Tides, occasioned by Banks or Fords, and large Stones or Rocks, which are in the Bed of the River; and that the Petitioners have not a sufficient Prison and Court-house, neither have they a School-house for the Education of their Children, nor Correction-house for the punishing of Vagrants; and that their Shambles are at present in the Middle of the Town, and a very great Nuisance to the Inhabitants; and that they have built a new Church within the said Burgh, at their own Expences, and have no Fund sufficient to pay a Minister’s Stipend, to be called thereto; and that the Petitioners are unable to execute the before-mentioned Works, by reason of the Scantinefsoftheir Funds: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for impowering the Petitioners to 1 leanfe and deepen the River Cart, from Inchinnan Ferry, as far up as the Bridge of Paisley, and for imposing, for a certain Term of Years, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth of a I Voi». 16.

Penny Sterling, on each Scots Pint of Ale of Beer, brewed or brought into and fold within the aforesaid Town and Liberties, and in all Places adjacent, lying within Plait a Aide of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, to be levied: and applied for the cleansing and deepening the said River? and for paying Damages (ifany shall be futtained thereby) to any Person or Pc ribas to whom the said Damage shall be done, as the same shall be awarded by such Arbiters or Judges the [Joule shall name, and for building a new Prison, a. new Cpurt-house, a new School-uoufc, a new-Correction-house, and new. Shambles, and towards Payment of a M miller's Stipend, to be called to the new,

Church, erected in the said Burgh, the said Duties to be vested in the Magi ft rates and Council, as Trustees, and to be under the inspection of Overseers co be named, or togrant such operand further Relief in the P re miles, as to the House shall seem meet. \:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a CorQmictee: And that they* do examine the Matter thereof; and reporc the lame, it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to . Mr. Muir, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Oswald, Air Tracy, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Sandys. Mr Bayntun,

Lord Barringtcn, Mr. f>a>row, Mr Hunter, Mr. Colleton,

Air. IVtUey, oir Francis Drake, Mr. Not they. Air. Tor hep Air. Oglethorpe, Mr. Hume, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowje, 4

Colonci Stanwix, Mr. Colleton, Mr. John Tor he. Colonel Acourt, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mu Shelley, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Poore,

Air. Hale, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Colonel Lee, Lord Geo.

Beauclerk, Sir John Rushout, Mr L\tte/ton; and all the Members who ierve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker

Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the City of Levant Gloucester, and County of the same City, in Common Trade. Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great D crrease in the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures e.» Constantinople, and other Parts of Turkey: And praying the House to give Leave, That, a Bill may be passed for laying open the Trade to Turkey, to all his Majesty's Subjects, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Debtors Majesty’s Gaol at Hertford, in bchall of themselves, and Petition, all others in the like miserable Circumstances, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, tawhom Lobcomb the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, *c

whole Names are thereunto subscribed, living in, near,_ and frequently travelling through the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterflow, to Winchester Gate. through Winchester Street, Catharine Street,

Draghall Street, and St. Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to Harnham Bridge, and from the Corner of St. Anne's Street, oppofue Mr. Bafkei'ville's House, in the said City, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County of Southampton, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direcded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition

Mr. John French was called, and said, That he knows the Roads frorp New Sarum (through Alderbury Common,

Watton Lane, by Newton Pond, through Landford, Bram-fha w. Brook, Cadenbam, Windsor, Networth, and Totton)

8 B to


€ix\ifle to

Workingtoa

Road.

Enfield; kc. Roads. "

Cltherick Bridge Road.

*45

6° Martii.

to Ealing, and the Road from Lohcomb Corner, to Sarum, which are become very ruinous and bad, by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame; and that several Parts of the said Roads are fb aarrow, that Coaches and Wheel Carriages cannot pass by one another; and are so bad, that the Parishes through Which the Roads do lead are unable, by the ordinary Course of Law, to repair* the fame.

And the said Mr. French gave Evidence, That the Roads proposed to be amended from New Sarum to Ealing, is nearer by Two or Three Miles than any other Road leading from and to the same Places.

Then Mr. John Swaine was also called; and being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. French, as to the Badness of the Roads; and said. That the Roads from New Sarum to Ealing were Two or Three Miles nearer than any other Road is.

And the said John Swaine said further, That there was a great Trade in Coals, Malt, Corn, and other Merchandizes, carried on between New Sarum and Ealing.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Pari ill of Winterjlow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Corner of Saint dime's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Poore, Mr. Bayntun, and Mr. GWynne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colond Stanwix presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County: And che same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing; and giving further Powers, to the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the ocher of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in che County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge in Ware, in che County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge, to the South End of the Great Bridge at Wades Mill, and from the great Road at Cheshunt, to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hale, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Cust, Mr. Ellis, Sir Francis Drake* Mr. Thornhagb, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr Gray, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Potter, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Page, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lane, Mr. Neale, Mr. Barrow, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bold, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Poore, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Palmer, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Colonel Bofcawen, Lord Geo. Beauclerk, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Pbiftlethwayte, Mr. Affleck, Sir Robert Burdett, Nix.Curzon, Mr. Townshend, Colonel Lee, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Vane, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Hunter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middelfex, Essex, and Cambridge: And they ar£ to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of York, to Farm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield, 5n the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of the before-men-

A. 1753s

tioned Ad; and setting forth, that che Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have made a considerable. Progress in repairing the said Road; and that several Sums of Money, to the Amount of Six thousand Pounds, have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which are now due; and that the Tolls granted by the said Act do not raise a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the Interest of the said Money borrowed, and to amend, and keep in Repair, the said Road; but the same is still, in many Parts thereof, in a ruinous Condition; and it will be impossible to complete the Repair of the said Road, or to keep the same in Repair, and pay the Money as aforesaid, unless thq Term and Duties by the said Act granted be further prolonged, enlarged, and augmented, and the said Act be made more effectual: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the said Act, and for augmenting the Tolls of the said Road, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Vane, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Bowes, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gray, Mr. Neale, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Page, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Colleton, Colonel Vane, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr, Hayx Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Colonel Corn-wallisi Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cayley, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Charlton, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. West,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bold, Mr. Ord, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Torke, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Salufbury, Mr.

Northey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And haye Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, Hackney a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Road. Ad made in the Eleventh Year of his- present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hid, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are fob- Wwttfl* feribed, principal Inhabitants of, and Paymasters to, the Poofs Ka Poor's Rates, in the several Parishes of the City of Worcester, on the behalf of themselves, and many others, Inhabitants and Paymasters of the said. City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth the Method which has prevailed, for Time immemorial, until very lately, for the Making of the Poor's Rates within the said City; and complaining, that oflate Years the Churchwardens and Over-seers of the Poor (the latter of whom are appointed by the Corporationjustices of the said City)have taken upon them.-fclvesan absolute Power, exclusive of the other Inhabitants, to make Assessments to the Poor’s Rates, in such Manner and Proportion as they pleased, unequally charging some, and wholly omitting others, who ought to have been assessed; and that the said Corporation Justices appoint such Overseers to serve their own private Ends; and that the Right of Appeal to the Court of Quarter Sessions, given by the Statute of the 43d of Elizabeth, and a fublequenc Statute is of no Avail to the Petitioners, since that Court consists of the same Justices who appoint the Overseers, and therefore seldom or never relieves any that are overrated by the Overseersand that the Petitioners labour under thegreateft Injustice and Opprefiion, from the Justices and their Overseer* thus acting in Concert together;

and

Barbttt’s, Ire. Nat.

Sloane&n

polltaioni.

16 Geo. II.

6° Martii.

HI

.and cannot be relieved by any Law now in being; and setting forth, that, by virtue of an Act of the ad and 3d of Queen Anne, for crefting a Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on work there, a Workhouse was established in the said City; and that by the said Act, and another Statute of the Third of his present Majesty, Guardians of the Poor were appointed and directed to be chosen in the manner therein mentioned; and that, after the making of the first-mentioned Act, the Poor of the said City were for Jbme time taken care of, and employed, in the said WTorkhouse; but the Design proving abortive, the Corporation, under Pretence of being the Donors of the Ground, on which the said Workhouse was built, usurped the Poffdfion and Property of the fame, and converted the same into a Hop-market and Warehouses for Hops, whereby they, for many Years, made great Gain and Advantage of the said Workhouse to themselves, in Prejudice of the ocher Inhabitants of the said City, for whose Use the said Workhouse was at first crested, at an Expence of Two thousand Pounds, and upwards, which was raised upon them lei ves, and by charitable Benefaft ions; and that afterwards Disputes arising between the Corporation*, and the Citizens, touching the Right to the Hop-jnarket, they came to an Agreement, which was confirmed by an Act of the Fourth of his present Majesty; whereby the said Hop-market was vested in the Guardians, for the use of the Poor, for ever, Sixty Pounds a Year being charged thereon, payable to the Corporation, who were likewise so have the Nomination and Appointment of a Hop-Wcighcr; but that the Corporation having again formed a Scheme to possess themselves of the Workhouse and Hop-market, and deprive the Inhabitants of the Benefit thereof, as they have great Reason to apprehend, have lately, by means of the Ovtrfeers, appointed by their Corporation Justices as aforesaid, omitted to assess several Inhabitants in several Parishes of the City, who ought to have been assessed purely ro disqualify them from voting in the Election of Guardians, and have assessed others far the contrary Purpose, who were improper to be assessed, and by themselves and Agents have intimidated several Inn-keepers and Publicans, Inhabitants in several of the said Parishes, from voting in the Election of Guardians, by threatening to take their Licences from them, in cale they voted for such Guardians, as the Corporation disapproved of; and others of the said Inn-keepers and Publicans they have, by like* Threats, obliged to vote for Guardians, whose Interest was espoused by the said Corporation, and have used and practised other undue Influence with others of the said Inhabitants; and have utterly subverted all Freedom of Election of the said Guardians; and have, in many other Instances, grossly abused and misused their Power in the Execution of the Civil Government of the said City; and alleging, that the said recited Acts are ineffectual to remedy the Grievances complained of by the Petitioners, in respect to the Election of Guardians as aforesaid, because no Provision is made in any of them against undue Influence, or other Corruption, in such Elections; nor are the Petitioners, as they arc advised, otherwise relievable by Law: And therefore praying. That such Regulation may be made, in respect to the assessing and levying the Poor’s Rates of the several Parishes within the said City, and in the Election of Guardians of the Poor, for theleveral Parishes thereof'; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief, as to the House shall seem most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir PiUr fbompfim presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing of John David Bor butt* and Fortmatus Pianta: And the fcoec wab received; and read the First time.

Refdvtd> That the Bill be read a; Second ckmr.

APedcion and Representation of the Trustees appointed by Sir Hans Sioane Baronet, deceased, being offered to be presented to the House,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer* by his Majesty's CanMnand, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having

yph »6.

been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition Was broughtup, and read; setting forth, That Sir Hans Sioane, by certain Codicils <Copies of which are annexed to the Petition) gives all hisCollection of Books and Curiofuies in his Manor House at Chelsea> to Trustees, and their Successors or Assigns, for ever, *to the Intent, that, in case the full and clear Sum of 2c,os*©

Pounds shall be paid by his Majesty, or the Parliament, to his Executors, in Consideration of the find Coileftioti; and, in case Efficient Powers shall be obtained, for vefting the fame, and the Manor House at Chelsea, together with a certain Water-work in the Trustees fot the publick Benefit, and also a sufficient Fund be provided for main*, taining, and taking care of, the said Collection, and for supporting the said Manor House and Water-work; then the saidColteftion, Manor House, and Water-work,should be vested in the said Trustees, and their Successors or Assigns, for fever, in order that the Collection might be preserved intire in the said Manor House, for the publick Benefit, to be seen by all Persons, under proper Rules and Orders, for satisfying the Dtfires of the Curious, and for the Improvement of Knowledge; and submitting, in pursuance of the Testator's Directions, the Matters aforesaid to the Consideration of the House.

And the Copies of the said Codicils annexed to the said Petition were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition, and Copies of the said Codicils, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition, and Copies of the said Cddicils.

A Petition of Vtner Small Esquire, Lord Farmer of the Bothenip Manor of Eafllech Martin, otherwise Bother up, in the Inclosiu*. County of Gloucester, William Dowdeswell Esquire, William Ajfiin Clerk, Reftor of the Parish Church of Eafilecb Martin, otherwise Botbernp aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto set and iub-feribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying in the said Manor and Parish of EajUeth Martin, otherwise Botberup aforesaid, being offered to be presented to the House,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's-Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; felting forth, That the Lands within the Manor and Parish afore- s said consist of the Demelhe Lands of the said Manor, held by the said Vtner Small, as Lord Farmer and Lessee of the Dean and Chapter of Gloucester, and of Fifty-three Yards Land and a Quarter, or thereabouts, all or by much the greatest Part whereof are held by the Petitioners, as Freeholders and Copyholders within the said Manor and Parish; and that most of the said Fifty-three Yards Land and a Quarter Reopen, uninclosed, intermixed, and dispersed, in divers Places, in large and extensive Fields and Tracts of Commonable Land, Meadow, Failure, and Down; and cannot be cultivated and manured without great Trouble and Expence, and produce but a small Income to the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, and rn their present Situation and Circumstances are incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to inclose and divide all the said Lands and Grounds, and to make several Exchanges of their several Lands and Properties; and that all the CIoles, Landsi and Commons, lb intended to be inclosed and divided, have been duly surveyed, valued, and estimated and described, and afeer-taroed; and that the several Freeholders and Land-owners in die said Manor and Parish have proposed to make, and the said William AJphn hath agreed to accept, a Recompence for the Glebe Lands and Tythes belonging to the

Goos;

said Rectory; jmd that all Tythes belonging to the said Rectory and Church of Eafilecb Martin, other wrfe Bti-. therup aforesaid, shall ceaie and be excinguished 5 but that although such Inclosure, Exchange, Division, and Allotment, be for the mutual Benefit of all Parties inrerefted in the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and commonable Places; yet the same cannot be effected, withour the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, forexchanging, ^dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the said Lands, Common Grounds, Pastures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in trre said Manor and Parish of Eastlech Martin, otherwise Bo-thertip aforesaid, and for making such Recompence and Compenfacion to the said Rector, in lieu of his Tythes and Glebe Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

OrderedThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Codrington, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Iplwich, Ordered, That Mr. Felton Harvey, Sir Richard Lloyd,

&t. lloads. anc| ^jr. Kent, be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the One of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called The Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk, and the other of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lantborne Green, and for repairing the . Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Codderiham Beacon, in the said County.

The Order of the Day being read;

Performance The House resolved itself into a Committee of the efQuaran- whole House, to consider further of the Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they shad made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

Leathley A Petition of Henry Hitch of Leatbley, in the County Jndofiire. of York, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Leatbley aforesaid,

John Griffith Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Leatbley, Henry Moyfes of Leatbley aforesaid, Gentleman, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Township of Leatbley aforesaid.

And the said Petition was read; reciting an Agreement mentioned in an Indenture, bearing Date the 13th Day of February 1748, made between the Petitioner Henry Hitch, Lord of the Manor of Leatbley aforesaid, of the One Part, and the Petitioners John Griffith and Henry Moyfes, and divers other Persons, therein named, being Freeholders within the said Manor, of the other Part, for inclosing and dividing Part of the Common or Trad of Land, called Leatbley Common, lying within the Manor of Leatbley aforesaid, in such Manner, and upon such Con-ir

ditions, as is therein mentioned; and alleging, that the carrying into Execution of the Covenants, Conditions, afttl Agreements, mentioned in the said Indenture, would be a manifest Advantage of all the Freeholders, Owners, an! Proprietors, of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Martor of Leatbley aforesaid. itnd tend to this Improvement of their several Interests and Properties in the same Manor; but that the same cannot be established, and rendered effectual, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may begiveh to bring in a. Bill, for confirming the said Agreement apd Indenture, and fot* rendering the same effectual for thfe Purposes thereby intended, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table. r

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Doncaftw the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Roads. Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York} as^also of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Weather by, and frotn thence to Eoroughbridge, in the said County; whoffe Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That thfc Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Plactf, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tpble.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson have Leave to make a Motion. 4

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Commissioners or Governors of the Greenwich Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County Hospiui. of Kent.

And the said Petition was read; reciting Part of an Act made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, whereby the Petitioners were required to contract and agree for finilhingand completing the said Hospital; and also reciting Parc of another Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, whereby the Petitioners were impowered to purcl&fe Two certain Parcels of Land, in the said Act mentioned and described, in order to finish the said Hospital, and also to purchase any other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which Ihouldbe thought necessary for that Purpose; and letting forth. That there are no such coercive Powers in the said Act, with respect to the last mentioned Premises, as there are with respect to the first-mentioned Premises, and that a certain House and Piece of Ground thereunto belonging, and commonly called or known by the Name of Stanley's House and Yard, is necessary to be purchased, in order to enable the Petitioners to finish and complete the said Hospital: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the last above-mentioned Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.*

Ordered, That Sir Bourchier Wrey have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of the Owners of Houses and Lands within Aldersgate the Parish of Saint Botclpb without Aldersgate, London, and Church, the Minister,* Churchwardens, and otherTnhabitams, of the said Parish. r

And the said Petition was read; setting fforth, That the Church and Steeple of the said Parish artery ancient

; Mfabricks,

-v . *

Geo. II. 6b — 70 Martii. 649

Fabricks, and are very much out of Repair, and must necdfarily be repaired; and that the Owners of Houses and Lands, having been informed of the State.and Condition of the Parishioners, are induced to cor.sent that a Sum be raiftd on their several Estates for that Purpose i And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners, at their joint Expence, to repair the said Church and Steeple, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

Gloucester A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, Road. and of the Town of Cheltenham, and of several Parishes and Places in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That at a Place on the Hill, called Puijdown's Hfh, in the Parish of Comptdn, in the County of Gloucester, is a Road leading from thence, through the Parish of Whittington, to the Top of a Hill called Northfield Hill, and from thence to Cheltenham, and so on from thence to the usual and common Road from Cheltenham to Gloucester; bur that the greatest Parc of the said Road, from Puifdowns Ajb to Gloucester, is so very deep and founderous, that loaded Carriages cannot pais through the fame, in the Winter Season, nor even in the Summer, except the Season be very dry; nor can the same be sufficiently repaired by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road from a certain Place called the Fleece at Woottcn, near the said City of Gloucester, to and through the Town of Cheltenham aforesaid (the Inhabitants of the said Town of Cheltenham nevertheless keeping the Road through the said Town in Repair), and so on from the said Town, up and through ccr:ain Roads or Lanes, called Harp Lane, and Roadway Lane, to the Top of the said l lill called Northfield Hill, in the first Place; and afterward from thence to Puijdowiis /Jh aforesaid, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir Bourchier Wrey have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented

to the House,

Exeter A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Roads. Leaseholders of the County of Devon, living to the West-ward of the City of Exon.

And the said Petition was read; taking Notice, That a Bill is brought in for amending the icveral Roads round the City of Exeter; and that, as the Petitioners are informed, there is, by the said Bill, intended to be laid a Toll of One Penny for every Horse passing through the said Roads, to the City of Exeter; and representing to the House. that many Thbufand Acres of Land in the said Neighbourhood produce nothing but Furze, the real Value of which, (landing in the Ground, does not exceed Two Pence the Horse Load, and the Grounds themselves

are not capable of farther Improvement; and that the principal, or rather only Market which the Petitioners have

to dispose of the fame, is the City of Exeter; and that the Petitioners are informed, that Bricks, Drt(Ting for Grounds,

and several other Things, which must pals on the said

Roads, and arc of Ten times the Value of the said Furze, are, by the said Bill, intended to be allowed to pass Toll-free: And therefore praying, That Furze also may be

' allowed to pass Toll-free; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the Floufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

VOL. 26.

A Petition of several Gentlemen* and other Persons, WHte Shed whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and Hi h usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Roads‘ first Cross-ways, beyond the House called the Drum, in the great Poll Road from Sherborne, in the County of Dorftt, to Teovill, in the County of Somerset, down and through a Lane, called Twinway Lane, into and across a Road, called Bradford Road, and from thence into and through another Lane, called Horse Castle Lane, to a Bridge, called West Bridge, in Sherborne aforesaid; and from thence to and through the Parish of Long Burton, and so strait on to the Bottom of an Hill, called Revells Hill, in the great Road from Sherborne to Dotchester, in the said County of Dorset; and likewise another Road leading from the new built House of Samuel Wife, on the North Side of Sherborne aforesaid, to the Index or Directing Poll on Milborne Cow Down, in the Couqty of Somerset-, and from thence to another Index or Directing Poll* in the Brewton Road, on Cattell Hill, in the Parish of Hatfpen; and from thence to a Place, called Ansford Inny in the same County, being the great Road from Sherborne to the Cities of Bristol and Bath\ and also another Road leading from the Angel Inn, in the Town of Shaflon, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the said County of Dorset, to the Black-smith’s Shop in the same Town (lace in the Occupation of one Charles Freeke) and from thence to and through the Parish or Town of Gillingham, in the same County; and from thence to the Index or Directing Post, at the Foot of Saltern Hill, in the Parish of Ptnjelwood, iji the said County of Somerset, and in the great Road to the Towns of Wincaunton and Brewton, in the same County; and also another Road leading from the House-called the New Inn, in the Parish of Cann, in the said County of Dorset, to the Top of Meibury and To/lard-white Street.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the said Roads are, in the Winter Season, very ruinous, so thac Travellers cannot pass in Safety.; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, unless some Provision be made by Parliament for railing Money for that Purpose; and therefore, in regard the Roads aforesaid join to the Road intended to be repaired, by a Bill now depending in the House for repairing, and widening the Road leading from the Top of a Hill called White Sheet Hill, in the great Western Post Road, in the Parish 0\KDonbeai St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the- Towns of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, . Milborne Porte, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset; and from thence to*a House called or known by the Name of the Halfway House, situate in the Parish of Netfoer, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset; praying.

That some Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Roads aforesaid; or that they may have such ocher Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Mercuriiy. 70 die Martii;

Anno 2,6° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1753*

PR AY ERS.

SIR Charles Kemys Tynte, reported from the Commit- Fivehead,*^ tee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Roads. Freeholders, Landholders, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Langport, Somerton, and Places adjacent, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: \\here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, \

- 8 C Mr.

650

7* Marlii.

J. 1753.

Mr. Thomas 'Harris /aid. That he knows the federal Roads mentioned in the Petition; that they are fd Very bad and narrow that they are dangerous for Travellers.

Mr. Hughes confirmed Mr. Harris's Evidence; and added, Th^t the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from the Red Toft in the Parish of Fivebead, where the Taunton Turnpike ends, through the Parish of CUrry Rivell, the Towns of Lang fort and Somerton, to But we I, near the Bottom of Almsford Hill; and also from the Bell Inn, in Curry Rivell afore Paid, to Puckington Lane; and from Ca^ Bridge, in the Parish of Somerton, to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Mr. Prowse, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

Portsea Mr. Thistleibaivyte reported from the Committee, t6

Chapel* wlioth the Petition erf William Robinson, Henry Friend, Thomas Gill, RUbard Poate, and William Maine, all of Porifea, for and in behalf of themselves, and ocher Contributors for the erecting a Chapel in the Parish of Portsea, in the 'County of Southampton was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. George Staniforth, said. That the said Parish is large, and extremely populous, and that the Inhabitants tiave of lace greatly increased, insomuch that the Parish Chtirch is not capable of containing one-third Parc of them, which prevents many Persons attending Divine Service.

Mr. Rithard Cole said, That the Inhabitants had agreed to ere£ a Chapel at their own Expence.

And it appeared toydur Committee, byTwo Indentures dated the 25th and the 26th of August 1752, That the Mayor and Burgesses of Portsmouth had granted and conveyed a Piece of Ground, to certain Persons, for that Purpose; and also another Piece of Ground for inclosing the intended Chapel.

And the Reverend Doctor Barton9 Reftor of the Parish Church aforesaid, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Starii-forth and Mr. Cole; and said. He was desirous such Chapel should be erc&ed.

Ordercdy That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Chapel on the Common in the Parish 0 f Portsea, in the County of Southampton; and for vetting Power in certain Trustees for the Regulation thereof: And that Mr. Thifilethvbayte, Mr. Poore, and Mr. Willidni Lyttelton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Banbury A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and

Road. other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; fecting forth, That the Road leading from the said Borough towards Stratford-upon-Avon, in the County of Warwick, which passes through the Village of Drayton, through Roxton Lane, in the said County, unto a House known by the Name of the Sun rising, upon Edge Hill, in the said County of Warwick, is, in many Parts become so deep and founderous, that, for several Months in the Year, the same is very dangerous for Horsemen, and almost impaffable for Carriages, and, in some Places so narrow, that ‘ Carriages cannot pass each other without great Inconvenience and Danger; and that the said Road cannot be sufficiently widened and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting one or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying a Toll

at the fame; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be amended and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edward Willes, Mr. Salufhury,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Thifiltthwayte, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. 'Prowse, Mr. Torke* Mr. Berkeley, Mr. SeH wyn, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Gray. Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Hay, Sir James Daft)wood,

Mr. Drake, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gore,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Willes, Mr. Chester, Mr. Neale,

Mr John Barrington, Sir John Cust, Mr. Page, Mr. Fcl-lowes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Popham, Mr. Barry, Mr. West,

Mr. Potter, Lord Inchiquin, Mr. Cocks, Lord Carysfort,

Mn Martin, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Be’chier, Mr. Gwynn; and all the Members who serve for the'Counties of Oxford, Warwick, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Gentlemen, and vWiite Sheet other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Hill, &c. living near, and usually travelling through, the Road lead- Rowing from the first Cross-ways, beyond the House called the Drum, in the great Pott Road from Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, to Teovill, in the County of Somefet, down and through a Lane, called Twinway Lane, into and across a Road, called Bradford Road; and from thence into and through another Lane, called Horse Caflc Lane, to a Bridge, called Wcfl Bridge, in Sherborne aforesaid; and from chence to and through the Parish of Long Burton, and so (trait on to the Bottom of an Hill, called Rev ells Hi/I, in the great Road from Sherborne to Dor* chester, in the said County of Dorfel; and likewise another Road leading from the new builc House of Samuel Wife, on the North Side of Sherborne aforesaid, to the Index or Directing Pott on Milbo.ne Cow Down, in the County of Somerset; and from thence to another Index or Directing Pott, in the Brewton Road, on Cat tell Hill, in the Parish of Hatfpen; and from thence to a Place called Ansford Inn in the same County, being the great Road from Sherborne to the Cities of Bristol and Bath; and also another Road leading from thz Angel Inn in the Town of Shafion, other wise Shaftesbury, in the said County of Dorset, to the Blacksmith’s Shop in t he said To wn (late in the Occupation of one Charles Freeke); and from thence to and through the Parish or Town of Gillingham, in the same County j and from thence to the Index or Directing Pott at the Foot of Saltern Hill in the Parish of Penfelwood, in the said County of Somerset, and in the great Road to the Towns of Wineaunton and Brewton, in xhe same County; and also another Road leading from the House called the New Inn in the Parish of Conn, in the said County of Zbr-set, to the Top of Melbury and Tollard White Sheet (which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the T able), be referred to the Confide ration of a Committee: And that rhey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Char/es Kemys Tynte, Lord Digby, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Tonga, Mr. Lee, Mr. Gwynn,

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Bod* ville, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr.

Poore, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Sandys, M*. Robinson, Mr. Medlycott, iVIr.

Gore, Sir // illiam Calvert, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Downe, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Kent,

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Hume, Mr.

Tracey, Mr. Lockyer, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Chclmondeley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Thornton. Sir Whistler Webjler, Colonel Acourt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet x 2 this

16 Geo. IL 70 Martiu 651

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Levant A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manu-Trade’ facturers, of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read \ alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the Trade to ’Turkey was laid open to ail his Majesty’s Subjects, the Exports to the Levant would be greatly increased: And therefore praying, That a Bill may pass, to lay open the Trade to Turkey to all his Majesty s Subjects.

Ditto. A Petition of the Bailiff, Burghers, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Cockermouth, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the excJufive Grant, which the Turkey Company enjoys, is extremely detrimental to the Woollen Manufacturers of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in, for laying the Trade to Turkey open to all his Majesty’s Subjects.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Borford A Petition of the Genrlemcn, Clergy, Freeholders, Road. Landholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Towns of Bttrford, in the County of Oxford, and Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read setting forth. That the Road leading from a certain Place called The Hand and Pojt, in Upton Held, in the Parish of Buford\ in the said County of Oxford, through the Parish of If eft well, in the same County, and soon irom thence through and over several common Fields and Downs, lying in the several Parishes of Little Barrington, Hindrujb, and A'.djworth, in the County of GiOUCcftery to and through the P.irish of Bi bury, in the same County, by a certain House or Inn there, commonly called The Swan, and f > on from thence through the Parishes of Arlington, Bamfley, and Ampr.ey Cruets, in the same County, into the common Road lead ing from the Town of LetMade, to the Town of Chen-cester, in the said County of Gioucejlery at a Place in the Parish of Ptefton, in the same County, commonly called Danceys Fancy, fur many Years pad hath been, and now is, so very deep and founderous, as not only for Carriages, but even for Travellers on K< rfeback, in many Places in the W inter Season, to be almcft impassable 5 ar d that the Road aforesaid cannot be put, and kept, in fut-ficient Repair, by the ordinary Methods piescribed by Law: And therefore praying, Thot Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fur repairing and widening the said Road, in fitch Manner as to the House shall Iccm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be re (erred to the Consideration of; ‘Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. BerkeleyftMr. Saunders, Mr. Prowse, Lord Barrington, Mr. Montagu, Lord Digby, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. lyfter, Mr. Bcdvil/e, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Poore, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Sydenham. Mr. Chefer, >.\r Charles Tynte, JVlr. Hume, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fe/towes, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Lord Ca>ysfort, Mr. Not they, Mr. V/ iiktnfm, Mr. Popbatn, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Robert Burdelt, Sir Brands Poole, hir John Cust, Mr. West, Lord Hills borough, Mr. Talbot, Colonel Wa/degrave, Mr. Thistletbvcayte, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Kyrtaffin, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kent, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Bcbinjon, Mr. Widey, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Richards, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Nathanael Curzon, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerjit, Berks, Oxford, and Wcr cester: And they are to mett this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hillmoftoa A Petition of the Ix>rd of the Manor of Hillmorton9 iudofure. {n the County of Warwick, and of the Vicar and lncum-VOL. 26.

bent of the Parish Church there, and of the Freeholders,

Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, in the open and common Fields of Hillmorton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; alleging That it would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the said open and common Fields, if the same were inclosed, and divided into just Allotments and Proportions, to and for the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing, and dividing, the said open and common Fields of Hillmorton aforesaid, according to every Person's R ight in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Peril ion: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyster, and Mr.

Craven, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Liverpoole, Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Roads. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpoole to Prefect, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster*, and also for repairing the Road from Prefect, through Whifton, Rainbill,

Bold, and Sankey, to the Town of Warrington; and also the Road from St. Helen to Ashton, in the said County Palatine; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sa+ lusburyf Mr. Prowse, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Yonge, Mr. fVitidnfon, Colonel Leighton, Mr.

Barlow, Sir Robert Burden, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Bodvilk, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Bayn-tun% Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Neale, Mr. War bur ton, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Colonel Cornwallis,

Mr. Talbot, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wrighte,

Mr. Gildart, Mt. Kynaston, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilson\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Burdett reported from the Committee, to de fa w hom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, ZouchRoad, and others, residing in and near the Towns of Ashby de la Zcuch, in the County of I eicester, Burton upon Trent and Tutbu'y, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto liibscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Hemy Partridge and Mr. Abraham Hojkins were examined; and said, That the Road leading from Ashbj de la Zouchxo Tut bury.\$ in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places almost rmpaflable, and in many Parts very narrow; and the'laid Road cannot be efte&ually amended and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be -given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Ashby dela Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Sign of the Cock in Tutbury, in the said County: And that Sir Robert Burdett, and Sir Nathanael Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Notice being taken, That a Mistake had been com- OundleRoad. mitted in the Qrc*er made upon the 27th Day of February lift. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Our die, in the County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum tb eft on, in the County of Huntingdon, from the Mill Brook at I same ton, in the laid

County

6 c D 7° MartU. 1753.

County of Huntingdon, to Bhrnwell Gale; In the said County of Northampton, and from the Mill Brook aforesaid to Wood Laney and in the Parish of Gidding, in the County of Huntingdon;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Trustees for the North Division of the Royfton Road, leading from the White Post on Alconbury Hill to Wandsford Bridge, in Huntingdonshire-, and also of the Gentlemen, Trustees for the Road leading from Market Har-borough, in Leicestershire, to Brampton Pound, near Hun-tmgdom and of the Gentlemen, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Oundle and Barnwell, in the County of Northampton, and of Thurning, Win wick. Hammer ton, Ccppingforth, Upton, Alconbury cum Weston, Buckworth, and others, in the County of Huntingdon; and also of the Gentlemen of the said Counties living near, or adjoining to, the said Parishes, whose Names are thereunto subscribedj which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of February last; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Report which, upon the said 27th Day of February last, was made Irom the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order, made upon the 27th Day of February last, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading fiom Oundle, in the Counry of Northampton, to Alconbury cum JVefion, in the County of Huntingdon, from Barnwell, in the said County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston aforesaid, and from The Mile Brook at Hamerton to Wood Lane End, next the Parish of Great Gidding, in the said County of Huntingdon: And that the Lord Carysfort, and Mr. Fellowcs, do prepare, #and bring in, the fame.

Stourbridge, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

tec.Roads, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening (amongst other Roads), the Road leading from Blakedown Poole, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Hales Owen, to The Crcfs of the Hands near to He lit-way Head, in the Parish of Birmingham; and reprefeniing to the House, That the ueareft Way fresh a Place upon the said Road preposed to be mended, called The Fiveways, within the Parish of Birmingham, unto the Middle and by much the greater Part of the said Town, is through a Lane leading from the said Five ways, unto The Cross of the Hands, near Birmingham, upon the Road leading from thence to Oldbury, which said Lane is no more than i, 160 Yards long, and is so narrow as not to admit of Two Carriages passing by each other, or even in many Parts of it, of a Horse passing by a Carriage: And praying, That the said Road may be repaired and widened, not only unto The Cross of the Hands near Holloway Head, as proposed by the Petition for the said Bill; but that they may be also repaired and widened from the said Fiveways, unto The Cross of the Hands upon the said Road, between Birmingham and Oldbury, and from thence to New Street in Biimingham; and further praying, That no Toll Gate may be fixed upon the said Roads, nearer to the Town of Birmingham than Three Miles; and that some of the Gentlemen and Inhabitants, in and near the said Town, may be named Commissioners in the said intended Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A1 id it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pop-him, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. 2uornion, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Cor del Fi rebrace, Mr. Sydenham Mr. Hunter, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Barrington, Lord:

Carysfort, Mr. Lewis, Sir Robert Burdetp, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Neale, Mr. Lowndes, Mr Gray, Mr. Hotlyn,

Mr. Saunders, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Caley, M x. Talbot, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bankes,

Mr. Saunders, Mr. War burton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cufi, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Putter, Mr. Martin, Nit. Wilkinson, Mr.

Townshend, Lord Verney, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Poore, Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Phillipson, Mr.

Gildart, Mr. Williams, Mr. Kent, Mr. Ridley, Sir Henry Erskine, Colonel Stanwix; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Stafford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tythes of for settling a yearly Rent on the Rector of PuJ'ey, in the County of Berks, and his Successors, in lieu of his Tythes Rc ory‘ and Part of his Glebe, and vesting the said Tythes and Glebe in John Allen Pusey Esquire, and his Heirs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Talbot, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Robe it Grcfvcnor, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. War bur ton, Mr.

Fell owes, M r. Gray, Mr. Poore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Tracey, Mr. Sand s, Mr. Chetwuid, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Ridley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, M. Town-fhend. Colonel Leighton, Mr. Williams, Alderman Beckford, Mr. Popham, Mr. Thijlletbwayte, Mr. Neale, Mr.

Char I ten, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Delme, Mr. Wil!esy Mr. Bey tie, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Moraaunt,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Curzon, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Lowndes%

Mr. Kent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Commissioners Livingstoun of Supply, and Herctors, of the Counties of Lanerk and &c* Linlithgow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High- Road from Edinburgh to Glasgow, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Lanerk, leading from the East of Livingstoun, to Polkcmmet, in the County of Linlithgow, and from thence by the Shotthills,

Kirk of Shotts, and Muiricball, in the Parish of Shotts, and from thence, by Hollowtoun and Beffetill, in the Parish of Bothwell, and from thence, by Boghall and Towcross, to the City of Glasgow; as also another Branch of the same Road, leading from Muiricball, by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven, all in the County of Lanerk; are in many Parts become impafifable in Winter for Wheel Carriages and Horses, and very dangerous for Travellers, and several Bridges upon the said Koads are in a ruinous Condition; attd as the same cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be effectuaily repaired and enlarged, and, from time to time, kept in good Repair: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads and Bridges, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. lyfier. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Torhe, Mr. Ridley, Sic , Francis Poole, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Charlton, v

Mr.

26 Geo. II. 70 Martiu 653

Mr. Hoilyn, Mr. Whitwell, Mr. G4/&/7, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Belchier, Mr. V/ilkinfon, Mr. Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Gr^v, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cocks, Lord JDig£y, Mr. Bertie, Sir ffcftry Erskine, Mr. Bedford, Colonel Holmes

Mr. Aijlabie, Sir /fW/er Blacked Mr. Afoik, Mr. naston, Mr. 7°^* Torke, Mr. Phillipson, Lord Vcrney, Lord Strange, Mr. Williams; and all the Members who serve for the iVor/i Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Schweig* Mr. FeUowes reported from the Committee, to whom kaafer*s,&c. the Bill to naturalize John James Schweigbaufer and David Girard was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trues and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

ting’s Bench A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of

M®*- the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surry, was presented to thb House, and read; taking Notice, That Application hath'been made to the House, for the Rebuilding of the Kings Bench Prison, which is situated within the said Parish} and alleging. That the said Parish is charged with tiv* larged Quota to the Land Tax of any Parish in the Borough, on account of the Situation thereof, a large annual Sum being assessed and raised on the said Prison for Land Tax, and other parochial Taxes; and that, if any Alteration should be made in the said Prison, to exempt it from such Taxes, the said Parish will be very unable to make up the Deficiency; and representing to the House, That, as the greated Part of the said Parish is within the Liberties of the Rules of the King's Bench, many Persons, in reduced Circumstances, who become Prisoners, and obtain the Liberties of the said Rules, take Houses of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds, or upwards j but, by reason of their Poverty and Imprisonment, never serve any parochial Offices, and pay but very small (if any) Taxes therein; notwithstanding which, they and their Families frequently become chargeable to the said Parish, by virtue of having rented Houses of such Value: And therefore praying. That such Means may be taken to prevent any Loss arising to the said Parish, on account of any Alteration that may be made to the said Prison, as shall be thought most proper; and that such Persons who become Prisoners, or their Families, may not gain a Settlement, or enjoy the Rights and Privileges as Parishioners and Inhabitants, during such time as they remain Prisoners on the Books,although they do inhabit in the said Parish; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wcester, An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the fnc. Road. ‘ Borough of Leicester, in the County of Ldcefier, to the Town of Afbby de la Zouch, in the said County, was read the- Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Lctcester, to the Town of Ashbj de la Zouch, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. IVright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Flimwell Sir Whifiler Web Her presented to the House, according VtoiRoid. to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from. Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticeburfi, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hdflings, in the said County: And the same was received , and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Vol. 26.

House, an Account 6f what Quantity of Oil, Cotton, Oil, kc. Goats-wool, Drugs, and Carpets, have been imported imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 1752.; *iomrurkey. distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this P‘d*

House, an Account of what Quantities of Oil, Cotton, Tel-Goats-wool; Drugs, and Carpets, have been imported hom. g from Leghorn, from Christmas 1.743 co Christmas 1752 $ distinguishing each Yfcaf.

A Petition of Philip flow, on behalf of himself, and Wha!« the rest of the Owners of the Two Ships, the Argyle and Campletown, w*s presented to the House, and read; reciting several Provisions in Two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the 6th, and the other in the 22d Yeats of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects j and setting forth. That the Petitioners employed Captain George Walker, one of the Owners, i6 fit out the said Two Ships; and they were duly furnifoect and qualified for the Voyage, and had on board a sufficient Quantity of Fishing Tackle, a proper Number of Boats, Harpooners, Stores, Men, and Line Managers, necessary for a Greenland Voyage, as appeared by the Certificate and Survey of the proper Officers; and that the said George Walker, not being acquainted with every Re-quisite which the said Acts of Parliament required, did omit fending the Masterof the Ship Argyle to make Oath whither (he was bound, or to give Security, that such Ship would faithfully perform such Voyage; and in regard to the Ship Campletown, which was fitted out at Bristol, the said George Walker made Oath, that the Ship, with her Cargo, intended to return to the Port of Campletown, in Scotland, and the Mailer of the said Ship fworc, their Intention was to return to London; and, by reason of such Variation in the Oaths, no Licence was granted to the said Ship Campletown\ and that both the said Ships proceeded on their Voyages, and returned to the Port of Campletown with Three Whales; and the Petitioners obtained the Affidavit of the Mailers and Mates of the said Ships, that they had duly performed their Voyages; but that, although the Petitioners have complied with all the essential Re-quifites, of the Law, yet, for the Omission of the said Walker to make Affidavit and give Bonds as aforesaid, they have not been able to obtain from his Majesty’s Commissioners of the Customs, the proper Certificate for obtaining the Bounty, granted by the said Acts to the Owners of such Ships as should be employed in the said Fishery:

And therefore prayiifg the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and impower the Lords ChmmilBoners of his Majesty’s Treasury, to order the pro^r Certificate to be made out to the Petitioners for td obtaim such Bounty, if they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Hermiker, Henry Bird the Elder, HemiikaA Henry Bird the Younger, and Conrad Lang, of London, Merchants, was presented to the House, and read j taking Notice of the Bounty granted by the Acts of the 6th and 2 2d Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery; and setting forth, That the Petitioners did, the last Season, fit out, at a very great Expence, Four Ships, as therein mentioned, for a Voyage to fish in the Greenland Seas, which were manned and equipped in every Respect as directed by the Acts, and failed dirtftly to, and arrived at, Greenland; but that one of the said Ships, called The Resolution, before Ihe had an Opportunity omking any Whale, was, by Stress of Weather, totally loft, and the Ship’s Crew put in the utmost Peril of their Lives 5 and that the said Three other Ships caught, in the Greenland Seas, Eight Wales, with which the Mailers of the said Ships were about to return to* the Port of London, but were unfortunately loft, and the Crew of the said Ships, with much Difficulty, saved their Liv$s; and expressing the Hope of the Petitionees,

That, if their same should not be within the exprefr

8 D Lcter,

.6.54 7 \ Martti.A. 175}.

Letter, yet it w ill appear to be within tire Intention of the said Acts, which were made to encourage the -freeing out Ships for the said Fishery: And therefore praying the House to take the unhappy same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief* and in such manner, as to the House shal] seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

Re/blved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the said Petition.

Wefaninster Petition of the CommifTjoners for building West-

B ridge. minster Bridge, being offered tq be presented to the

House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration.of the Hoitfc, to do therein as they shall think fit. t r

Then the said Petition was brought up, and^ead; reciting some Provisions in several Acts of Parliament, made in the Reign of his present Majesty, for buHding>a Bridge cross the River Thames,.fcom the City {ofWestminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry; and setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with the utmost Care, caused the said Bridge to be built, and made passable, and have likewise made great P ing refs towards executing the other Trusts reposed in them by the said Acts; but that the Petitioners cannot make an effectual and constant Provision for maintaining, cleaning, watching, lighting, paving, and gravelling the said Bridge; and for preserving the same from Annoyances, and other Damages; nor can completely execute several of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Acts, relating to Purchases; unless the House shall be pleased to grant the Petitioners further Sums of Money for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such further Sums of Money, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of: the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mallors* new "A Petition of James Mallors, of* the Parish of Saint Street, in James, within the Liberty of Westtpirjfter, Builder, was Westminster. presented to the House, and read; setting for,thy That the Ways, Streets, and Pafifages, leading, froip the West and South West Parts of the Parish.es of St. Margaret* , and>57. John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster^ $re in :several Places very narrow, and in ocher Respe<3^ripepm-modious; and alleging, That thefeii^o^venieqCieamight, as the Petitioner apprehends, be remedied^nd'nYPiiidi in case the present Communication (by means of Jdekhaye Street) between Duke Street and a Place called Long Ditch, was. altered and widened, and a spacious and /pu.blick , Street was laid out, opened, and built, in a Line fr&fin

that Pait of the West Side of King Street, in the -said x.. . 'Parish of Saint Margaret, which is opposite to Bridge Street, and the Tame was carried on as far as the Back Part of the Houses and Yards, firqate on the West: Side bof Delahaye Street, within the said Parish, and certain Houses and other Buildings (mod of which are in a very decayed and ruinous CondicionYwere,taken down and '-rebuilt; and that the Petitiopyr is willing and deftrous, at His own Costs and Charged, not pnly td make and open the: said Street, of fyich Breadth as (frail bethought necessary Hhy the House, and to build oaeadb Side thereof such Houses: only as (hall'be fii for the Habitation of Persons of For- tune* arid DTftinftion, but to alter the present Communi-"cation between Duke Street and Long Ditch, and to render J7he same wider and more convenient; for which Purposes che hath already agreed for the Purchase of divers MeflTu-ages, Tenements, and Pieces of Ground, necessary to be 'employed in the Opening and Making of the said Street, and is now aftpally treating for the Purchase of other

.Estates; but that iomebf the Owners and Proprietor thereof are, at present, disabled by Law to sell the same; that the Freehold and Inheritance of great Parc of the Houses and Ground, wanted to be converted arid employed for the building and making the said new Srreer, being the Property of the Dean and Chapter of che (jolle* giace Church of St. Peter, at Westminster, che Petitioner hath proposed to them, that they should exchange forrle Part thereof with the Petitioner, for other Houses and Ground of equal Quanriry and Value; and grant him a Building Lease or Leases of some other Parrs of their Estate, for a long Term of Yrars, under a certain yearly Rent, to be refetved and payable to the said Dean and Chapter; to which Propofai they have signified their De-fircto agree, in case they were enabled by Law so to do; and further alleging, That such Propofai and Agreement will be advantageous to the Re verities of the said Collegiate Church, but by reason of Impediments, and other DiT-abilities, cannot be carried into 'Execution, without the Authority of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be giYeri to bring iri a Bill for opening, making, and building, such new-intended Street, as aforesaid, at the Cost and Charges of1 the Petitioner; and to enable him to purchase Houses and Ground for the said Purpose, within certain Bounds and Limits to be fee by the House; as allb for exchanging derrdfri Houses and Ground between the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate ‘ Church of 67. Peter, at Westminster, anH the said Pe-tioner; and enabling them to grant him bther Premises on a Building Lease or Leases, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, and under such Restraints, Limitations, and Restrictions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Vestry-men, and Mallory* new other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of 67. 'Mirgavet and Si. Street, in "John the' Evangelist, within the City of Westminster, on W dluiniler, behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was also presented to the House, and read.; taking notice of the Petition of the said James Mallors, being intended to be presented to the House; and alleging,

That the Opening and Making of such new-intended Street,'will not only render the Approaches from great Part of the said Parishes to Wetfminfer Bridge, and the Parts adjacent, much more commodious to the Inhabitants, and the PubHck in general; but, in case all the Houses to be erected on each Side of the said Street should be built of such Sizes, and in such Manner, as to be fit 1 for the Habitation of Persons of Fortune and Distiiiftion only, will tend greatly to the Benefit and Advantage of the Trade and Commerce of the . said Parishes, eale the Inhabitants irrtheir parochial and other Taxes, and be it great Ornament to the ancient City of Westminster:

Aftd therefore praying the Hocrfe tdtak£ the Premises into Consideration, and to 'give I cave to bring in a Bill, pur-ftianr to th6 Prayer of the said James*'Mallors, for cne Laying cur, Opening, and Building, of the said Street, under such Refiriftions, Limitations, atuj Regulations, as. to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Con-fuieration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter* thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And they arc icferred ro Colonel Cornwallis, Mr.. Sa-lusbury. Sir William Beacnhamp Proctor, Sir Francis Poole,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Gray, Mr. Prozvfe,

Mr. Page, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Drax, Mr.

Ellis, Sir (Vm. Calvert, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hampden, '

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Sir 'Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Mostyn, Lord Barrington, Mr. West, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Wilkhjon, Mr. Nugent, Sir John CuJP, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Compton, Mr. Belt bier, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. FeHowes, Sir Cur del Fi rebrace, Mr. Wilkin-Jon, Mr. Lane, Lord Hillsborough, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr.

Lyster, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir IVm.

Tonge, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Jenyns, Mr.

Gwynn,

*6 Ge6. IT.

7° Mdr

Counterfeit

Halfpence.

Dee Viviea^ tion. w

explains of the Navy.

Gwyrtn, Mr. Northey, Mr. Version, Mr. Burrell, Sir Ruber t Grosvenor, Mr. IVi/les, Mr. Townshend, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Robinson, Mr. for//, Mr. jfer/i*, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Hen. Marshai, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Gcjhry, Mr. Whkhcut, Mr. PliUiofon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bond, Sir /Ztory Erskine, Mr. Celle!on, Mr. Chet-ivynd, Mr Fuller, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Whitworth \ and all the Members who i'erve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker* Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Brewers, Distillers, Dyers, Wollftaplers, Fellmongers, Tanners, Hat-makers, and other Mantlfa-fturers, residing within the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Swry, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of rliemselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was prefenced to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are frequently obliged to receive in Payment from their Correspondents and Chapmen large Quantities of Halfpence , and that the Petitioners have lately met with great Lottes and I nconvcniencies, by means of an extraordinary Circulation of base Metal, made in the Form of Halfpence, and which the Petitioners have now in their Hands to a very confuierable Amount: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Considerjtijn; and that the making of the said base Metal into the Form of Halfpence, and their Currency, may be prevented for the future; and that che Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to die House final! seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir John Glynn Baronet, the Lord of the Manor of Hauarden, in the County of Flint, and the several other Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Frcehol iersand Occupiers of Land, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; reciting certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 17th Day'of February la ft, and enteied into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and the Petitioners, for vesting in the said Company, and their Successors, the waste Lands, Commons, and Salt Marshes, within the said Manor, lying on the North bide of the Banks or Forelands of the new Channel, freed and discharged from all Right of Common, or other Claim and Demand of the said Lord and Freeholders (except as therein is excepted), and for the Preservation of the Wastes, Commons, and Salt Marshes, on the South Side of the said new Channel or Cut: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confutation; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming, and carrying into Execution, ihc said Agreement, so entered into, between the said Company of Piopriecors and the Petitioners as a fore said.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in General Court assembled, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of the Chaplains who have served in his Majesty’s Fleet during the late Wars with France and Spain, and who are not now otherwise provided for.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Quennington

Inclosure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Common Grounds, Paftureor Feeding T3rounds, and all ocher Vol, 26.

the Lands lying open, in the Parish of Quennington, in the County of Gloucefiet, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were federally proposed to be made to the Bill , viz.

Pr. 6. L. 27. After " and, "'to insert uof."

L. 2$. To leave out "to," and insertcl shall.*’

Pr. 17. L. 16. To leave out u shall be.*

And the said Amendments were, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be>

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Common Grounds,

Failure or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open, in the Parish of Shicnnington, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concunencek

A Bill for permitting the Exportation of Wool and Exportation Woollen or Bay Yarn from any Port in Ireland, to any of Wool from Port in Great Britain, was read a Second time. Ireland.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upqnTue/day Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole tdpu(e, upon the said Bill. f.

A Position of the principal Inhabitants of Woodbury, Exetec Eastbudleigh, Bifton, Colleton, Rawleigh, Otterton, Sid- Roads. mouth, Salcombe, Branjcombe, Beer and Seaton, Clift Saint Mary and Clift Saint George, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Application for an Act for erecting Turnpikes round the City of Exeter, for repairing the Roads to the said City, in particular such Roads as lie within the Space of 'Fen Miles of the said City; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed* that? the Road leading from a Place called Clift Bridge, to the Top of Woodbury Hill, being the Road from, the t!. said several Parishes to the City of Exeter, is not intended to be repaired by the Tolls arising by the said Act, whereas the said Road is out of Repair, and lies within Ten Miles of the said City; and that the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, will largely ' contribute to the said Turnpikes; and therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the House.will take their same into Consideration, and grant them fuahRelief, as to the House shall seem meet. \ '

Ordered, That the said Petition Be referred tff the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do.,examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as> it flball 3$-pear to them, to the House: f \ L.

And it is referred to Mr. Duke^ ^rffelfaw^fAr.

Syder.hafn, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. FLa* tinge, Mr* Page, Mr.

Charlton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Drake, Mr'. Thornhagh, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Dupptin, Mr. Treby, Mr. Bond, Mr. fhont-ten, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Warbur\on, Mr. Earle, Mr. Rowsiey,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Oglethorpe,

Mr. Provife, Mr'. Vyner, Mr. West, Mr. Kent, Mt,. £#/-lev, Mr. Richards, ’Mr,*'Shelley, Mr. Martin^ jVlr. Sa-lufbury, Mr. Vane, Mr. /Jffleck, Mr. Vernon, Sir fhomets Robinson \ and all the Members who serve^for ihe Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. William Lyttelton reported from the Committee, Stourb/i ige, to who(in the Petition of the Gendem^n, Clergy, Free- &c. Roadj, holders, and others, residing in or near the Market Town of Bromsgroye, in the County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had directed him to report ftje fame, as it appeared to them, to t^e House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

6s6 70 — 8 MA. 1753.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition*

Mr. William Crtimpe and Mr. Thomas Torke were examined; and said, That the Road from The hell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Brow/grove* in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads leading from the Market-house in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, through Amblecoat, to Wordjley Green Gate, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford\ and through the Parishes of Oldswinford, Pedmore, Hagley,

# and Clent, to The Bell Inn, in the Parish of Belbrougbton, in the said County of Worcester 5 and through Oldjwinford, and the Parish of Pedmore, to a Place called Clap Gate, in the Parish of Hagley aforesaid; and through the Parishes of Oldjwinford and Pedmore aforesaid to the Sign of the Crown at Iverly Hill, in the Parish of Kinfare, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from Blake Down Poole, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Hales Owen, to the Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick 5 That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the said Bell Inn to the Town oIBromfgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

Debtor* A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt in

Petition. h{$ Majesty's Gaol upon Ouze Bridge, in the City of York, in behalf of themselves, and all others confined for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of rheir Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Old Greet Ordered, That Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Belchier, Mr.

Road. Walpole, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Newnbam,

Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Barrington, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. Nassau, Sir Thomas Robtnfon, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Chauncy Townsend, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Locke, Lord Petersham, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hume, Mr. Walpole senior, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Henry Pelham, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Thomas Newnbam, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Philip Torke, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Comptroller, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Willey, Lord Lux-borough, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Delme, he added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Constables, Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, Jtnd principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Giles without Cripplegate, London; and also of the Rector, Churchwardens, Constables, and Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other principal Parishioners and Inhabitant?, of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; whose Names arc thereunto subscribed; are referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Japply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Doncaster Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Road. whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York; as aUb of the Trustees appointed

to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Crops; and also from Ferrybridge to Weatbirby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the said County; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred \ be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjouriied till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 8° die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1753.

P R A V E It S.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords by M x. Burroughs and Mr. Wapfe:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of SW. making the Exemplification of the Jaft Will of Henry late burne’s Will Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased,

Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equiry in Great Britain and Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Frederick Cavendish reported from the Com- Burton upot mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Trent Road. Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lord?, by Mr* Burroughs and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dan{UMf for continuing and making more effectual Three Acts of Road. Parliament, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his p/elent Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford; and also for repairing the Road from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Beat Rodoph Vificr Ncrbel, without any Amendment:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Burton Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repair- Trent Rc ing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer Address of Yesterday -(that his Majesty would be graci- Addrefi gully pleased to ©yc Directions, that the Lift therein 6 mentioned

i6 Geo. II. 8 0 Mar' 6$j

mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

tower Mr. ?rowJe reported from the Committee, to whom

Compton the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders Koad. redding near the Town of Chard, in the County oiSomer-Jet, and who frequently travel the Hoad between Crew-kenie, in the said County of Somerset, and Atxminster, in the County of Devon, and also of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town of Chard aforesaid; and also the Pet ition of the Bailiffs and Burgcffcs of the Borough of Ivelchester, whose Hands and Common Seal are thereto affixed, together with the Hands of the Commonalty of the said Borough; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Simon Bradford and Mr. George Warry were examined; and said. That a large Market is held at the Town of Chard; and that a great Trade in the Woollen Manufactures is carried on in and about the said Town; and that the said Town (lands in the General Pod Road from London to Exeter, Plymouth, and Falmouth> that the Road through Perry Street is not a Mile and a Quarter nearer than the Road through the Town of Chard; and that the Soil of the said Road through Perry Street is chiefly Clay; (hat the Materials, proper for repairing the fame, lie at a considerable Didance; and that the said Road is in several Parts, for a considerable Way together, not above Seven, Eight, or Twelve Feet wide: That the Road through Chard is, in general, considerably wider, and may be effectually widened and repaired for 250/. less than the Road through Perry Street.

In Support of the Allegations of the Petition from the Borough of Ivelchester,

Mr. Andrew Nappier and Mr. John Newman were examined; and said. That the Roads from the Town of Ivelchester to Sparkford Bridge, and to the South Side of Kingsdon Hilly are publick Highways, and are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Methods prescribed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Inftfuftion to the Committee, to whum the Bill'for repairing and widening the Roads from I be Haf-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, through the Towns of Yeovil and Crew kerne; and from the said Town of Yeovil, to Mudford Bridge, Vagg Hollow, Odcombe, and Whistle Bridge, in the County of Somerset; is committed; That (hey have Power to make Provision in the said Bill lor repairing and widening the Road from the said Town of Crewkemey through the Town of Chardy in the said County of Smerjet, to the East End of the said Town of Axminster.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman-Uiher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers/

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Royd Assent Mr* Speaker reported. That the House had attended to Bill*. his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was plealed to give the Royal A (Tent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raiseti in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three.

VOL.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game, by enlarging the Time within which Suits and Actions are to be brought by force of the said Act.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castle Sower by Pastures, and Sebrabam Bridge, to Chalk-Beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road upon Castle Sowerby Failure aforesaid, and leads from thence, through Hesket, otherwise Hesket New Market, to Caldbeck, in the said County.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the City of Car-HJle, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Wtftmor-land.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdleyfm the County of Wor-after, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Seend Street, in the County of Wills, to The llorfe and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County.

An Act for continuing, and making more effectual Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Arme, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and also for repairing the Road from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King’s Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid.

An Act to enable John Peploe Birch, an Infant, heretofore called John Peploe, to take and use the Surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Birch Esquire, deceased.

An Act for enabling Abraham Carleton Esquire, now called Abraham Cumberbatch, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Cumberbatch.

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boumeefter, James Ril-liet, Anthony Bertrand, Frederick Yeife, Francis Brouzet, and George Grand.

An Act to naturalize John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph,

George Alexander Fatio, William Du Bats, William Ko-ninky and Henry Klaufing.

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Valk.

An Act for naturalizing Beat Rodolph Vi51 or Nerbel.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen shiptou who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for re- Malet, &e. pairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Road* Shipton Malet, to the Top of Rush Hill, in the Parish of Stone Easton, in the County of Somerset, and from Shipton Malet, to the Direction Poll and Elm Tree, at the Cross Way, to Butwelf in the Parish of Almsford\ and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Ivelchester, to the South Petberton Bridge; and also from Ivelchester, to the Cross Port at Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil, and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Pilton, towards the Town of Glastonbury; and likewise from Prefleigh, to Milton Bridge; and from Rujb Hill aforesaid, to and through Grounds of John Hippeftey Coxe, and to the Poole called Ybe Great Poole; That they do make Provision in the said Bril for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ivelchester to Sparkford Bridge* and the Road 8 E from

Levant

Trade.

Sherbrook Hill, &c. Road.

658 8B Martii. 17 5 3.

from Ivelchester to the South Side of Kingsdon Hill\ leading to Somerlon, and where the Cross Ways meet.

Ordered, That the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, be read a Second time upon \Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Legb reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed ro put in Execution an A£fc of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the one pasted in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sherbrooke Hilly near Buxton, and Chupel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster; and for amending other Roads, adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the first-mentioned A&; and also of the several Gentlemen, Landowners, Traders, and Farmers, whose Names are thereto subscribed,.living near the said Roads, and the Parts adjacent; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where ‘ the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

The aforesaid Acts were read; whereby several Tolls were granted, and Power given to borrow Money on the Security thereof, for the Repair of the said Roads; and, Mr. Samuel Cooper, ‘Treasurer of the said Turnpike, laid before your Committee, an Account of the Money borrowed, and now owing, upon the said several Acts; announcing in the Whole to 2,600l.

And also, an Account of the Tolls which have arisen from 22d July 1747, to 17th February 1753; and of the Disbursements thereof within that Period; whereby it appeared, that there was a Balance in his Hands of 50/.

16 s. 4 d.

And the said Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Samuel Foxlcw, severally said, That by an Act, pasted in the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for continuing the said Act of the Third Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, several additional Roads were thereby directed to be repaired, which has greatly decreased the Income of the Trust; for that, from 2d May 1750, to 17th June 1751, being the Year preceding the Commencement of the said Acts, the Tolls amounted to 959/. 17 s. Sid. and from the 17th June 1751, to the 13th May 1752, being the Year after the Commencement of the said Act, amounted only to 471/. Ti s. S{d.:

That, deduding the interest of the Money so borrowed, and all other annual Expences attending the Trust, there will remain no more than 223/. per Annum to be applied towards repairing the said Roads; which will be insufficient for those Purposes:

That the Road leading from Ardwick Green, through a Ford in the River Mercy, to Wilmslow, being about Nine computed Miles, is a common Highway, and the nearest Road from Manchester to London by Four or Five Miles: That the said River is always difficult to pass; and in Time of high Floods, which frequently happen, is altogether impassable; and that, if a Bridge was erected over the said River, at the said Ford, it would be of great Benefit to Travellers, and to the Trade carried on in those Parts:

That the said Road from Ardwick Green to Wilm-Jlow is, in many Places, very narrow, and almost im-pastable in Winter, and Materials for repairing the same are very scarce, and lie at a great Distance; and that the same cannot be repaired, iior such Bridge erected, by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, 'Three Acts of Parliament, pasted in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Third and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, v

to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from The School-hou/e in Didsbury, to the Bridge in Wi'mslow, in the said County of Chester; and for erecting a Bridge over the River Merjey: And that Mr. Legb, and Mr. Wright, do prepare, and bring In, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants and' principal Inhabitants Levant of the Port of Whitehaven was presented to the House, Trade, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures to Conjl ant inop le, and other Parts of the Turkish Empire; and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying the Trade to Turkey open to all his Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into HeiringSyke Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Road, the Bill for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heiring Syke, which divides the Counties ofu Lancaster and Westmorland, through the Town of Kirkby, in Kendal, and from thence to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Repair of Roads upon Bridges.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question 1 put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for regulating Pawn-brokers and Brokers, with- Regulating in the Bills of Mortality, and Placfes adjacent; and Pawnbrokers for more effectually preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Yonge, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Hillsborough,

Lord Barrington, Sir John Cujl, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr, Hardinge, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Nugent, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham Mr. Affieck, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Phillipson, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Arundel, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Bowes, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Warburton, Sir James Lowther, General Oglethorpe, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Tuck field, Mr.

Anjon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. South-well, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Lord Downe, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Williams,

Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Willy, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Burr el, Mr. Pitt, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Bond, Mr, Curzon, Mr. Willes, Mr. Legh, Mr.

Garth, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Richards, Sir Thomas Rob inf on,

Mr. Poore, Sir Robert Rurdet, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Neale, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Luke Robin/on, Mr. Lane, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Northey,

Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Belchier, Sir Francis Dashwood,

Mr.

26 Geo. II. 8 ° Mart659

Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Middlesex, Essex, and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Militia. A Bill to render the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, more useful, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed>

It passed in the Negative.

Jamaica The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Afters. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Report (which was presented to the House upon Friday the 23d Day of February lad) from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the present State of the Island of Jamaica; and also of the several Papers presented to the House at the same time, as an Appendix to the said Reports

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " The printed f< Acts of Assembly, passed in the Island of Jamaica from " 1681 to 1737 inclusive," be referred to the said Committee."

Ordered, That the Copy of the Representation from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the House of Lords, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders upon their Addresses or the ift and 5th of April 1734, relating to the State of the British Islands in America, with regard to their Trade, their Strength, and Fortifications, and to what may be further necessary for the Encouragement of their Trade and Security of those Islands; as likewise to such Encouragements as may be necessary to engage the Inhabitants of the British Colonies on the Continent, in America, to apply their Industry to the Cultivation of naval Stores of all Kinds, and of such other Products as pnay be proper for the Soil of the said Colonies, and do not interfere with the Trade or Produce of Great Britain (which was presented to the Hcule upon the 27th Day of March 1735) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants and Planters, and others trading to, and interested in, his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America (which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of March 1738) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; and had also directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Opening Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, re^ve into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Wool' Bill for °Pening the Port of Exeter for the Importa-

tion of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland.

Plundering ReJolvedy That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Shipwrccki. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Persons suffering Losses thereby.

Doncaster Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Ro«.ds. whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York 5 as also of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Weatherly, and from thence to Borough bridge, in the said County, Vol. 26.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Bucktonbum others, of the Shire of Berwick; and also of the several and Berwick Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Roads* Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Bridge formerly eretfted over the River Whitwater, within the District of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, being now in Ruins, it is intended, that the said Bridge should be rebuilt by Subscription, in order to keep open and facilitate a Communication between the said Town and the Shire of Berwick; and, as the Support and Preservation' of the said Bridge, when rebuilt, will be a reciprocal Advantage both to the said Town and Shire, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That in the Bill, which is ordered to be brought in, for repairing the several Roads mentioned in the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of that Part of the County of Durham, commonly called Norbam and JJland Shires, and of the Mayor, Recorder,

Aldermen, and other Inhabitants, of Berwick upon Tweed, and also in the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the said Borough of Berwicky Provision will be made for keeping the said Bridge in Repair; and further setting forth, That the Bridge called Twizel Bridge, in the County of Durham, is Part of the High Road leading from the Town of Tweedmouth, through the Town of East Ordy Tihnouthy and Cornhilly to Deddo Burn, in the said County, and is now made use of chiefly by Passengers and Travellers on Horseback, and is kept in Repair by the Parish of Norham, at a very small Expence; but, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the same will, in its Consequences, greatly prejudice the said Bridge, not only by increasing the Number of Passengers over the fame, but by introducing heavy Carriages thereon, which will render the Repair thereof very expensive to the said Parish, unless Provision be made in the said Bill to oblige the Trustees thereby to be appointed, to repair the said Bridge out of the Tolls granted for amending the said Roads: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as shall be thought just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. OJwaldy Mr. Vane, Lord Barrington, Mr. Caley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Townjhendy Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Aidworth, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyjier, Mr.

EUifon, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Digby, Mr. PhillipJony General Onslow, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bond,

Mr. Bold, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Townflsend, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Belcbier, Mr. Richards, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Which cot. Sir John Cujly Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Williams, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Curzon, Sir Robert Burden,

General Oglethorpe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Newland, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Thijllethwaite, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Powney, Mr. Willey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Durham, and for North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Potoer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, Highgate a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts and Ham-of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to High- ead 01 s< gate Gatehou/c) and Hamflead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex: And the same received.

Ordered\

i° Martii.

660 8" — 9

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Le^ye tp make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 90;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

rOHN David Barbutt, and Fortunatus Plant a y took the J Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Manchester A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are &e* Road. thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of the Navigation on the Rivers Me fey and Irwef from Liverpool to Mapchjer, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, an Act passed for making the Rivers Mersey and Irwel aforesaid navigable j and that the Petitioners have been at a very great Expence in carrying on and completing the said Navigation, which has been perfected about Sixteen Years; and taking notice, That the Bill depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Chapel in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, gives Power for digging and carrying away Gravel, Sand, Stone, or other Materials, for repairing the said Ro^ds, out of any River or Bropk in or near to any Pare of the said Rpads, without paying any thing for such Materials j and further setting forth, That the Petitioners were under the Necessity of making Locks between Man-cbfter and Warrington, several of which have cost them upwards of Jwo thousand Pounds; and to support the said Locks, and prevent the Rapidity of the River from carrying them away, the Petitioners have been at very great Expences; and alleging, That the Power given by the said Bill, for digging, gathering, and carrying away. Gravel out of the Rivers aforesaid, will not only be prejudicial to the fame, but, as the Petitioners apprehend, will be a Means to destroy the Works of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, cr their Counsel, what they have to offer against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, before the same do pass, at such time as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Chapel in the Town of Salford\ to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Dtixbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Dover to The Lord George Sackville presented to the House, ba Aam according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and Down Rwd. repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Down, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

11

.1753.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon be added to the Gendemen ipswich, who are appointed tp prepare, and bring in, a Bill for &c. Roads, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the one of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called The Pye Rqacj, in the County of Suffolk 5 and the other, of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bully through Eyey to Lantborne Green, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenham Beacon, in ffie f*id County.

Sir Robert Burdet presented to the House, according to Aftiby de Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from Afbby dela Zouch, la Zouch in the Ccwmy of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in Road* the County of Stafford. and to The Cocky in Tut bury y in the same County; And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Refolded\ That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Corpplaint being made to the House, That, in privilege, breach of the Privilege of this House, Edward Galley, a, menial Servant of Mr. Coventry (a Member of this House) had been arrested by William Benton, a Sheriff’s Officer, at the Suit of Robert Gian \

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. William Lyttelton presented to the House, according Stourbridge, to Order, a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening Ro^s» the Roads leading from the Market-house in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester^ through Amble coat, to Wordjley Green Gate, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, and through the Parishes of Oldfwinford,

Pedmore, Hagley, Clent, and Belbrougbton, to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester , and through Oldfwinford and the Parish of Pedmore, to a Place called Clap Gate in the Parish of Hagley aforesaid; and through the Parishes of Oldfwinford and Pedmorc aforesaid, to the Sign of the Crown at Iverly Hilly in the Parish of Kinfare, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from Blake Down Poole, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Wor-eefter, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley uni,

Hates Owen, to the Cross of the Hands, near Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry Shelburne' late Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, de- 1 cealed, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Doncaster Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Road* the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, as also of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Weather by, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Report was read, and is as followeth 5 wz,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the 14th of his present Majesty’s Reign wax

read;

<i6 Geo. II. o° Mart.iL 66 f

read; whereby it appeared, That several Tolls weregranred for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry-bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Crofts* and also from Ferrybridge to Weather by, and from thence to Borough -hidgey in the County of York; and that, by a Proviso in the said Act, all Carriages laden with Coals are exempted from the Payment of any Tolls, for passing on that Part of the said Road, between Ferrybridge and Boroughbridge* at any Time between the First of May and the Thirtieth of October, in each Year; and that they are only chargeable with the Payment of Onedourth Part of the said Tolls, during the remaining Part of the Year. Then,

Mr. Thomas Oaftla being examined, said. That he is Surveyor of that Part of the said Road which is between Fenybridge and Bo; oughbtidge; and that a great Progress hath been made in repairing the fame; but that great Numbers of Carriages, to the Amount of 6coo in a Year; laden with Coals and Lime, the former whereof pays but a small Toll ac a certain Time of the Year, and the latter no Toll at all, pals over the said Road, to the great Damage thereofj and that from thence, and the many heavy Carriages passing the fame, the Road is in general much tom up, and damaged.

That the Trustecs appointed by the said Act have not Power sufficient to compel the several Parishes to perform their Statute-work, or to remove Annoyances; and that the said Act is in several other Parts defective

And he said, he had infpvfted the Trcalbrers Accounts: and fays. That the Tolls amount to about 400l. a Year; and that the Trulites have borrowed 3,800l. on the Credit of the Tolls colicdlcd on that Part of the Road between Ferrybridge and Borcv.glridge, which Sum remains fill due; and that all the Money borrowed, and the Surplus of the Tolls, after Pay nene of the Interest 01 the fame, and Charges of Management, had been duly laid out in repairing the said Road; and he delivered in to your Committee a particular Estimate of the farther Sum necessary ior the amending that Part of the said Road, which amounted to !, S6o/.; which Sum, according to his Com- puration, would be sufficient effectually to amend the fame; and he added, that the Consumers of Coals were willing to contribute towards the carrying on the said Repairs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tcdcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to iFeat he; by, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York: And that Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Aiftabie, Mr. Arundel, and Mr. Thornton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Barford Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of che Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Landholders, and principal Inhabitants residing in and near the Towns of Buford in the County of Oxford, and Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Brass nc laid, That the Road mentioned in the Petition is extremely bad, both in Winter and Summer; and that in Winter no Carriages have been able to pass these Forty Years; and that it is very dangerous for Travellers on Horseback; and cannot be repaired by the ordinary courl'c of Law.

Mr. James Rogers confirmed the aforesaid Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from I be Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Buford, in the County of (Jxford, through the Parish of Id'eft well in the said County, and Irom thence over several Common Fields and Downs, lying in the Parishes of Little Barrington, IVtndrufh, and yjdjworth, to and through the Parish of Bibury, by a ccr-Vql. 26.

tain House or Inn, commonly called The Swan, and from thence through the Parishes of Arlington* Bmnfley, and Ampney Crucis, into the common Road leading from the Town of Lelcblade, to the Town of Cirencester, at a Place in the Parish of Preston, commonly called Dancy s Fancy, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Coxe, and Mr. Chester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom PlPer« Tnn; the Petition of the Justices of che Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, &c' Freeholders, and Capital Inhabitants, of the City of Wells,

Borough of Glaston, and Parts adjacent, in the Eastern Division of the County of Somerset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Hughes, and Mr. George Goldfinch, severally said, fftac the Roads leading from Pipers Inn in the Parish of .<ijhcott, to and through Glaston and Wells, to the Direction or White Post, in the Parish of Midjomer Norton, in the said County, and also from Wells to Rush Hill, are become very ruinous and bad; and are in many Places lb narrow, thacT woCarriagescannoc pass each other, without great Inconvenience and Danger; and that the same cannot, by the Laws in being, be effectually amended* widened, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, fnat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ‘ repairing and widening the Roads leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glaston, other wile Glastonbury, and Welts, to the Direction or White Post, in the Parish of Midjomer-nor ton* in the said County: And that Mr. Hamilton, and Mr. Kjwynn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, an Account of all Debentures made out for the Bounty on Payment of the Bounties upon Exportation of BriPjh made ported01 Sail Cloth, from the PI Day of June 1750, to Christmas P 1752, distinguishing each Year; and what Sums of Money due by the said Debentures iemain unpaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Philip Devifme do, upon Monday Importation Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, °*Cambrl:k:s* to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of the City of London, whole Names are thereunto fublcnbed, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. William Norton do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Paterson do attend the said Committee, at che same time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Henry Leathley Tn-Hitcb, of'Leathley in the County of York, Esquire, Lord cl°l"re* of the Manor of Leathley aforesaid, John Griffith Clerk,

Rector of the Parish Church of Leathley, Henry Moyfes, of I^eatbley aforesaid, Gentleman, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Township cf Leathley aforesaid (which was presented to che House upon Tuesday lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilkinson, and Mr. Barnes, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. '

Mr. Dixon reported from the Committee, to whom the PccbTe* Petition of the Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Sup- Roads. ply, and Heretors, of the County of Peebles, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

8 F Petition;

British

Kilhcry.

Corn

Bounty.

65i

Petition; and had directed him to repost the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Ho life; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Captain James Stuart, said, Thac the Roads leading from the Stew arty of Kirkcudbright, Counties of Wigtown Dumfries, and Lane>k, towards the City of Edinburgh, by the several Places mentioned in the Petition, until they join the Highways within the County of Edinburgh, ice, by rtrSon of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame* become very ruinous, and are in many Places almost im-pa(fable for Carriages, and dangerous to Travellers passing through the fame; and that the same cannot, by the ordinary course provided by the Laws of that Kingdom, be efficdlually amended, and kept in good Repair.

The above Evidence was confirmed by a Member present at the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ift a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed-hcrpe Braefoot, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and IVbeam, and by Linton and Carhps, and from Inglefton, through Car lops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh: And that Mr. Dixon, and Mr. Hamilton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Bethell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effedhial, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, and for regulating the said Fishery, according to the Calendar now in use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That che Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Tvwnjhend reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, residing in that Part of the Sea Coalt in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough of Kings Lynn and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants or Exporters of Corn from the City of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, ip order to be exported at the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the said County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are thereto subscribed, oil behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, residing at the Borough and Port of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from the Port of Ipswich, in che County of Suffolk', were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, residing in that Part of the Sea Coast in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough of King's Lynn and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said Courty; and also ihe Matter of the 1 etition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of No rfoik, whose Names are subscribed; and also the Matter of the Petition of the Merchants or Exporters of Corn from the City of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, in order to be exported at the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the said County of Norfolk, who ft Names arc subscribed; and also the \! atter of the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whole Hands are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, residing at the Borough and Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; no Person appearing on the lie-half of the said Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from the Port of Ipfivich, in the County of Suffolk; and that the Committee had directed him to report a State

4-17$3‘

of the Matters of the Four first mentioned Petitions, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

That, by an Act of the First of King William and Queen Mary, for encouraging the Exportation of Corn, it is enacted, That when Malt or Barley should be at Twenty-four Shillings, and Wheat at Forty-eight Shillings, per Quarter; or under; in any Port or Ports of this Kingdom, every Merchant who should put on board of any Engiish-built Ship, the Master, and Two-rbirds of his Mariners at least, being their Majesty's Subjects, any Sores of the said Corn, with an Intent to export the fame, every such Person, upon a Certificate, and Proof, upon Oath, of the Quantity and Quality lb shipped, and giving such Bond to export, and not reland the fame, as in the said Act is mentioned, should have paid them by the Commissioners* Farmers, or Collectors of his Majesty’s Customs, of the Port from whence such Corn was exported, a Bounty of Five Shillings for every Quarter of W hear, Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Quarter of Rye, and Two Shillings and Six Pence for every Quarter of Barley, or’Malt; so shipped; which Money so paid by the Commissioners, Farmers or Collectors, should be accepted of in thtif Accounts, as so much paid to their Majeliies.

Then an Act, of che 12th and 13th Years of King William the Third, was read; which enadls, That if the Collector of the Customs of any Port on the Coasts of this Kingdom should not have sufficient in his Hands to satisfy and pay such Sum and Sums of Money which were or should be due to any Exporters, by virtue of the first-mentioned Act, that then such Collectors should give to the Person, demanding such Sum or Sums of Money, a Certificate, under his Hand, of what should be due to such Person for the Corn exported from such Porr; certifying to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, that he had not Monies in his Hands sufficient to pay the fame; which Certificate being affixed to the Debenture for the Corn so exported, and being produced to his Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs in London, they the said Commissioners of the Customs are thereby authorized and required, on Demand, by the Person that shall bring the fame, to cause the Money thereby due to be paid wiihin Three Months, by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, out of such Monies as should be in his Hands, arising out of such Customs or Duties in the Port of London, as were chargeable with die Payment of any Money for the Exportation of Corn.

Then an Act of the Third of his present Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the Duties on Malt, tec. was read; whereby the Bounty Money for Malt is diredltd to be paid, after the Rate of Thirty Quarters for every Twenty Quarters of Bailey made into Malt, for Exportation, and no more; and your Committee find, that the said Provision hath been continued in the annual Acts for continuing the said Duties on Malt, to this Time. — Then your Committee examined,

Mr. Stephen Wear, Cornfactor; who said, That great Numbers of Debentures for various Sons of Corn exported, had been transmitted to him from several Gentlemen on the Coast of Norfolk, and particularly from Mr. Jones offaiker.ham, one of the Petitioners; and that upon Application to the Custom-house, they have been allowed by the Commissioners, and dire died to be paid by the Receiver General; but that he has not yet received any Money thereupon, though he has frequently applied both by himself and Servants; the general Answer at the Receiver's Office being, That they had not Money; — That he has a Debenture in his Hands, dated the 2d of October, another the 6th of November, another the 18th of December, and another the 23d of January, all in the Years 1751 and 1752; which Four Debentures amount to about 280/. and several other Debentures since chat time; but thele are the oldest that remain unpaid; *nd that he has been paid none of a later Dater than thele; and that the Debentures ui his Han^s amount, in the whole, to £. 1,341. 19 . —

That

90 Martii.

2(5 Geo. II. 9" Marti!. 66}

Thru he has been obliged to fell several Thousand Pounds worth of such Debentures, at 6 per Cent. Discount; and thar, frum the usual course of Payment, those Four Debentures he had mentioned to the Committee would have been paid before this Time.

Being asked, When he last received any Money for Corn Debentures ? he said, He had received Money within this Month, both for London Debentures, and those from the Out-ports; that the Out-port Debentures had been due above Fifteen Months, and the London Debentures, as he thinks, about Two or Three; and chat the London Debentures arc always paid sooner chan those from the Out-porrs.

Being aiked, Whether ever he had not received Money on Debentures, from the Out-ports, when, at the same time, he had others of a prior Date remaining in his hands unpaid ? he said, He never had; and that he believes the Debentures are not taken for Duties due; and that he believes no Debenture for Corn, exported at the Port of London, has been longer than Three Months unpaid; but that the Time when the Corn is entered, makes some Alteration as to the Payment; for if it is entered on the first or last Day of the Month, according to the Methods of keeping their Accounts at the Cutlom-hovife, it will become payable at the same Time; buc that, after the Debenture for the Port of London is delivered out* the Money is commonly paid in a Week or Ten Days.

Mr. Alderman Chitty said, He had been a Cornfactor Twenty Years; and that he had Debentures in his Hands for Corn exported from Norfolk, amounting to 3,000l. and the oldest of them is dated the 20th of September 1751, and directed to be paid Three Months after the 5th of Gthber i and, consequently, has been due ever since De-tanler 175 1; that he has, since that Time, got other Debentures paid; but they have all been of a Date prior to that he mentioned, and had been due Fourteen or Fifteen Months; that the Certificate Debentures have been fold for 71 per Cent. Discount, and are now sold at a Discount of 1 s. id. a Pound; and the Witness himself has refused to buv some at 16/

Being asked. Whether some Rumours might not contribute to depreciate such Certificate Debentures? he said, He could not say that:

That formerly he chose rather to receive those Debentures, for Remittances out of the Country, than Bills; and that they always had prompt Payment till within these Five Years; the Reason of which was, that the Exportation of Corn was not so great at that Time; and the Decrease of the Exportation would undoubtedly forward the Payment of those Debentures.

And being asked, \\ hat the Debentures (landing out for Corn exported from the Out-ports might amount to in the whole ? he said, He could not tell.

Mr. Norris informed the Committee, That he had Debentures from the Out-ports in his hands, dated in (jelober 1751, and in February, March, and April 1752, to the A mount of 1,200l.; rhac the oldest is for £.79. 13. 2. and dated the 17th Gftoker 1751, which he presented to the Commissioners of the Customs the 31st of the same Month, who directed the Payment thereof on the 31st January 1752, since when he has made frequent Applications for the fame; buc was (till answered, They had no Money.

Mr. Neifon produced to your Committee, An Account of Debentures from the Out-ports in his hands in December 1751, and January and February 1752, to the Amount of 2,053/. is.od. and the oldest appeared to be dated the 4th December 1751^ but he said he had others in his hands or a later Date, to the Amount of 10,000l.; and that he had several Certificate Debentures from the Port of Lynn; that he has applied several times for the Payment of these Debentures; and was always told they had no Money.

And being asked, Whether ever he had knownlnstances of Dcbcntu-es being paid, when those of a prior Date had been refused ? he said. He could not say as to fhat; but that he has been told, on Application to the Custom-house, to call again; and has been paid when others have not

Vol. 26*

come; and that he does not doubt, but, by his diligent ComBoafcty. Attendance, he has got Debentures paid, when others, of an older Date, have remained unpaid.

Being asked, Whether a Person who has a Debenture, dated the last Day of November, may not be paid before one dated the first ? he said, He has been told, upon applying to the Custom-house, That they had Money to pay Debentures, of the first Part of a Month, when they had not to pay the last; and he added, that the Debentures for Corn exported from the Port of London were usually paid about Two Months-after the Exportation; and the Debentures from the Out-ports not under 15 or sometimes 18 Months:

That if the Debentures for the Corn exported from the Out-ports were as well paid as those from London, it would be a great Inducement to export more Corn; as the Discount of 7£ per Cent. is, in effect, so much added to the Price of the Corn; and must prevent the Exportation of some; and the locking up such a Sum of Money is a still greater Disadvantage, as a Man must have a much larger Capital to carry on the Business; and that the Reason of the Discount being so great, is the Uncertainty of the Time of Payment, and the great trouble in attending at the Custom-house for the fame; for that the Witness believes he has sent thither 30 times for every Debenture that has been paid him this last Year.

Mr. Robert Wilson said, That he had several Certificate Debentures in his hands, for Corn exported; some of which were due the 3d of December 1751; that Three or Four Months ago it was not usual to pay the Country Debentures in less Time than 18 Months; but that the Exportation has lately decreased; and they are now paid in about 15 Months; and that he has Debentures of his own, and hisCorrcfpondents, in his hands, to the Amount of 17,000l.; which have all been due above Six Months, and some as long as Fifteen.

Being asked, How Jong the London Debentures commonly remained unpaid ? he said, The time of Entry made some Variation as to that; for if the Entry was made the latter-end of a Month; for Example, the latter-end of December, the Debenture would come round by the 6th or 7th of February, when they should get their Money; but if the Entry was made the first of January following, they should, by that means be delayed a Month longer; that the Reason of this he supposes to be, the manner of keeping their Accounts at the Custom-house, which they do in Months; but after they have got the London Debentures, *tis generally paid in about a Week’s Time; though several Hundreds of London Debentures had passed through his hands; and that he never had one Three Weeks without Payment.

Mr. Thomas Daw/on being examined, as to the Effefk the postponing the Payment of the Out-port Debentures had upon the Exportation of Corn, said, That he has 10 or 12,000 Pounds worth of Debentures (landing out, some of which have been due 14 or 15 Months; and not long ago he had some in his hands, that were (landing out 20 Months; that he has fold the said Debentures at Eight per Cent. Discount, otherwise he must have been obliged to flop Trade; that he has known People buy Corn at Yarmouth, and fend it to London to be exported; and that the prompt Payment of the Debentures gives the London Exporters a great Advantage over those in the Country.

Mr. Charles Etty informed your Committee, That he has several Debentures for Corn exported at the Port of Lynn,which were due in October and November 1751, to the Amount of 724/.; that these Debentures have not been negotiated; but that the Discount asked for the Debentures granted in the Year 1752, was 8/. 15s. per Cent*

Mr. Mojs informed your Committee, That great Quantities of Corn were bought up at Norwich, and exported at Yarmouth; and that the Exporters have been obliged to pay from Six to Eight per Cent. Discount, for Money on their Debentures for the last Two or Three Years; and that formerly they were difeounted for Two per Cent.j and that the Merchants are encouraged by the Bounty to

give


664 90 Martii. 1753.

give a greater Price for Corn than they could otherwise afford to do.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Pefolved, That this House will, upon Phurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Lawton Mr. Cholmondeley’reported from t he Committee, to whom

Ro dT Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and In-

oa s* habitants, of the County of Chester, and Parts adjacent; and also the Petition of the I nhabitants. Merchants, and Traders* within the Borough and Port of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Potters, and other Traders and Inhabitants of the Borough and Market Town of Newcastle-under-Line, and the several Parishes or Town-ships of Wcolfianton, Stoke, Burftem, Tunftatt, New Chapel, and other adjacent Towndiips, in the County of Stafford; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. William Pomkin/on said. That the Roads leading from Lawton, through the Market Towns of Sandbach and Middlewich, and from thence to the Market Town of Northwich, in the County of Chester, and to Winsford Bridge, in the same County, by reason of the Nature of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages that pass through them, are become so ruinous and bad, that Carriages cannot pass through the same without great Danger and Difficulty: That there are many Salt-works near the said Roads, through which are carried Coals for the said Works, and the above MaiketTowns, and Country adjacent; and that Salt from the said Works, and other Goods, are carried in great Quantities from other Places to Northwich and Winf~ ford Bridge, to be conveyed in Vessels down the River Weaver, and to the Port of Liverpool; from whence large Quantities of Goods are conveyed up the said River, and through the said Roads, to several Parts of the said County of Chestet', and other Counties:

And said, That the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Method provided by the Laws in being, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair.

Mr. John Hardman being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Lawton Gate, in the Township of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Towns of Sandbach and Middlew'cb, to the Town of Northwich, and to a Place called Winsford Bridge, in the said County: And that Mr. Dkolmcnddey, and Mr. War bur ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

BucktonBurn Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the and RBei?ICk Petition oi the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, °a S* of the Shire of Berwick; and also of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Durham; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Lbriftopher Batti/on laid, That the Bridge formerly erected over the River Whitwater is now in Ruinjs; and that it is agreed the said Bridge should be rebuilt by Subscription, in order to keep open and facilitate a Communication between the Shire of Berwick and the Town; which will be of reciprocal Advantage to both the said Places: That the Bridge called Pwizel Bridge, in the County «f Durham, is now chiefly used by Pallcngers on Horse-

back, and is kept in Repair by the Parish of Nor bam, at a small Expence; but if the Bill ordered to be brought in, for repairing the several Roads mentioned in the Petition of the Gentlemen, and others, of that Parr of the County of Durham, called Nor ham and lftund ShFes, and in the Petition of the Mayor and Corporation of Berwick, should pass into a Law, ic will, in its Consequences, prejudice the said Bridge, not only by increasing the Number of Passengers over the fame, but by introducing Waggons, and other heavy Carriages, thereon; which will render the Repair thereof very expensive.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed, to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, through Berwick-upon-Pweed, to Lammerton Hi//, and from the Road at the South End of T weedmouth,a\ong Ltall Highway, through East Ord, to Pwizel Bridge, and through Cornbill, to Deddoburn, and from the Road ac Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called Hornbury, and from the Road near Scramerfton, through Ancroft, to Ltckerburn, in the County of Durham, and from the Road at Scots Gate, in the said Town of Berwick, by the South Side of Hally down Hill, to a House called The Bound Road House, and from the said Road at Scots Gate, to IVhiitater Lqw Bridge, and to a Place called The Bound Road, within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick, That they do make Provision therein for keeping in Repair the Bridge called Whittater Low Bridge, within the L)i drift of the said Town of Berwick, when the said Bridge shall be rebuilt; and also for keeping in Repair the Bridge called Twizel Bridge, in the said County of Durham.

Ordered, That the Petirion of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Exeter Freeholders, and Leafehoiders, of the County of Devon, Roack-living to the Westward of the City of Exon (which was prefonted to the House upon Puefday Lift, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of the Co remittee, to whom the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, is committed.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Owners of Houses Aldersgate and Lands within the Parish of St. Botclph without AC Church. derfgate, London, and the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish (which was presented to the House upon Tuesday lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Bcurchier IVrey, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Phornhagh, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gray, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr.

Barlow, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Corn-walis, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Browne, Mr. Hob-lyn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. V/ilkinfcn, Mr. Clayton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Barbor, Mr, Fonereau, Mr. Wifon,

Mr. Locke, Mr. Martin, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Proufe,

Mr. John Yorks, Sir William Beauchamp Proffer, Sir John Cust, Lord Dupplin, Mr. West, Mr. Page, Mr. Salufbury,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gzvynn, Mr. Lyster, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. John Gore, Mr. Neale, Mr. Lane, Mr. Darner, Mr. Ra/hleigh, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Coventry, M,r. Kynaston, Mr. Puckfield, Mr.

Richards, Mr. Lambe; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the County of Midilejex:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt, according to Order, reported from the Jamaica Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report Aftairs* (which was presented to the House upon Friday the 23d Day of February lad) from the Com mi (Boners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the present State of the I (land o i Jamaica; and also of the several Papers presented to the House at the same time, as an Appendix to the said Report; were refer red; the Resolutions which the Committee had

2 6 Geo. II. f — 120 Mar Hi. 36$

had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his P.^ce; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as foliowech;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the peopling the Island vf Jamaica with White Inhabitants, and cultivating the Lands thereof, is the most proper Measure for the Security of that Island, and for cn-creasing the Trade and Navigation between that Island and Great Britain, ns well as to and from other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Endeavours hitherto used by the Legislature of the Island of Jamaica* to increase the Number of White Inhabitants, and to enforce the Cultivation of Lands in the manner which may conduce belt to the Security and Defence of that Island, have not been cfteftual for these Purposes.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. John Pitt also reported from the said Committee, That they had dirc&td him to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the better peopling the island of with White Inhabitants; for

encouraging the Cultivation of Lands at present uncultivated in that Island; and for making a proper Diflribu-tion of such Lands.

And he mtved. the House accordingly.

Ordered*That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better peopling of the Island of Jamaica with W'hitc Inhabitants; for encouraging the Culrivation of Lands at present uncultivated in that Island; and for making a proper Distributiun of such Lands: And that Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hume* Mr. Charles Townjhmd* Mr. Ofwa.d* and the Lord Dnpplin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dfe Ordered, That Mr. Martin, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Owen,

Navigation. Mr. fkilips, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of me Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in General Court assembled, is referred.

Performance The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a - of . Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the arinune. gjj tQ Qj)jjgC Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being rend, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Rc/olved., That this House will, upon Wednesdny Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Opening T|1C House resolved itself into a Committee of the

toT ihw^l House, upon the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter

r n to# for the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yam, from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Drake took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Drake reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several A mend-

Vojl. 26.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Com mi tree, to whom Bridlington the Bill for enlarging the Time, and continuing the Du* Piers, ties, granted by several Acts of, Parliament, for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York, and for making the said Acts more effectual, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and m^de several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Wiikinfon, have Leave to mafae z Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 8/L. 15., be-: ing severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiofli severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 8. L. 15. being read,a Second time;

The House was moved, That the last Section of an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Ye^rsof the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East,

Riding of the County of York, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have, Leave to make £ Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And a Bill more effectually to enable the Parishioners ChrlftChurck of the Parish of Chrtft Church, in the County of Middlesex, Workhouse. to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish; and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Wiikinfon, Mr, Berkeley* Mr. Hay, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Hardinge, Mr*Prowse, Mr. Belchier, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Powney, Sir Charles Kemys Fynte, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Pro ft or* Lord Downe, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Beekford, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Strange, Colonel Stanwix,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Gore* Mr* Colleton, Mr.

Cary, Lord Digby, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Morton, Mr. Buller,

Sir George Oxenden, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Hume, General Handafyde, Lord Howe, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Popham, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Fell ewes* Mr. Bold, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham; and all the Members who serve for’ the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Rent, and Surry, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunte* 120 die Martii'.

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753.

Pr avers.

QRDEREDi That ail Committees be revived; Committee*/

Mr. Thijllethwaytepreferred to the House, according -Portsca

to Order, a Bill for building a Chapel on the Common in Chapel.

SG the-'

666 12° Mdr .\iX%*

the Parish of Pbrtfea, in thfe Cdunlry bf Southampton; and for veiling Power in certain Trustees, for the Regulationr thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

White Sheet A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and ParillTes

Hill, &c. Sherborne, Oborne, Castleton, Yetminster, Leigh, Chetnok,

Roads. Nether Compton, Thornford, Lcngburtcn; Candle, Bishop Sturton, Candle Poinlington, Sandford, Ore as, Corton, Denham, and of other Places lying in and near the Town and' Parishes of Sherborne, Oborne, Nether Compton, and Brad--ford Abbas, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, Parishes, and Places, tfras presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That in a Bill brought into the House, for repairing and widening the Rbad leading from the Top of a Hill, called White Sheet Hill, in the great Western Poll Road, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shafton^otYmxmfc Shaft (bury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, and from thence to a House called or known by the Name of the' Halfway House, situate in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, there is z CJdufe empowering the Trustees, therein to be named, to erect Gates or Turnpikes across any Lane or By-way, leading into, or out of, the Road thereby intended to be repaired; and to take fuchTolls as are thereby to be made payable at the Turnpikes to be erected across the said Road ?b to be repaired; which Road is more than Twenty-three Miles in Length; and alleging, that the'greatest Parc of the said Road, from the*Top of a Hill, called East Hill, lying One Mile East of Milborne Port aforesaid, through Milborne Port, Sherborne, and Nether Compton aforesaid, to the House called the Halfway House, and from thence through Bradford Abbas and Yeovil, to West Coaker, in the said Counties of Dorset and Somerftt, being Eleven Miles, is now as good as any Turnpike Road in England, of the same Level; and that the other Parc thereof, with less than the Statute Labour, in One Year only, of the Part Ihes whereon the said Road lies, might be made so; and that the Towns and Parishes of Milborne Port, Sherborne and Nether Compton, and almost all the London Road leading to them from the said Hill, called East Hill, and from West Coaker aforesaid, lie on a Stone, Sand, and Gravel Soil and the Cross and By-roads Lading to Milborne Pert, Sherborne, and Nether Compton aforesaid, for much the greatetl Part, lie on the same Soil, and need no Amendment; and the other Part with less than the Statute Labour of the same Parishes whereon they lie, might be made and continued so; and that the said Town of Sherborne, is a very considerable Market Town; and that as the fame, and the greatest Part of the adjacent Country, lies on a Stone, Sand, and Gravel Soil, and in Sherborne alone are kept upwards of Fifty Teams, the Roads may be repaired by less than the Statute Labour; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the placing Gates or Turnpikes at all the Avenues of the said Town, to collect Tolls, will tend greatly to injure the Trade and Fairs, and Markets of the fame' Town and will be a great OpprefTion on the Inhabitants thereof, and of the neighbouring Villages: And therefore praying the House to rake the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that, if the said Bill shall pass into a Law, no Power shall be given to erect Gates or Turnpikes on the Cross or By-roads or Ways leading to the said Town of Sherborne; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against such Part of the said hill, which empowers the creating such Gatefc or Turnpikes on the said Cross or By roads or Ways; or that they may be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as the Hjufe shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Top of a Hill, called White Sheet Hill, in the great Western Post Road, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the "town of Shafton otherwise Shaftesbury, Milborne Porte, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somersetr and from thence to a House, called or known by the Name of the Halfway House, situate in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition* if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee* That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time* in favour of the said Bill, against the fauL Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Maecles^ Levant field, in the County of Chester, was prefenred to the House, Tr&dc and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are largely* concerned in the Manufacturing of Raw Silk jpld Mohair Yarn, in which they employ several Thouiihd Hands but are greatly discouraged through theexcefiive Prices of those Goods, which of hue are not only advanced Orte*^ third, but are generally worse in Quality than they for-: merly were; and that the Petitioners apprehend it to be owing to an exclusive Grant to a Company of Merchants, trading to Turkey, who (in order to keep up their Priee$> import only small Quannties, and take up with the Kefufe' of the Marker* after the French are served; and alleging, that if the Trade to Turkey was laid open, the Pefi.toners appre-’ hend this Kingdom might be f.ipplied with these Com-' modifies, upon equal Terms with Branca, and in much greater Quantifies, and better in Quality, than at present; which would be of great Advantage not only to the Pe-’ titioners, but to Trade in general: And therefore praying,

That the Bill, which is ordered into this House, for ,en-' larging and regularing the Trade into the Levant Seas, may pass inro a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Pctiehn of the JusticCs, Clergy, and Freeholders, shepton whole Names are thereunto subscribed,-on behalf of them- Malet, see. fclver, and several other Persons, residing in or near, and Roaii*. frequently travelling through, the Road leading from But-well, through the Parishes of Butwell and Ca file Carey, to a certain Inn called Almsford, otherwise Ansftrd Inn, in the said Parish of Castle Carey, in the County of Somerset, was pretemed to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Road from Butwell, to the Almsford otherwise Ansfotd Inn aforesaid, is m a very ruinous Con-! dition, and cannot, by the*ordinary course of Law, be amended, and kept in Repair, without the Authority and Aid of Parliament; and alleging that, by the NegleCL or Overfighc, in drawing up the Petition for the Bill, which is ordered to be brought in, for repairing the Roads to and from the Towns of Shepton Malet, and Ivekbefter, in the said County of Somerset, the said Road leading from Butwell, to the Almsford otherwise Ansford Inn aforesaid, was omitted: And'thcrcfore praying. That the said Road from Butwell, to the Almsford, otherwise Ansford Inn aforesaid, may be added to che said Bill; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in che Premiles, as the House lb a 11 think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee.: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kerrys Tynte. Mr.

Martin, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wa'po'e, Mr. Gray, Sir CordA Firebrace, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Lyster, Sir Nathanael Cwzcn, Mr. Barrow, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Legit, Mr.

Ellis, Mr* Hay, Mr. Chester., Lord Digby, Colonel Stan-wix, Mr. Ycrke, Mr. tel!owes, Sir Francis Pock, Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Lewis, General Onslow,

General Oglethorpe, Colonel Acourt, Mr. John Yorke, Mr.

Neale, Sir Francis Drake, Sir William CcdringtLord Strange, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Lyttelton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Seme Jet, Wilts,

Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this

Afternoon

26 Geo. 1L 12 °Marliu &6i

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

OMstreet A Petition of the T ruftees, whose Names are thereunto

ko*l. subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the nth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Chu ch, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge, Heath over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middie/ex, was prdented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Goswell Street, through Old Street, in the Parish of St. Luke, in the County of Middlesex, to the Bridge over the Common Shore, which divides the said Parish of St. Luke from the Parish of Shoreditch, and from the said Bridge to Shoreditch Church, being a cross Road, lying between, and leading into, the Two great Northern Roads, through Islington and Stake Newington, but few of the Travellers and Carriages, patting upon the first-mentioned Road, ever come upon the Road leading through Hackney to Stanford Hill, or contribute any thing towards the Repair of the said last mentioned Road; and alleging, that the said first-mentioned Road'is in so ruinous a Condition, the Number of heavy Carriages continually patting thereon is so great; and the Situation and Circumstances of the said Road are suchs, that a much larger Sum of Money will be required to put the same into good Repair; and the keeping of it in such Repair, when amended, will be attended with a much greater annual Expence, that can be either advanced or defrayed out of the Tolls cullcded by virtue of the said Act; and if the said Trustees /hould be obliged to repair the said first-mentioned Road, as is desired by the Vicar, Churchwardens, Constables, Overseers of the Poor, Vef-trymen, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Giles without Cripplegate, London, and the Rector, Churchwardens, Constables, Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants of the Parish oi St. Luke, in the County of Middlesex; and also by the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, respectively, in their Petitions presented to the House, it will be impossible for the said Trustees to pay off the Money due upon the Credit of the said Act, and to keep the Road, now under their Management, in tolerable Repair; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that it cannot be thought reasonable that so great a Part of the Tolls, granted for the Repair of One Road, should be applied in amending another, with which it hath so littre Communication; or that the Persons travelling upon the former, should be obliged solely to defray the Expence of repairing the latter, when much the greatest Part of those, who are to contribute to such Expence, cannot derive therefrom any reciprocal Advantage: And therefore praying the House to take the Premifes into Consideration; and that they may be heard touching the Matters aforesaid before the Committee, to whom the said Petitions are referred.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petirion of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Constables, Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles without Cripplegate, London; and also of the Rector, Churchwardens, Constables, and Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other principal Parishioners and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear 10 them, to the House.

Barbnti'j,&Cv A Bill for naturalizing John David Barhutt, and For-Nai, tun at us Plant a, was read a Second time.

VOL4 26.

Resolved, Thdt the Bill be committed to Sir Pettr iThompfcn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Lifter, Mr Prowse, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Neale, Sir fVtrl. Calvert, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pitt, Mn ElliSi Lord Dupplin, Mr. Willey, Lord Digby, Mr. Forks, Colonel5 Stanwix, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sergiftn, Mr. GaJhiy, Mr. Duke,

Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Thornton,

Mr. Charlton, Sir John Barrington, Sir Bourchier Wreyi Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Willes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vaughan,

Lord Burleigh, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. John Torke, Sir Halter Blackett. Mr. Garth, Mr. Hardingc, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kent, Colonel Eliot, Colonel Leighton, Colonel Lee, Mr. Wodehouse. Mr;

Sandys, Lord Hillsborough, Colonel A court: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

' k vi V

Sir Francis Drake, according to Order* reported fronv0pcping the Committee of the whole House^xoVwhom the . Bill for Exete/Port opening the Port of Exeter, for jthe Importation of Whol, forlrish and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, was committed; The Wo°l-Amendments which the Commictee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BslJ, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by*one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingressrd.

The Lord Digby reported from the Committee, to whom white Sheet the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whole Hill, Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually Roads, travelling through, the Road leading from the First Cross Ways beyond the House called Lhe Drum, in the Great.

Post Road from Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, to Teovill, in the County of Somerset, down and through a Lane called Twinway Lane, into and across a Road called Bradford Road, and from thence into and through another Lane, called Horse Castle Lane, to a Bridge called West Bridge, in Sherborne aforesaid, and from thence to and through the Parish of Long Burton, and so strait on to the Bottom of an Hill called Revells Hill, in the Great Road from Sherborne to Dorchester, in the said County of Dorset, and likewise another Road leading from the new-built House of Samuel Wife, on the North Side of Sherborne aforesaid, to the Index or Directing Post on Milborne Cow Down, in the County of Somerset, and from thence to another Index or Directing Post in the Brewton Road, on Cattell Hill, in the Parish of Hatfpen, and from thence to a Place called Ansford Inn, in the same County, being the Great Road from Sherborne, to the Cities of Bristol and Bath; and also another Road, leading from the Angel Inn, in the Town of Shafton, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the said County of Dorset, to the Blacksmith's Shop in the said Town (late in the Occupation of one Charles Freke), and from thence to and through the Parish or Town of Gillingham, in the same County, and from thence to the Index or Directing Post at the Foot of Saltern Hill, in the Parish of Pen/elwcod, in the said County of Somerset, and in the Great Road to the Towns of Wincaunton and Brewton, in the same County; and also another Road leading from the House called the New Inn, in the Parish of Cann, in the said County of Dorset, to the Top of Melbury and Tollard White Sheet; was referred; That the Committee had exa,-mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had diceded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and after- wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Fowkes, being examined, said, That he know% all the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which jok* to Road intended to be repaired, by a Bill now depending

before

668 iV Mar 1753.

before the House, for widening the Road leading from the Top of a Hill called White Sheet Hill, in the Great Western Poll Road, in the Parish of Dcnbead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shafton, other-vf\ft Shaftsbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the said Counties of Dorset and Somerset, and from thence to a House called or known by the Name of the Half way House, situate in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset:

And that the Roads described in the Petition are extremely bad, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary courfeofLaw: And,

Mr. Matthew Merefield confirmed the aforesaid Evidence, so far as regards the Two Roads mentioned in the Petition, which lead from the Town of Sherborne.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Top of a Hill, called White Sheet Hill, in the Great Westejn Pott Road, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew,* the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shafton, otherwise Shafts bury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, and from thtrtce to a House called or known by the Name of the Halfway House, situate in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairingand widening the several Roads from the First Cross Ways beyond the House called The Drum, in the Great Poll Road from Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, to Teovill, in the County of Somerset, through Twinway Lane, across Bradford Road, and through Horse Castle Lane, to West Biidge, in Sherborne aforesaid, and through the Parish of Long Burton, to the Bottom of

...: Aevells Hill, in 1 he great Road from Sherborne to Dor-

defter, in the said County of Dorset; and also from the new-built House of Samuel Wife, on the North Side of Sherborne aforesaid, to the Directing Post on Milborne Cow Down, and to the Directing Post on Cattle Hill, in the Parish of Hatfpen, and to Ansford Inn, in the County of Somerset j and also from the Angel Inn, in the Town of Shafton otherwise Shafts bury, to the Blacksmith's Shop, in the same Town, late in the Occupation of Charles Freke, through the Parish or Town of Gillingham, in the County of Dorset, and to the Directing Post at the Bottom of Saltern Hill, in the Parish of Penfelwood, in the County of Somerset ’, and allb from the New Inn, in the Parish of Qann, in the County of Dorset, to the Top of Melbury and Tollard White Sheet.

FHinwe'ii A Bill for repairing and widening the Rosd leading

Vent Road. ffOm Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticeburst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Sir Whiftkr IVebJler, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaftov, Mr. Farrington, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Stan-wix, General Onslow, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kent, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Poore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Dow-defwell, Mr. Campbell, Mr Oswald, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cure, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Thornton,. Mr. Shelley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Neale, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Turner, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Saluflmy, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Ker, Sir Charles Mordamt, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hume; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surry, and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Str&tfield Sea Mr- John Pitt piefented to the :House, according to

Church. Order, a Billfor confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of Stratfield Sea, in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the fai^ Parish and to enable the said George Pitt, to

take down the prefenr, and erect a new Parish Church there, and for making Roads to the said Church: And che same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ker reported from the Committee, to whom the Edi&Wgh Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the Streets. City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves and the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

George Drummond Esquire, being examined, said, That* the Situation of Edinburgh subjeccs the Inhabitants thereof, and all Persons relbrting to the fame, to great Inconveniencies, and even Danger; that the Avenues to che City on the North, South, and West, are particularly inconvenient; that several People have been maimed, and forne (lain, in the Cowgale, which is the principal Entrance from the West:

That the Inhabitants have been obliged, for want of Room, to build their Houses to an immederare Height, and croud them so close, as to render the Streets, and Avenues of the said City, narrow, dirty, and inconvenient:'

That many publick Buildings are greatly wanted, particularly an Exchange, or Place of pubirck Reforc, for Merchants; a Place for the Commissioners to the Con-: vention of che Royal Burghs (who are obliged to assemble at Edinburgh once a Year); and a Hall for the Meeting of the Magistrates and Council of the said City:

That a proper Place is wanting to keep the Records Ot the Supreme Courts of Judicature, and other publick Archives, which at prefenc are liable to be destroyed by Fire; though all the Tide to Eftaces in that Part of the united Kingdom, intirely depend upon their Preservation: And the Witnefsgave an Instance of one of the Offices, where those Records are kept; being burnt within his Memory:

That a very considerable Number of Noblemen, Gen- tlemen, Burgefics, and others, fenfibie that the Town Revenues were insufficient to perform these necessary Works, have raised a voluntary Subscription for that Purpose; and have appointed Trustees for the Application of the fame:

That che Wicness himself was prefenc at the concerting of the Plan, and has seen many Subscriptions; that all Degrees of People have shewn a remarkable Forwardness in ftibfcribing; and the Direction of che Work is placed in the Hands of Persons of great Rank and Fortune, who have agreed to the present Application to Parliament, in order to obviate several Difficulties which obstrufl the Exe-cucionof thisDefign; che greatest of which is, that several Houses and Lands, needfiry to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, are vetted in Persons or Bodies Corporate, incapable of alienating the fame.

* Todd Esquire, confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Drummond, so far as relates ro the Inconveniences complained of, the general Utility of the Propofil, and the voluntary Subscription for carrying the same into Execution; and added, that himself was a Subscriber.

And several Members present confirmed to your Committee the Truth of the several Allegations in the Petition; and declared, that themselves were Subs^ibers for carrying the Design into Execution.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions: ’

Resolved, That it is the Opioion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully pFQyed the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, for erecting several publick Buildings in the City of Edin* burgh, ami to impowerthe Trustees therein mentioned to 1 6 purchase

26 Geo. II. 120 Mart it. 669

purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Pill for erecting fc veral publick Buildings, in the City of Edinburgh, and to impowei the Trustees, therein to be mentioned, to purchase Lands for that purpose; and also widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto: And that Mr. Ker, Mr. Oswald> and Mr. Fletcher, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Glasgow Colonel Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Corn mi (Boners of

Supply, and Heretors of the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton, and also the Petition Of the Freeholders, and other Heretors, of the County of Renfrew; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

George Drummond Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the several Roads mentioned in the said Petitions; which are very deep n some Places, and narrow and rugged in others; and in many Parts impassable for Wheel Carriages in Winter; and very dangerous for Travellers cn Horseback; and that the same cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Method appointed by Law for repairing the Highways in that Part of the united Kingdom:

That the said Roads are much frequented byTravellers; and if they were effectually amended, it would be a great Advantage to the Commerce of the Country, and facilitate the Marching of his Majesty's Troops.

Which Evidence was confirmed by several Members prefen t.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing several Road* leading into the City of Glasgow: And that Colonel Catnpbell, and Mr. Oswald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

End field, A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Wal-4c. Roads, tham Holy Cross, in the County of Essex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Aliddefex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in PFare, in the County of Hertford, and the ocher of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty *s Reign, for making the said Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty more effectual, and for amending the Road from the said great Bridge, to the South End of the great Bridge at Wades Mill\ and from the great Road at Chefbunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford, have, in pursuance of the Powers granted them by the said Act% erected a Turnpike near PValtbam Cross, in the said Parish of Chefbunt; by which, many Persons resorting to the Market at the Town of Waltham Abbey, in the County of Essex, are obliged to pay Toll for passing through a very small Part of the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts; which is very injurious to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and other Persons having occasion to pass and repass to and from the said Town: And therefore praying, That in the Bill, depending in the House, for continuing and giving further Powers to the said Trustees, Provision may be made to oblige the said Trustees to take away the said Turnpike, and for restraining the said 1 ruftees.. from erecting any other Turnpike at or near the said Town; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premifrs as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for conti-Von. :6.

nuing and giving further Powers to the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the'Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said great Bridge to the South End of the great Bridge at Wades Mill; and from the great Road at Chefbunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford, is committed.

Mr. Hope Weir reported from the Commirtee, to L>ingnouir, whom the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Commissioners &c. Roads, of Supply, and Heretors, of the Counties of Lanerk and Linlithgow, was referred; That the Committee had examined the iMatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

John frawfordE^vnct was examined; and said, That the High Road from Livingstoun, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Stratbaven, are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired and enlarged by the Methods prescribed by the Laws in being.

Which Evidence was confirmed by several Members present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Livingstoun, by the Kirk oiSbotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Stratbaven: And that Mr Hope Weir, and Mr. Oswald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Walter B/acket presented to the House, according Righiey to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the several through . Road9 leading from the Town of Kigbley, through Bing- Bin?lex ley and Bradford, and over Dudley Hill and IViJket Hill, Roa s* and through Adwolton to Wakefield, and from Kigbley aforesaid to Halifax and Ealand, and from Dudley Hill aforesaid, through Ecclesal, Pool, and Town of Leatbley, to Beckwithfhaw, and from Beckwitbfhaw to Kiliinghall, in the Way ro Ripen, and to the South West Corner of Harrowgate Inclosures, in the Way to Knaresborough; and more effectually to repair and widen the Roads from Leeds to Ha/lifax in Two several Branches through Bow ing and PVibfey, and through Bradford and Little Horton, to Hallifax aforesaid, and the Lanes called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, which branch out of and terminate in, the Two Branches aforesaid, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for building a Bridge over the River PFbarf, at Pool aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account, count of the neat Produce of the Duties of I s. 6d. im- Duties on posed on Muscovado Sugars, and 51. on White Sugars, exported from any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America to North America, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Burrell\ according to Order, reported from the Performance Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to fQuaran-oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the berter preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Illes of Guernsey, Jersey, /ilderney, Sark, or Man, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed hirn to report to the Hous:; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee ro the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 5. L. 6. being 8 II severally

Marti

Importation

ofCambricks.

Ways and Means.

Plundering

Shipwrteks.

Lobcomb Corner, Scc. Roads.

670 12° — 13

severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 5. L, 6. and also the subse-quene Amendments) as far as the Amendment in Fol. 6. L. 5. being severally read a Second time, Were postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the Taid Bill (except the laftof the said Amendments), being severally read a Second time, were,upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, relating to the Commencement of the Act, being read a Second time;

Several A mendments were iqade to the said Amendment.

And another Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding these Words, €< and shall continue in <c Force for the Space of Five Years, and from thence to <e the End of the next Session of Parliament."

And the Question being pur. That those Words be added to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment,' as amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Personswho were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, ffcfolve itfelfintothe said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

TheHouse resolved itfelfinto a Committee of thewhole House, upon the Bill for enforcing the Laws against Perform who shall Ileal or detain shipwrecked Goods; and for the Relief of Persons suffering Lottes thereby.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 130 die Martii;

Anno a6* Georgii IlJi Regis, 1753. Prayers.

MR. Bouverie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Saturn, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

4

A. 1753.

Sir James Lowther plelented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge, in the said County: And the same Was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Setond time.

A Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads leading from the Market Hoilfe in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, through Amble coat, to Jf ordjlcy Green Gate, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, and through the Parishes of Oldjwinford, Pedmore, Hagley, Clent, and Belbr ought on, to the Town of Bremfgrove, in the said County of Worcester, and through Oldjwinford and the Parish of Pedmore, to a Place, called Clap Gate, in the Parish of Hagley aforesaid, and through the Pari (lies of Oldjwinford and Pedmore aforesaid, to the Sign of the Crown at lverly Hill, in the Parish of Kinfare, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from Blake Down Poole, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Hales Owen, to the Cross of the Hands near Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Lyttelton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Colleton, Lord Barrington, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. West, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Cor del Fircbrate, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr, Berkeley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Wi/Jon, Sir Geo. Lyttelton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. WHkir.son, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Rufhout, Lord Strange, Mr. Potter, Colonel Eliot, Mr. Coxe, Commodore West, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Prowje, Sir Danvers Of-borne, Colonel Conway, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Willes, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Barrow, Mr. AJftcck, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Richards, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Gore, Mr Nor they, General Onslow, Mr. Earle, Sir Robert Burdett, Colonel Haldane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Bold, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Leigh, Sir Robert Burdett, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling a yearly Rent on the Rector of Pujey, in the County of Berks, and his Successors, in lieu of his Tythes and Part of his Glebe, and vesting the said Tythes and Glebe in John Allen Pujey Esquire, and his Heirs, is committed.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock \r\ Tut bury^ in the same County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Curzon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bond, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lane, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Turner, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Salufbury, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Chester, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Ycnge, Sir Wm. Irby, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Offley, Mr. Conolly, Colonel BoJ-cawen, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Rowney, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Barry, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Sir Charles Howard, Mr. Lev. Gower, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Wodehouse, jSir John Rushout, Colonel Lee, Mr. Crew, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir Charles Vernon, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Powney, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Digby, Mr. Arjr cott, Mr. War bur ton, Mr.' Vernon, Mr. Browne, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Neale, Colonel Leighton,

Mr.

B rough Roads.

Stourbridge, &c. Road*.

Tythe* of

Pusey

Rectory.

Afoby de la

Zouch

Road.

26 Geo. IL

13* Martiii 671

Mr Gore, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Burrell, Mr. La/cells, S\r Wm. Codrington, Sir ATm. Cd/-w/; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Warwick, and Stafford: And they are to meet tins Afrernoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Clumber.

Carlisle to A Bill ior repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, Workington ;n the County 01 Cumberland, to the Market and Sea-port Koad. Town of Vorkington, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Lozvtber, Mr. Wilkinjon, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Cooke, Mr. 'Earle, Mr. Obrien, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Willey, Mr. Colleton, \lr. Cocks, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. haem, Mr. Chester, Mr. Bayutun, Lord Bar-ington, Mr. Vyner, Lord Harley, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Ojjley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Coxe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Francis Dashwood, Lord Dupplin, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Drake, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Brand, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Geo. Bojcawen, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Brijlowe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Northey, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Finney, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, York, Durham, and Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

FeooF Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Justicf* the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by Gkrb. Clerks to Justices of the Peace: And that Sir Cordel Fire-brace, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Wilkinjon, do prepare, and biing in, the lame.

performance Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the ©oirantine adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Commit-tec of the whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the bet-tet preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, JerJcy, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Hou e resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report;

And the Amendments, which were Yesterday’postponed, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of thenr^agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Higkgateand

Hampiieid

Roads.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middljex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Earle, Mr. Eliot, Mr. West, Mr. Chester, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Wilkinjon, Lord llilljborough, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Hale, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Turner, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prottor, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Richard Lloyd, The Master of the Rolls, Colonel Abercrombie, Admiral Byng, Mr. Neale, Mr. Garth, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Poore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wtiles, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Turner, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Bold, Lord Strange, Mr. Lane, Mr. Lyttelton, Captain Saunders, Mr. Finch, Mr. Phillips, Colonel Stan-wix, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Willy, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Richards, Mr. Vaughan; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Fffex, Hertford, Cambridge, Surry, and Kent: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Vol. 26.

An ingrossed Bill, for opening the Port of Exeter, for Opening the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn* from foMriih^ Ireland, was read the Third time; wod;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill For enlarging the Term and Powers granted Durham by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Road, his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes,

Mr. Poore, Mr. Kynaston-, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Allgood, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Colonel Vane, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wijcn, Mr.

Thornbagh, Mr. Vane, Mr. Lambton, Sir Walter Blacket,

Mr. Ridley, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Ord, Mr. Cayley,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hay, Colonel Stanwix, General Handajyde, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Jennifon, Sir John Saville, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Alderman Bethell,

Mr. Alderman Janffen, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Legh, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Eliot, Mr.,

Newnham, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Hume. Mr. John Yorh,

Mr. Bond, Colonel Leighton, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Lane,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Robirjon, Mr. Curzon, Sir John Hinde Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland,

Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl Shel-for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry burned Will* late Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Potter,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. P)0wje% Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Salusbury, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Martin, Mr. Belchier,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Neale, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lyjler,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Whitworth, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Ker, Mr. Brijlowe, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Stuart, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Medlycott,

Mr. Lockyer, Sir Wm. Calvert, Colonel Stanwix, Mr.

Walpole, Colonel Eliot, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hume, Mr. Amy-and, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Layie, Mr. Thorn-bagb, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr, Cocks, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Lewis, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Barne, Mr. Beckford, Lord Dupplin, General Oglethorpe, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Trevanion, Sir Wm.

Courtney, Mr. Finch, Sir John Turner, Sir Wm. Codrington,

Mx.Sandys, Mr Gajhry, Mr. Phillipjon, Sir Conyers D'Arcy,

Lord Bateman, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Vernon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to Ealaiii whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Road, by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con- fideracion, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Sir

672 130 — 14° Martii. u4. 1753.

Botherup Sir William Codrington presented to the House, accord-Inclosure. ing ro Order, a Bill, for exchanging, dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands, Common Grounds, Pastures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Eastlech Martin, otherwise Boiberup, in the County of Gloucester; and for making a Recompence and Compensation to the Rector, in Lieu of his Tyches and Glebe Lands: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Queensferry, The Lord John Murray presented to the House, ac-&c. Road. cording to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth, to the £hteens-ferry, in the County of Fife: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

before this House, An Account of the Quantity of Cambricks imported and exported; and the Duties arising therefrom; from Christmas 1744, to Christmas 1752, distinguishing each Year.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Cam bricks before this House, An Account of the Number and Value

E^ortadon. she Bondsgiven from Christmas 1744, to Christmas 1752, on the Importation of Cambricks for Exportation; and the Number and Value of such Bonds as remain undercharged.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Silcfia Lawns before this House, An Account of the Silefta Lawns, and imported and Narrow Germany Linens, imported and exported; and the exporte Duties arising therefrom; from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1752; distinguishing each Year.

Levant Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Trade. Reading of the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve irfclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Neale reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to reportwhen the House will please to receive the same.

OrderedThat the Report be received upon Yhurfday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Bridlington the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for en- Piers. larging the Time, and continuing the Duties, granted by several Acts of Parliament, for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York, and for making the said Acts more effectual, was committed.

And the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, in FoJ. 8. L. 15, which, upon Friday Jaft, was read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereto, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera- Eafand tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand,to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

i he House proceeded to take the said Report infQ Consideration:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the '

House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Bounty on The Order of the Day being read, fdr the House to re-

bail Cloth, solve itself into a Committee of the’whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail Cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se-, vennight, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Slemean The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Mafcum. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Petition and Representation of cheTrustees appointed by Sir Hans Sloane Baronet, deceased; and of the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and Representation;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition and Representation, and Copies of the said Codicils.

Exportation The House, according to Order, resolved itfclfinto a of Wool from Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for per-Ireland. rnitting the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Pore in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neale took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mercuriiy 140 die Mar tii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, Chicbefor and Inhabitants, of the City of Chichester, and of the Workhouft Inhabitants of such Parts of the Parishes of St. Peter the Great, otherwise Subdeanry, St. Bartholomew, and St, Pan-crass, as lie without the Liberties of the said City; ajid also of the Inhabitants of the Clo/e within the said City; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that Doctor Henry King, and Doiflor Peter Gunning, Bishops of Chichester, did, in or about the Year 1664 and 1672, severally pay the respective Sums of 100 /. unto the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Chichester, to be by them employed in purchasing or eredlinga Workhouse, or Manufactory, to set the Poor of the said City to work; or, in case that could not be made practicable, then to be employed in some other such like charitable life, for the Poor, as the said Mayor, Liecoider, and Aldermen, or the major Part of them, should direct; and that, in order to perpetuate, and add to the said Charity, the Mayor,

Aldermen, and Citizens of the said City, did, by Indenture, dated on or about the 2ill Day of September 16S1, settle and convey a House, without the North Gate, called Cawley's Aims House, to be forever thereafter u/ed as a Work-house for the Poor; and also Two Fields (which are now* in Value about 400l.) to certain Persons in the said indenture named, and their Heirs; upon Condition, that j 2 they

z6 Geo. II.

14 " Martli.673

they should before the next Easter Term then to come, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in levy a Fine of the Premises; which Fine should enure to a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, and their Sue- Provisions, and Powers, as to the House shall feerri cefTbrs, for ever, upon speeial Trull and Confidence, that proper.

they d?e Paid Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, should, from Ordered, That this Paid Petition be referred to the

time to time, for ever thereafter, demise and let the said Con side ration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Lands by Lease, for any Term nor exceeding Twenty-one of the iMayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the Years; and, with the Rents and Profits thereof, should City of Chichester, is referred: And that they do examine for ever well and sufficiently repair and maintain the said the Matter of this Petition} and report the fame, as it House and Buildings, called Cawley's Alms House; and shall appear to them, to the Hbufe. rn case there should be any Surplus of the said Rents or

Profits, then to employ the same towards establishing a Ordered, That Mr. Yonge, Mr. Pbi/lipfon, Mr. Whit- Manufactory to set the Poor to work; and if that should worth, Sir Ken. Clayton, Mr. Willes, Mr. Hunt, be added Navigation* not be found practicable, then such Surplus was to be em- to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Com-ployed towards such other like publick charitable Use for pany of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering the Poor, as the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in ge* said City, or the major Part thereof (of whom the Mayor neral Court assembled, is referred, and Recorder to be Two) should appoint; and that, in

pursuance of the said Deed, a Fine was accordingly levied. Ordered, That Lord Strange, Mr. Chester, Colonel Grift En^dd, &c.

and the Conveyance inrolled at the Quarter Sessions; and fin, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Mack- Road* that the Parishes of St. Peter the Great, otherwise Subdeanry, worth. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Hume, Sir Charles Kemys St. Bartholomew, and St. Pancrafs, do not lie wholly within Tynte, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Northey, Mr. Per. Bertie, the Liberties of the said City; but if Provision was made Lord Bateman, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Lord Hobart, Mr. for the Employment and Maintenance of all the Poor Powney, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Drake, Mr. within the said Parishes, and the said City and Liberties Cooke, Mr. Nugoit, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Owen, Mr. thereof, in a general Workhouse, great Inconvenience and Thornton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Williams,

Trouble would be avoided, in making separate Rates; Mr. Knightley, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lowndes, General Ogle-and great Benefit would arifeto all the Inhabitants of the thorpe, Mr. Pye, Lord Wenfnan, Sir Nicholas Bayley, Sir said Parishes; that The Close is a Precinfl within the said Lynch Cotton, be added to the Committee, to whom the City, but, by a particular Charter of Privileges (long since Bill for continuing and giving further Powers to the obtained) is exempted out of the Jurisdiction of the Cor- Trustees for putting in Execution Two A As of Parlia-poration of the said City; and if Provision was also made ment, one of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor of the Majesty King George the First, and the other of the Sixth laid Close, in a general Workhouse, as aforesaid, the same Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing would be of great Ease and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the the Roads from the Parish of Enifield, in the County of said PrecinA 5 and alleging, That the said Almshouse Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the great might be made, at a small Expence, a general Workhouse, Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for for the Reception and Employment of the Poor within the amending the Road from the said great Bridge to the said City, and Liberties thereof, and also such Parts of the South End of the great Bridge at Wades Mill; and from said Parishes as are not wirhin the said Liberties, and also the great Road at Cheshunt to the West End of the said Close-, and that, if Power was given to apply the Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford, is Rents and Profits of the said Lands towards the Employ- committed, ment and Support of such Poor, in a general Workhouse,

or todispose of the said Lands, for enlarging and altering A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufac- levant the said Almshouse, for the Purpose aforesaid, and for flock- turers of the several Parishes of Rochdale, Bury, and Haft Trade, ing the feme with Utensils, and otherwise, the same would lingden, and of the Forest of Roffendale, in the County be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; and Liberties, and other Places aforesaid, and answer, in taking Notice, That Application has been made to the the most effectual manner, the pious Intentions of the said House by the Merchants of Bristol, for Leave to bring in Two benevolent and worthy Prelates; and that, as the a Bill for laying open the Trade to Turkey± and alleging,

Petition which hath been presented from the Petitioners, the that such a Bill will be of great Advantage, and increase Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the said the Exportation of Woollen Goods into those Parts:

City, to the House, in this present Session, relates to the And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring said City only; and the above Particulars not being set forth in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition in the said Petition, the Petitioners are advised, that a Bill from the City of Bristol.

cannot be brought in folly to answer the Petitioners Inter*- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, tion, which was, to obtain an Act for the more effectual

Employment and Support of the Poor of such Parts Of Lieutenant General Onslow reported from the Commit- Basingstone

the said Parishes as are not w ithin the Liberties of the said tee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads.

City, and also of the said Close, as well as of the Poor of Roads leading from a Place called Basingflcne, near the

the said City, and Liberties thereof: And further setting Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the

forth, That the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other County of Surry, through Frimley and Farnham, in the

Parts of the said City of Chichester, are not sufficiently en- same County, and from thence through Bentley, Holly-

lightened in the Night-time, so as to be safe and conve- horn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bifocps Sutton, New sll-

nient for Passengers, by rea/on there is no publick Fund resford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the

or Revenue to defray the Expence of enlightening the City of Winchefer, in the County of Southampton, was

fame; and further alleging, That if a Power be vested by committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle-

AA of Parliament in the Coporation of Guardians, or gations of the Bill, and found the faihe to be true; and

in such other Perfert or Persons as the House shall think that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

fit, for the better enlightening the Streets, to make a made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

Rate or Assessment upon every Inhabitant in the said City directed him to report to the House; and he read the

and Suburbs, not exceeding Theee Pence in the Pound, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

and foas that no Person shall be liable to pay the said Rate, tfitfi the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

who is not assessed to the Poor after the Rate of j/. ptr the Report was read.

-Annum or upwards, the same will contribute greatly to And several of the Amendments made by the Com-the Ornament of the said City, as well as to thd Comte- nhittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, nience of the several Inhabitants thereof; And therefore were, upon the Question ieveraWy put thereupon, #irh Vo L. 26. 8 1 an

Greenwich Poor, &c.

Manchester

Church.

574 t4* Mar tit. A. 1753.

an Amendment to (5ne of them, agreed td by the House.

Another Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Commitree, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Surveyors of the Highways, and other Inhabitants, of the Pari lb of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto fubl’cribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had direClcd him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act passed in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and also an Act passed in the 2d and 3d Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, were read: And,

Mr. John Everejl said, That the Streets of the said Parish are almoll wholly paved; and that the Parish contains about 1,500 Houses.

Mr. Samuel Driver said, That there has been Sixty-one Pounds a Year, for Six Years pad (communibus An-tiis) expended in paving the said Streets: That not above Forty of the Inhabitants do their Statute-work yearly: That there are many Poor people who do not pay: That the Money arising from the Forfeitures of those who do not perform their Statute-work, amounts to (One Year with another) about 1281, which, if the whole could be collected, would amount to upwards 400l.: That he knows these Fadls from the Books and Accounts which have passed through his Hands: And that the Highways within the said Parish are very ill paved, and are at present in a very bad Condition.

Mr, Hayward Baker said. That there are several Roads within the said Parish (exclusive of the Pavements) to repair which would amount to upwards of ico/. a Year to keep in Repair; and that the said Roads and Streets are in a very ruinous Condition, and very dirty in the Winter Season.

Mr. Hayward Baker, Mr. George Joade, and Mr. David MiDowell, severally said. That if there was a Power to raile an additional Rate of Sixpence in the Pound, for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, to be added to, and collected with, the Rate or Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, the said Rates would be collected with more Ease and Certainty, and less Expence to the Inhabitants.

And upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Boor in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of East Gn*;iwich, in the County of Kent; and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets thereof: And that Mr. Ellis, and Mr. Legge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Church within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaf-tery was committed, That the Committee had examined 6 th^. Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 9. L. 2. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 9. L. 2. being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Reporc be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Barlor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing Canswick, alias Watlafs Moory in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was referred; Thar, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Farmer was examined, and said, That the neared Way from a Place called the Five Ways, within the Parish of Birmingham, unto the Middle of the Town of Birmingham, and by much the greater Part of the Town, is through a Lane leading unto the Crtfs of the Hands near Birmingham, which is extremely narrow; and that if the Road from the Five Ways to the said Cross of the Hands, and from thence to New Street in Birmingham, being in Extent about 1,400 Yards, was effectually amended and widened, the same would be of great Advantage and Utility to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and others.

Ordered, That it be an Tnstruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, through Amble-coat, to Wordsley Green Gate, in the Parish of Kingswin-ford, in the County of Stafford, and through the Parities of Oldfwinford, Pedmore, Hagley, Clent, and Bel-broughton, to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, and through Oldfwinford and the Parish of Pedmore, to a Place called Clap Gate, in the Parish of Hagley aforesaid, and through the Parities of Oldfwinford and Pedmore aforesaid, to the Sign of the Crown at Iveriy Hill, in the Parish of Kinfare, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from Blake Down Poole, in the Parish of Kiuderminster, in the County of Worcester, through the Parities and low ns of Hagley and Hates Owen, to the Cross of the Hands near Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Five Ways near the Town of Birmingham, unto ij the

Watlafs

inclosure.

Stourbridge, See. Road*.

16 Geo. II. 140 Marti67$

the Cross of the Hands near the same Town, upon the Road between Birmingham and Oldbury, and from thence to "Ihe Sew Street in the same Town.

G’afgow Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Campbell, and Mr.

Muir, be added to the Gentlemen, who arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow.

Cubhington Mr. Nor they presented to the House, according toOr-

iacioiure. der, a Bill ior dividing and inclosing the several common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubhington, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dvf.ut Sir Henry Erskine reported from the Committee, to hafbeur. whom the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, rapped, or fold, within the Town of Dyfart and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Three hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the Paid Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of the faffl Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Whtre the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Banbury Mr. Willes reported from the Committee, to whom the Road. Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgefics, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

‘ To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Francis Edge said. That there is a very considerable Trade carried on in the said Borough, and has been a great Thoroughfare for Passengers who travel from London, through the Towns of Uxbridge, Ammersham, Wendover, Aylesbury, and Buckingham, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Birmingham; that there has been a free Communication from the said Town of Banbury with the several Towns aforesaid; but that now the great Road leading from the said Borough, by Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick, to Stratford upon Avon, is become so deep and founderous, that the same is very dangerous fur Horsemen, and almost iropafiable for Carriages, and, in some Places, so narrow, that Carriages cannoc pass each other without great Inconvenience and Danger; and that the same cannot be fuffkiently amended and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, in the County of Oxford, to the House called 7be Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hilly in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. WiUes, and Sir Henry Erskine, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Bo/loa, kc. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Small Debts, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, VoL. 26.

within the Borough of Bofion and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Bofion and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

Fhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leicester^ for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in &c*Road-the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act Quennington for dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the in<dolure. Lands in the Common Fields, Common Grounds, Pasture or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open in the Parish of Qucnningtcn, in the County of Gloucester% without any Amendment.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Papists allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills F>ceds* made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers*

Devisees and Lessees: And that Mr. Fazakerley, and Mr.

KynafioHy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for reducing the j^umberof Directors of the Cor- South Sea poration of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Company. Great Britain, trading to the South Seasy and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fishery, and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Prefemtion Amendment and Preservation of the publick Roads of this of Highways. Kingdom; and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reto: And that the Lord Strange, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Fazakerly, Mr. Thornton, Mr. John Bitty Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of Standing the House, made upon the 12th Day of March 1752, Order relatThat in all future Bills for Acts of Parliament, for the fi"ation of <c erecting or continuing any Turnpike, a Clause be in- Commissionferted to prevent any Person, who shall be nominated ers of Roads. <c a Commissioner, from acting or voting in the Business " of the said Turnpike, unless he shall be possessed of an cc Estate in Land, or a personal Estate, to such certain " Value as shall be specined in such Bills/’ might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That in all future Bills for Acts of Parliament for the erecting or continuing any Turnpike, a Clause be inserted to prevent any Person who shall be nominated a Commissioner, from acting or voting in the Business of the said Turnpike, unlef3 he shall be possessed of, or be Heir apparent of a Person possessed of, an Estate in Land, or be possessed of a personal Estate, to such certain Value as shall be specified in such Bills.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the said Order be made a Standing Order of this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hdufe Supply* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty*

Ordered, That the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Northumberland, by virtue of an Act passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the City of Carlifie to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, (which was presented to the House upon Monday the 19th Day of February last, and was then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered,

6^6 14° — 15° Martii. 1753.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Cumberland, by virtue of an Act, palfrd the last Session of Parliament, for making and keeping in Repair, a Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tym> (which was presented to the House upon fuefday the 20th Day of February last, and was then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, Copy of the Second Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of John lkved-dell Gentleman, Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle ^upon-Ayne^ so far as the same relates to, or concerns, that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Northumberland) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, 1753 — Copy of the several Acts and Proceedings of the Commissioners and Trustees, and also the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of George Pattifon Gentleman, Treasurer to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town of New-taflle*-upon-Tyne, so far as the same relates to, or concerns, that Part of the said Road which lied in the County of Cumberland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, The Commissioners for (he County of Northumberland) for making a Road from Carlisle to Newcastle — Account with Giflingham Cooper 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, The Commissioners for the County of Cumberland) for making a Road from Carlisle to Newcastle — Account with Giflingham Cooper 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Civil Efiablifihment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia) and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Surrender of the Charter to his Majesty by the late Trustees,on the 24th of June 1752, to the 24th of June 1753, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what has been done towards erecting the Fort at Annamaboay by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, together with the Plan of the said Fort, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

» Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Plundering Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Shipwrecks, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall deal or detain (hipwrecked

Goods, and for the Relief of Persons differing Lottes i

thereby.

Mr. Cooke reported from <he Committee, to whom Paddington the Bill for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Clwrch-yad. Paddington, in the County of Middlesex) was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their fconsent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Report was read. '

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Martii;

tin

ilM.

Anno 26° Georgii IIJ1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

SI R Bourchier Wrey reported from the Committee, to Aldcrfgaif whom the Petition of the Owners of Houses ana Church. Lands, within the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, and the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants; of the said Parish was referred \

That th^ Committee had examined the Matter of ch£ said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame^ as it appeared to them, to die House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foF loweth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Benjamin Drayton, Vestry Clerk, said, That the Church is very ancieut, and much out of Repair; and that the Owners of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, together with the Parishioners, are desirous to contribute to the Repair thereof.

Mr. Robert Henfhaw confirmed Mr. Drayton's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en* able the Owners of Houses and Lands in the Parish of St. Botolph Aldersgate, in the City of London, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple be* longing to the said Parish: And that Sir Bourchier IVrey,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fbornbagh, and Mr. Hardirtge% do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for widening $nd repairing the High IldrlnpSykt Road leading from lieiring Sykey which divides the Coun- Road, ties of Lancaster and Westmorland, through the Towtf of Kirkby in Kendal, and from thence to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29. L. 31. To leave out cc May," and insert " June1*

Pr. 30. L. 19. To leave out cc May" and insert

" June."

Pr. 33. L. 3. To leave out " May" and insert " June"

P«V

hi

Geo. II.

15° Mar tit.

6 77

Tythe* of Pusey RwO tary.

Keighley to Kirkby Ken dill Road.

Pr. 38. L. 26. After €t Shilling M to infeTt €% and Six " Pence."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended arthe Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of JLan-casier and IVeJimorland, to the Town of Kirkby in Ken-da/, and front the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shapp, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County of IVeJhncrland.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Talbot reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrorted Bill from the Lords, inritukd, An Act for settling ay earl v Renton the Re<5fcor of Pujey, in the Coumy -of Berks, and his Successors, in lieu of his Tythes and Part of his Glrbe, and vesting the said Tythes and Glebe in John ylllen Pusey Klquire, and his Heirs, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given thrir Confe/vt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 1 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the ^Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Traders, Farmer*, and other Inhabitants, of Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmodand: And also,

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen* Clergy, Farmers, and others. Inhabitants in the County of York and West-worland-,

« Were severally prefemed to the House, and read} fc-verally alleging. That the High Roads leading from Keighley, in the County of York, to Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, for Repair whereof Application has been made to the House, are, in Parr, amended, and may be throughout effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary course appointed by the Laws; and t'lat, if a Bill should pals, for Repair of the said Roads, it will subject: the Pethirners, and other Inhabitants, to an unne-ccssary E.xpence, and will be extremely burthensome and detrimental to the Farmers and Traders in the Towns and other Places on and near the said Roads: And therefore proving. That the Petitioners may be

Second rime, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

Then the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Or- Hinton der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, open, In<*lofure. and arable Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet of Hinton, in the Parish of Woodford cum Mem-br ’ts, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second rime.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tt> Corn Bounty; resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, residing in that Part of the Sea Coast, in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough of King's Lynn, and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County} and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Namea are subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants or Exporters of Corn from the City of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, in order to be exported at the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the said County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are there-to subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Merchantsand Exporters of Corn, residing at the Borough and Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from the Port of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk\ were severally referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Yownfhend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Yown/bendreported from the Coimnittee, That they heard by their Counsel, against ary Bill for erecting had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him '» a Turnpike for the Repair of the said Roads. to report, when the House will please to receive the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie fame, upon the I abic, until the Bill for repairing, amending. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow and widening the Road from Keighley. in the West Riding Morning, of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendall, in the County of // ejlmorl&nd, be read a Second time.

whom the Bill for naturalizing John David Bar butt and Fortumtus Planta, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply^ Barb \ c. b Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

kJ' c’ , r reported from die Committee, to ro consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

7 the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to

report to the House; which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Cqrv*

/) j j *t~l l j /> 1 " ttrissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Ybftnes,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- County of Surry, to maintain the said Bridge, and to permittee, to whom the Bill for building a new Church with- form the other Trusts reposed in them, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Lar.cester,was committed, be now read: That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be

And the said Order being read accordingly; granted to his Majesty towards laying out, making and

r Tu "0U'C re*urae^ Consideration of the keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of

fold Report. Troops, and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the

f *?U’li-Amendment mad<; by the Committee to the Town of Tyne.

3K ill, m Fol. 9, L. 5, which was Yesterday read a Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee*

Vol; 26. ... ' 8 K That

Wancbe/lcr

Church.

African

Company.

Levant

Trade.

Henniker's Losses in XVhale Fishery,

Keighley to Kirkby Kendal Roads.

678 15 ° — 16° Martii. 1753.

.That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred Thirty-two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon account for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Surrender of the Charter to his Majesty by the late Truttecs, on the 24th 0(June 1752, to the 24th of June 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards building a Fort at Anna-maboa, and the Maintenance and Support of that and other British Forts and Settlements upon the Coastof Africa, to be applied in such manner as his Majesty shall think proper.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made; and the Question was proposed, That it be referred to a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Trade to Africa,

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put 5

It pasted in the Negative.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants Qf England, trading to the Levant Seas, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That in the Bill now depending before the House, for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, there are several Clauses, which, should they pafsinto a Law as they now stand, will deprive the Petitioners of several of the Privileges granted by their Charter, very much affect them in their Properties, endanger the Ruin of their Establishment in Turkey, and greatly distress, if not occasion the total Loss of, the Turkey Trade to this Nation: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Clauses in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Petitioners for the said Bill to be heard at the same time, by themselves, or Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to conGder of the Petition of John Henniker, Henry Bird the Elder, Henry Bird the Younger, and Conrad Lang, of London, Merchants, with the Certificates, and all other Papers relating to the fitting out, in March last, by the said Petitioners, Four Ships, called the Sword Fish, Merry Jacks, Neptune, and Resolution, for the Whale Fiftiery, in the Greenland Seas.

Ordered, That Captain John Brownell do attend the said Committee at the same time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of West mor land;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, ^Farmers, and other Inhabitants, in the County of York and WtftmoreUmd, against the Bill, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard 5 and examined several Witncfics in Support of che Allegations :of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined a Witness in favour of the said Bill against the

Petition.

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made; and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f fd D . } 37.

9 I Colonel Stanwix: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Watson, Lord Dawne, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir Thomas Hates, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Finch, Mr. . Wiifon, Sir Francis Drake, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cayley, Mr.

Which cot. Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bayntun, Mr,

Bacon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lafcellos. General Onslow, Mr. Richards, Mr. Martin, Mr. NewnbamSir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hill, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Fell owes,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Shelley,

Mr. Nugent, General Oglethorpe j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Westmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Exportation whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting the Expor- of Wool from tation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port Jrcian<^ in Ireland to any Port in Great Britain, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Rafingftoa* from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and Road*, widening the Roads leading from a Place called Bajing-stone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windle*

sham, in the County of Surry, through Flimley and Farn-bam, in the same County, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroWf Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Martii \

Anno z6° Georgii IP* Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

SI R Richard Warwick Bampfylde presented to the Devon House, according to Order, a Bill for raffing a Sum County Gaol, of Money, by a County Rate, for erecting or purchasing a proper Prison for Debtors, in the County of Devon:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Basingstone adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- Roads' mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlefham, in the County of Surry, through Frimley and Farnbam, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Holy-born, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the

i6 Geo. II. i 6° Martii 679.

City of Wtneheftev, in the County of Southampton was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.*

And the Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, which, upon Wednesday last, was read a Second time, but was not then agreed to, was upon the Question put thereupon, with several Amendments thereto, agreed to by the House.

'The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

TytVet of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

PolcjfRcdory settling a yearly Rent on the Rector of Pujey, in the County of Berks, and his Successors, in lieu of his Tythes and Part of his Glebe, and veiling the said Tythes and Glebe in John Allen Pujey Esquire, and his Heirs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Talbot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Watlafi An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing Canjwick,

hdofme. alias If atlajs Moor, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L. 36. Before "per" to insert " Pounds."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing Canjwick, alias Watlafs Moor, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Barbor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

PaddTigton An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Church-yard of the

Chwdi-yaid. Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Doncaffer A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, and travelling on, the Road from Ferrybridge to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the.House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is ordered to be brought into the House to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Fenybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wet her by, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York; and alleging, That the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless an additional Duty be laid oh Coals, and a Toll laid on Carriages and Horses loaden with Lime: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for laying such a Duty on Coals, and on Lime, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

‘And.it is referred to Mr Thornton, Mr. Alderman Bethel7, Mr. Hay, Mr. Dowdejzvell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. WU-\ol. $6.

Jon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Belcbier, Sir William Calvert, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Which cot. Sir Francis Brake, Mr. Lyjier,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Thornbaghy Mr. Wilkinjon, General Oglethorpe, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Fernon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. War bur ton,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Walpole, Mr. West, Mr. Prowje, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Richards, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Bond-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland\ Cumberland, Westmor-lattd, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the better securing to Constables, Constable» and others, the Charges of conveying Offenders to Gaol; Charges, and for allowing the Charges of Persons who are to give Evidence against Felons; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; directing, That, within the County of Middlesex, the Expences of conveying Persons to Gaol shall be paid by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where such Persons are apprehended:

And the said Clause was thrice read 5 and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 6. After €< shall," to insert tf upon Oath."

L. 7. To leave out<f Charges,"and insert "Expences."

L. 9. After " forthwith," to insert without Fee or Reward.*'

L. 28. After "any" to insert "poor;" and, in the same Line, to leave out " cither."

L. 29. To Leave out "or voluntarily."

L. 33. After " Prayer," to insert " and on the " Oath."

L. 35. After 4C Circumstances," to insert " in 41 open Court."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better securing to Constables the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer, and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Small*! Sale of an undivided Share of Tythes, in the Jfte of Wight, Estate, settled on John Foyle Small, Mary Small his W ife, and John Small their Son, an Infant; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchaseof an Estate, in the County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize John James Schweigbau- Schwelgh-Jer, and David Girard, was read the Third time. aufcr^&c.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Ntt-An Act to naturalize John James Schweigbaujer, and David Girard\

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Hackney an Act, made in the 1 ith Year of his present Majesty's Roa4. Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from

6 Shoreditch

6So

16° Ma.

a:

17 5 3

Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at End, in the County of Middlesex, was

read a Second time.

Resolved, Thatche Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tracy, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr/ Bayntun, Mr. Thijiletbwayte, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Potter, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fonereau, Colonel Leighton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Wilson, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Gr*y, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hale, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. 2V&, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. B.obtnfon, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Barber, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Whichcot, General Oglethorpe, Sir /Fw. Calvert, Mr. i Hard'mge, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Medlycott, General Q»- Mr. Lewis, General St. Clair, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Fellowes, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Affleck, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Alderman Betbell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Richards, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Bcuverie, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bond, Mr. Clavell\ Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Williams; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of . Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

King’s Bench , Sir William Calvert reported from the Committe ap-PriTon. pointed to enquire into the State of the King's Bench» prison, and of the Office of the Marshal of the Marfialjea of the Court of King's Bench; and to report the fame, as it > ftfouid appear to them, to the House; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and h^d directed him to report; a State of the Matters to them referred, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together wirh> an; Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

The said Report and Appendix are as followeth; viz.

It appeared by the concurrent Testimony of Mr. Steers and Mr. Poulteney, Surveyors, That the said Prifori is in a very decayed Condition, and extremely insecure for the safe-keeping of Prisoners 5 and that it ought to be rebuilt — No-body would repair it, the Expence would be so great:

That the Tide flows frequently Two Feet in the Yard of the Prison; and that the Apartments for the Prisoners, on the common Side* are below the Surface of the Ground.

Mx. William Soame confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Steers and Mr. Poulteney; and added. That not long-ago he observed, that in Two Rooms, in che upper Part of the Prifori, on the common Side, the Water appeared to be Two Feet high j and that, at lead, Four People lay in each Room, that did not exceed 7 Feet by 6.

John Ashton Esquire, the prefenc MarfHal, said, That of lace 1,200 Feet of the Prison Wall is blown down; and that the Whole is much cracked, and in Danger of falling; which obliges him to keep the Prisoners more closely confined than usual.

The Reverend Do6lor Howard said, That the greatest Distress he ever saw in his Life was in this Prison: That the common Side is most deplorable, and the Masters Side very bad, and that the Cells in Newgate are more comfortable:

, That he visited a Tick Woman.on the common Side the lad Year; and in his Opinion (he wanted Air more than than any thing: That the Maftef is willing:to afford all the Relief in his Power; and that, finee. a Lazaret was_ built, it is of great Benefit to the Prisoners, who are removed thither whfcn Tick.

Mr. Isaac Stap'eton, Surgeon, said, He had, by Appointment, condantly attended the Prisoners on the com* men Sideior 20 Years; and that scarce ever a Summer

passes without an Infectious Didemper there; which, the Witness said, he attributed to the great Number of Per- ‘ Tons being obliged to lie together in small Rooms, and to the common Sewer flowing into their Rooms:

That, in the Opinion of the Witness, the Marshal is a Man of great Humanity; and he has often heard the Prisoners say as much; and that as far as in his Power, no care is wanting to relieve their Distresses; but, in the present State of the Prison, it is impossible:

That the Mader’s Side, as well as the common Side* is so extremely close, that, whenever any infedlious Distemper happens there, 'tis very difficult to remove; and that the Sick on the Mader’s Side suffer extremely for want of a Person (killed in Physick appointed to attend ‘ them, as on the common Side. — In Confirmation of the foregoing Evidence,

Mr. Charles Moore, a Turnkey of the Prison,. said. That, on the common Side, great Part of the Rooms where the Prisoners lie are sometimes a Foot and a half under Water:

That he had known 18 or 19, and at this time 16 or 17, Persons lie in one Room, that does net exceed 16 Feet by 16, and not 12 Feet high; and that the Beds dand so ciofe together (in each of which 3 or Persons lie) that they have but just room to turn round in their several Apartments; and that the whole Building is so de-, cayed, that the Rain frequently comes in at the Roof; of which frequent Complaints have been made by the Prisoners to the Marshal; and they have been relieved as far as has been in his Power.

Mr. John Chapman, Under-marshal, said, He had knowm the Prison between 20 and 30 Years; and he confirmed* the Evidence given by Mr. Moore.

Then the Committee enquired into the Office of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench; and it appeared.

That King Jamest the id, by Letters Patent, dated the 15th Day of May, in the 14th Year of his Reign* granted to Sir William Smith Knight, the aforesaid Office,* to hold to him, his Heirs and Assigns, to be exercised by him or themselves, or sufficient Deputy or Deputies, for ever; and also granted to him all Fees and Profits belonging to the said Office, together with the Custody of the Prison, and of the Prisoners committed, and to be committed there:

That by Indenture, dated the 26th June 1618, reciting the aforesaid Letters Patent, the said Sir William Smith declared his Name to be used therein, in Trust for Sir David Wood; and he and Sir David Wood did thereby grant the said Office to Sir Edward Gorges and others, in Fee-simple, subject to a Proviso for making void the fame, on Payment of 1,100/ as therein is mentioned:

That by Deed-poll, dated 27 th June 1618, the said Sir William Smith, by Direction of Sir David Wood, released to the said Sir Edward Gorges, and others, the aforesaid Proviso, and all Equity of Redemption in the aforesaid Office;

That by Indenture, dated the 30th March 1630, reciting, that the aforesaid 1,100l. had been duly paid, the said Sir Edward Gorges and others, at the Requestof Sir Henry Wood, Brother and Heir of the said Sir David Wood, re-granted the Office to David Wood, Son and Heir apparent to the said Sir David Wood, in Fee;

That by Indenture, dated the i6ch of May 1631, in Consideration of 1,550L paid and secured to the said David Wood, and 1,100l. to be paid to him, as therein and herein after is mentioned, the said David Wood granted the said Office to Sir John Roaje, in Fee, under a Proviso, to be void if the said Sir John Roaje did not pay to the said David Wood, 1,100l. at a certain Day’ therein mentioned:

That by Indenture, dated the 10th of May 1632, the said David Wood ackaowleged to have received the said‘ i,ioo/. and released to Sir John Roaje, and his Heirs, the Proviso contained in the last mentioned Indenture: That by Indenture, dated the 24th of June 1669; re-5 citing,

16° Martii

26 Geo. II.


citing, that the Inheritance of the said Office was vested in Sir John Roafe and his Heirs, in Trust, for Sir John Lenthall and his Heirs, Sir "Thomas Roafe, Son and Heir of the said Sir John Roafe, in plirfuance of a Decree in Chancery, pronounced the 13 th of May 166$, granted the said Office to William Lenthall, Son and Heir of Edward Lenthall, who was Son and Heir of the said Sir John Lenthall, to hold to the said William Lenthall, in Tail Male; with Remainder to Thomas Lenthall, in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Daughters of Sir John Lenthall, in Fee:

That by Indenture, dated the 2 2d of October 1669, William Lenthall granted the said Office to Samuel Keek, in Fee, to make him Tenanc to the Precipe, in order to fuffdr a common Recovery;

Which Recovery was accordingly suffered in Michael-aw Term 1669, wherein Sir John Rowley was Demandant, and the said Samel Keek Tenant, and the said William Lenthall Vouchee:

That by Indenture, dated the 14th November 1670, the said Recovery wai declared to be to the Use of the said William Lenthall, in Fee:

That by Indenture, dated the 10th of August 1671, William Lenthall settled the Profits of the Office, in Trust, for himself,' for Life; then to pay Lucy his Wife 600l. fer Annum' for her Life; then, in Trust, for the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lucy, by the said William Lenthall to be begotten; and for want of such Issue, then, upon Trust, for the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William Lenthall; and, for want of such Issue, in Trust, for the right Heirs of the said William Lenthall: That by Indenture, dated the 4th of February 1684, the said William Lenthall) for securing the Sum of 10,000 A and Interest, at 5/. 10s. per Centum per Annum, mortgaged the Manor of Latcbford and Great Hafeley, in the county of 1 Oxot, and the Profits of the said Office, to Sir John Cutler's TrusteeS, therein named; and Lenthall covenanted, that he and his Weirs should (land seised of the Inheritance and Fee-simpleof the said Office, subject to the Payment of the said 10,000l. and Interest:

That Sir John «Cutler died the 15th of April 1693, having made his Will, and appointed Mr. Edmund Boulter Executor thereof:

That, for the better securing the aforesaid Debt due to Mr. Boulter, as Executor of the said Sir John Cutler, art Act passed in the 8 th and 9th Years of King Willimn the Third; wherein is a Proviso and Clause in the following Words; viz Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice, impeach, 44 or lessen any Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money, made or given by or out of the said Office of Marshal of the Msrfhalfea of the Court of King's Bench, or the Profits thereof, by William Lenthall Esquire to Sir John Cutler Baronet, deceased, 44 or to Edmund Boulter Esquire, Executor of the said Sir John Cutler, or to any other Person or" Persons, in Trust for them, or either of them, or to subject the said Office, or the Profits thereof, or the Person or Persons in whom the same are or shall be vested, to any of the Forfeitures or Penalties in this Act contained, 44 other than fuc}i as they are or may be liable unro before the making of this Act, until such Sum or Sums of Money, secured thereby, shall be fully satisfied and! <c paid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary 4C thereof notwithstanding: And be it further enacted, 4< by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Depu- tation or Deputations, Grant or Grants, at any time heretofore made or executed by William Lenthall 4t Esquire, of the said Office of Marshal of the Marshal-4C sea of the said Court of King’s Bench, is and are hereby declared void and of noneEffcft; and that all and every succceding Marshal shall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be constitoted and appointed by the said William Lenthall, his Heirs and Assigns, by and with the Consent in Writing, under the Hand and Seal of Edmund Boulter Esquire, his Executors, AcU Vol. 26.

681

44 ministrators, and Assigns, until the Debt owing by King's B&riefc the said William Lenthall, to the said Edmund Boulter, Prison; '

44 Executor of Sir John Cutler Baronet, deceased, be satisfied:"

That by an Account, stated and figried by William Lenthall, the 19th of June 1*97, it appeared. That there was then due on the aforesaid Mortgage, to the said Mr.’

Botdter, as Executor to the said Sir John Cutler, the Sum of 18,001 A 19s. id.

And by Deed-poll, written under the said Account,

William Lenthall covenanted, that the Sum of 18,001 A.

19s. id. with Interest for the fame, from the 29th of Mdy then last, at 5 A 10 s. fer Centum per Annum, should from thenceforth (land charged on the said mortgaged Premises:

That by an Account, figried by the said William Lenthall the 26th June 1700, there appeared to be then due from him, and secured on the said mortgaged Premises, the Sum of 20,438A 10 s. 6\d.:

That it appeared, by a Recital on the Deed of the 20th September 1718, herein after mentioned, That the said Edmund Boulter, on the 3d of August 1699, assigned the aforesaid Mortgage and mortgaged Premises to the Right Honourable Charles Bodtil/e, Earl of Radnor:

That by Deed-poll, dated the 17th January 1700, in pursuance of the aforesaid Act of Parliament, and by Consent of the Earl of Radnor, the said William Lenthall granted the said Office to Nicholas Westy in Fee, in Trust^ for the said Lenthall and his Heirs; and, in Trust, that Mr. West should, with Lord Radnor's Consent, appoint a Person to execute the Office of Marshal, and should, in like manner, appoint all interior Officers to the said Office belonging, without further Order from Lenthall^ the aforesaid Debt should be paid:

That by Indenture, dated 20th September 1718, reciting the aforesaid Account, stated between Lenthall and Lord Radnor, on the 26th June 1700, whereby there appeared to be due, on the 14th of that Month, 20,438/. jos. 6f d. and reciting, that the aforesaid Estates, called'

Latcbford and Great Hafeley, had been fold, pursuant to Two Acts of Parliament, for 8,700l.; and that 1,100 A had been paid for the Renewal of the Lease of Hafeley^ which reduced the Purchase*money to 7,600l.; and that 7,600l. being deducted from what was due to the Earl of Radnor on the 14th April 1708, reduced the same to 17,209/. 4J*. id.; and also reciting, that by another Account, bearing even Date with this Deed, there appeared to remain due to the said Earl the Sum of 19,284 /. 2 s.

4 d. which then flood a-Charge upon the Office only; and also reciting, that the said Earl had agreed to assigni to Joseph Studley the said Debt of 19,284/. 2s. 4 d. and the Securities for thfe fame; the said Earl, in Consideration of a competent Sum of Money, did accordingly assign the said Debt of 19,2841. 2 s. 4 d. and all Securities for the fame, and all his Lordship’s Interest in the aforesaid Office* unto the* said Joseph Studley, his Executors* Administrators, and Assigns:

That the Consideration of the said Asignment was 10,500l. as appeared by a Receipt or Acquittance, un<-der the Hand and Seal of the said Earl of Radnor, in the Words following; viz.

44 I, the Right Honourable Charles Bodville, Earl of Radnor, do hereby acknowledge, That I have, this Twentieth Day of September 1718, received of Joseph Studley of London, Gentleman, the Sum of 10,500l. 1

41 of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Confide;- ration of and for my assigning to him, by an Indenture;

44 bearing equal Date herewith, and made, or expressed to be made, between me the said Earl of the one Part;

44 and the said Joseph Studley and Hall Loader and John Allen, of London, Gentlemen, of the other Part; the Debts remaining due to me upon several Securities made by William Lenthall Esquire, deceased, to Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet, deceased, and secured by the Office of Marshal of th tMarJhalfea of the King’s 44 Bench (the Consideration of which Assignment is, in

S L " she

68l i69 Martii. 1755.

ng’sBench u the said Indenture* mentioned to be a competent Sum Pnlbn. of Money paid by him the said Joseph Studley to me); €€ and therefore off and from the said Consideration-c money, and every Part thereof, and all Demands concerning the same, I do hereby acquit and discharge the €t said Jtfeph Studley. Witness my Hand the Day and il Year above said,

Witness, Radnor "

" James Blytbman,

<c John Martin,

" Wm. Bally "

That by Indenture, dated loth September 1718, reciting, That Nicholas West had, by Indenture dated 15th June 1703, granted the aforesaid Office to Howel Meredith and his Heirs, to the Use of the said Nicholas West and Howel Meredith, and their Heirs, as Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Earl of Radnor had agreed with Mr. Studley for the absolute Sale and Alignment to him of the Earl’s Debt on the said Office, and of the Securities for the fame; and that the Earl had aligned the Debt to Mr. Studley- the said Nicholas Westy and Howel Meredith (by Direction of the Earl, and at the Nomination of Mr. Studley) granted the said Office unto and to the U fe of, Thomas Cox and Joseph Hilditchy and their Heirs, in Trust, for the Heirs of the said William Lenthall; and also, upon Trust, that they the said Cox and Hi!ditcht until the aforesaid Debt should be satisfied, should, with the Consent of Mr. Studley y his Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, under Hand and Seal, and not otherwise, appoint some Person to execute the Office of Marshal; and in like manner should appoint the under Officers belonging to the said Office:

That by Indenture, dated 25th February 1720, the said Joseph Hilditchy who survived Mr, Cox, his Co-Trustee, by Directions of Mr. Studley, granted the said Office to Richard Welman and Oliver Allen, and their Heirs, upon the Trulls aforesaid:

That by Indenture dated 17th February 1726, the said Richard Welman (Mr. Allen and his Co-Trustee being dead) by Direction of Mr. Studley, granted the said Office to John Willdey and James Slann> and their Heirs, upon the Trulls aforesaid:

That by Indenture, dated 25th May 1739, James Slann (Mr. Willdey his Co-Trustee being dead) by Direction of Mr. Studley, granted the said Office to Ebenezar Blackwell and Jonathan Battijhill, and their Heirs, upon the Trulls aforesaid:

That by Indenture, dated the 28th January 1743, reciting, that Mr. Studley was dead, having made his Will, and appointed Mr. John Langmore his Executor, the said Ebenezar Blackwell and Jonathan Battijhill, by Direction of Mr. Langmore, granted the aforesaid Office to John Black-Welly to hold to him and his Heirs, to the Use of the said Ebenezar Blackwell and John Blackwell, and their Heirs, upon the Trusts aforesaid:

That by Indenture, dated 12th March 1746, reciting, that John Blackwell was then going abroad beyond the Seas, the said Ebenezar Blackwell and John Blackwelly by the Direction of Mr. Langmore, granted the said Office to James Blackwelly to hold to the said James Blackwell and his Heirs, to the Use of the said Ebenezar Blackwell and James Blackwelly and their Heirs, upon the Trulls aforesaid.

And by an Account delivered in by the said Ebenezar Blackwell (which Account is annexed N° 1.) it appears, that there is due on the Mortgage of the said Office, for Principal and Interest, to the first Day of February in-stanr,after all Deductions, the Sum of 30,397/. 3s, ^d.t Which Debt of 30,397/. js. 3d. is now claimed by the following Persons, in the following Shares and Proportions i viz.

Twentieth Parts.

Thomas Martin Esquire - - 8

John Martin Esquire - - - 4

Twentieth Parts. Thomas and John Martin Esqtiires, in Trust, under the Will of Edward Bowman - - - 4,

Mr. John Ijangmorey as Executor, in Ttuft, under the Will ofiMr. Joseph Studley - -

Mr. John Ldngmore Half a Share in his own Right 11 Mrs. Ann Birchs Half a Share by Assigntnent from > t Mr. Langmore - - - \)

Mr. Ebenezar Blackwell - - a

20

And Mr. Blackwell being asked, what those Shares fold for some time ago ? He said, That Four Shares were fold for 1,35b/. Two of which he bought himself: And being alked, if, at the time he purchased, there was not Money in hand to be divided ? he said* there was not: «-That there was indeed aTipftaff's Place then vacant, which was fold for 70/.; and that another Place, soon . after the Purchase, became vacant, which was fold for 625 /. y upon Account of which, and Rents, 180/. had been divided on those Four Shares: And being required. to inform your Committee, if those Four Shares would have fold for so much, if there had not been a Certainty of large Dividends ? he said, he believed they would; for that the Officer, whose Place was (old for 625/. was then alive.

And the Mortgagees having, by Order of your Committee, laid before them an annual Account of the clear Profits of the said Office, ever since the 20th of September 1718, it thereby appeared, that the neat Profits of the said Office, from the said 20th of September 1718, to the last Day of Hillary Term 1752, amounted, in the whole,! to the Surh of 18,690/. 16s. 6d. (which Account is an*. nexed N# 2.)

And your Committee have computed, that if the pre--sent Mortgagees should be allowed the 10,500l. paid by Mr. Studley 20th September 1718, together with Interest for the fame, at 5 per Centum per Annum, to thf first Day of February 1753, stating the said Account at tri-i ennial Rests from the Year 1718, the Balance then will be 8,208/. 12s. 3 d. and if the said Account is taken.' without Rests, at the same Rare of Interest to the 20th of September 1753, the Balance will then be 10,184/. 4* 3^* Then the said

John Ashton Esquire informed your Committee, That, he was appointed Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court' of King’s Bench, by the aforesaid Mortgagees, with the Approbation of the Court of King’s Bench: That he1 holds his Office by Lease granted for Seven Years, which will expire at Michaelmas 1754, at 500l. per Annum Rent, and to pay all Taxes:

That the Poor’s Rate, for upwards of 50 Years, had' been no more than 8/. per Annum; but that Rate only had been advanced the last Year to 50 /.

That the Officers under him are a Deputy-Marshal, a Chaplain, Clerk of the Papers, Clerk or the Day Rules,* and Four Tipstaffs; but that he does not appoint any of them, the Mortgagees having the foie Power of appointing Officers:

That the Tipstaffs had refused to comply with his Orders, to perform what he apprehended to be Parc of their Duty (which was to attend him with Prisoners to Guildford at the Quarter Sessions, in order to their being dischargcdjinpursuance of the late Act for discharging insolvent Debtors: That he had never complained of it to the Judges, but to cheTipftaffs themselveshe then complained; who answered him, that they were appointed by the Mortgagees, and not subject to his Controul:

That he believes the Debts owing by the whole Number of Prisoners amounted to 20,000/; and chat onePerson, now a Prisoner, owes between 3 and 4,000l.; and that he gives no Security to any one for the safe-keeping of his Prisoners, nor do the Tipstaffs give any Security to him; yet he apprehends, if a Prisoner should escape, he is* accountable for the Debt:

-That

26 Geo. II.

683

That he is under Contraft with the Mortgagees, to fre- Grants from the tvtortgagees, by which they hold their king’s Bertc% pair the Prifori during the time he is Marshal, and has" frespective Offices j and informed your Committee of the Pri&iu'

been at Expence every Year upon that Account; but that different Sums paid for the same; and said they claim a the whole Building is at present so rotten, it is impossible Right to dispose thereof, and are willing to resign their itihould (land long, said Offices eti Re-payment of their Purchase-money.

Then Lawrence Cottom Esquire, Clerk of the Day Mr. Henry Jordan Deputy- M sir shall Mr, Edward

Rules, Mr. William1 Carter, Mr. Francis Carter, Mr. MorJe> Clerk of the Papers, and Mr. John Moretom fbomaSt and Mr. Richard Elftone, Tipstaffs belonging Chaplain, informed your Committee, That they hold to the said Office, laid before your Committee the several their respective Places by Grants from the Mortgagees.

o

o

r

APPENDIX

Vol. 46.

'5.

o' to

°B

APPENDIX, N* I.

THE Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea, on account of the Mortgage from William Esquire, deceased, to Sir John Cutter Knight and' Baronet, also deceased*

on

oo

4*

D

CQ

n‘

CD

Q_

O"

O

o

eg

FT

1697, May 29. 169S,

A'pril3 c.

H

a <-w

£ d-

To principal Money then stated and agreed to - 1 $,ooi 19 1

To Interest thereof to this Day, being 336 Days, at 5 per Cent, per Annum - - - 91 y 8 8

To Disbursements during this Account; viz.

For Taxes, including the last Payment of the

4 s. Aid - - - - 8102

An Arrearof Tythe to the last Dean of Guem-fey's Executors - - - 5100

To Sundries due last Lady-day; viz. £. s. d\

A Year’s Tythe for Lacbford - - 11 o o Salary to Thomas Latham for the

lame time - -- - 10 00 A Year’s Rent to the Dean and

Canons of Windsor - - - 44 18 8

A Quarter’s Allowance for the Militia JHorse - -- -100

----- 66 18 8

Repairs during this Account - - - 24 3 5

Law Charges; viz. £. s. d.

To Mr. Rampaine - - - 84 06

Mr. Hardifty - -- --27 00

Mr Jodrell .-----1270

Mr. Burrough -----216 6

Mr. Webb - -- -120

AttheHouseof Commons - - 1 12 4

----- 128 18 4

Incident Charges - - - 68 a 1 if

Dr

£. s.

18,913 7 9

19,288

1697,

Latchford

By Fines this Year from Gilbert Jackfott . William Cox - William Hinton John Cowper John French -

1698, By Wood fold this Year for March 25. By Half a Year's Rent due for Hajeley

Latchford

574 *3 *1

3l

£- S. d.

- 232 O 6

102 O 1

- 20 O O

- 60 O O

2 O' O

- 6 IO O

- 3 O O

1 t id 00 6

102 0 1

April 30. Balance due from Mr. Lentball, over and abore all Sums of Money paid to and for him, by the Right Honourable the Earl of Radnor - - -: -

L ed. 334 o 7

9.1 10 o

6 15 <*’

33P ’5 7

763 1. a

OV-

/O*

1'

i-; i ~3k

TV. B. This Account was made up, and-signeci bjt William Lentball Esquire, a6th Jutif 1J06.

*n.

S»

Crf

THB

O

r

p

ON

THE Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea,

1698, L * d-

April $0. To Balance of last Account, principal Mpney 18,525 o if

1699,

May 29. To Interest thereof to this Day, being One

Year and 29 Days, at j£.per Cent. - - 1,099 6

To Money advanced to Mr. Lenthall.^ by Simon Folks Esquire, at sundry Times, from 28th July, to 13th January 1698, as/>erNote - - - - £. 569 6 6

To Interest thereof to the 29th May 1699, as allowed and paid to Mr, Folks - 36 1 7

To further Payments by Mr. Folks, from 13th January 1698, to 29th Afoy 1699

605 8 1

51 2 10

To the Earl of Radnor's Note of Disbursements for, and on account of, Mr, Lenthall -

co 1699,

g May 29. To Balance then due; viz.

Principal Money Interest -

£. 19,217 1$

- 566 12 O

Dictmler 14. To Interest of 19,227/. i6r. 5$. to this Day, being 199 Day9,

at .5 il. per Ctntumftr Annum -

I-

Dr.

£ s. d. 19,624 16 h

656 10 11 8a 7 9

29,363 14 6

19.794 8 Si 576 ii j

20,370 19 101

By neat ..Profits of Hafeley and Latchford, for; the Time of this Account -By Mr. Taylor's Deposit on this Account

£ s. d.

469 6 1

100 o o

1699,

May 29. Balance due to the said Earl from Mr. Lenthall viz.

Principal Money, due 30th April 1698 £. 18,525 o if

Ditto - - - advanced by Mr. Folks

during this Account - - - 620 9 ,4

Ditto - - - for his Lordship's Disburse-

ments, as per Contra - - - - 82 7 o

Interest

19,227 16 5f 566 12 o

N. B. This Account was made up, and signed, by William Lenthall Esquire, 26 June 1700.

By neat Profits of Hafeley and Latchford, for the Time of xhis Account -

December 14. Balance due to the said Earl of Radnor; viz.

Principal Money - - £ 19,227 16 5!

Interest - - - 91267!

N. B. This Account was made up and signed by William Lenthall Esquire, 26th June 1700.

Cr.

£ 569 6

J.

1

19-794 8 5I

20,363 14 6\

430 16 9f

20,140 3 1

20,370 19 lof

ON

O

fa

O

Os

O

|s

I.

r*.

os

00

<jr\

JP

s’w " 3

p

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

0

eg

ft

f wT

g 00

3

o

THE Office of Marshal of the Marshalfed.

1699,

December 14. To Balance; v/z. Principal Money

Interest:

1700,

14.

£ ' d

- 19,227 16 5-i

- 912 6 7?

To Six Months Interest of 19,227 /. 16 j. j£</. at 5 £ Ctot/. /er Annum....

1707, ^pr;/ 14.

1708, April 14.

1708,

pr/7 14.

To Balance; v/z. Principal Money -Interest

.19,227 16 51

- 5>*!3 5

To a Year’s Interest of the said Principal, at j £ per Cent.

To Balance of last Account, the Rents and Profits received from Great Hajeley and Latchford, and £* 7*500 received by Sale thereof, being included in that Account - -

To Costs of the Suit in Chancery, in order to foreclose the Equity of Redemption of the Mortgages -To Charges of Two Acts of Parliament for Sale of Great Hajeley and Latchford -

1706,

August 20. Paid in Part of the Arrears of the Duke o (Leeds Fee farm Rent of 22 /. 10 s. per Annum -....

1707>

December 24. Paid on account of D®. - - - £. 50 o o

January 7. Paid on account of D* - - - 20 o o

Paid for Repairs from 1.3th May 1706, to the 14th April 1708, during Part of the time that Mr. Broughton was Marshal To petty Disbursements at Law during that time To Mr, Greenaway, for Law Charges - -

Dr.

20,140 3

24,44! 1 1,057 10

25,498 12

17,209 4 60 o

d.

5* *5 31

20,668 18 4I

200 o o

80 o o

70 o o

44S 17 I 15 10 o 30 o o

18,113 II 2

1700, May 8.

June 14.

By the Produce of Great Hajeley and Latchford, from nth December last to this Day, in case the Remainders of the last Lady

day Rents be fully answered....

Balance due to the Earl, over and besides all Contingencies in Rent Arrears, as above 5 viz. £. S. d.

Principal Money ----- 19,227 16 j£ Interest - - - - 1,210 14 1

1708, April 14.

N B. This Account was made up arid- figried by William Lenlhall Esquire, the 26th June 1700* £.

Received from the Rents of Great Hajeley and Latchford for the ‘l ime of this Account - - £ 789 7

By the Purchase Money of Great Hajeley and Latchford, sold by Act of Parliament, over and' above the Fine to the Dean and Canons of WindJor,foi renewing the Lease of Hajeley - 7*500 o o

1708, April 14*

Balance due on the Profits of the Queen's Bench Prison, and is to be accounted principal Money, the Interest hitherto being cleared out of the Receipts above -

c

Received by the Profits of the Office of Marshal, from 25th December 1700, to the 17th April 1701, during the time that Mr. Gunibert was Marshal -Received by D° from 1 lth April 1701, ro nth November 1703 during the time that Mr. Sutton was Marshal Received by D° from 11th November 1703, to the 2jd May 1706, during the time that Mr. Southward was Marshal Received by D° of Mr. Broughton, Marshal, who agreed to pay £. 500 per Annum, clear of Taxes* from 15th May 17*36, to 14th April 1708, including Seven Terms -

Balance due to the Earl of Radnor - . -

Cr.

£- s. d. 230 7 10

20,438 10 6\

20,668 18 4f

8,289 7 11

x7*:09 4 1

25,498 12 o

OS

CO

Os

Os

o

1.

200 4 6

5CO o o

8co o o

87j o 0 15*738 6 8

Lfel'j? J 52

X

W

Vol. 6,

P

cn

THE Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea.

1703,

April 14. To Balance brought down - -

To Interest thereof from that time to the 23d September 1718, being 10 Years, 3 Months, and 71 Days, at 5 I per Centum To Law Charges from 14th April 1708, to 6th February 1712, being the Remainder of the time that Mr. Broughton was Marshal -

To Repairs during that time -

June 3. Paid in full for the Duke of Leeds's Fee-farm Rent, to Michaelmas

1705 - -

Novem. 12. paid in full for D°. - - - - to Lady-day

1708 ——

1710»

May 20. Paid on account of the Duke of Leeds's Fee-farm Rent

Paid for Repairs from 6th February 1712, to 10th, February 1715, during the time that Mr. Cooke was Marshal -Paid on account of the Land Tax, during that time -Paid for Repairs from 10th February 1715, to 23d September 1718, during the time that Captain Crawford was Marshal To the Land Tax and Trophy Money, from the 10th February 1715, to Lady-day 1718 - -

To Law Charges since 10th February 1715 To Half a Year’s Land Tax to Michaelmas 1718 To the Duke of Leedsx for his Fee-farm Rent, to Lady day 1716 -

Dr. ' ' ' Cr.

I- s. 15,738 6 8 Received by the Profits of the Office of Marshal, from the 4th April . 1- s. d.

9,035 5 10 1708, to 6th February 1712, being the Remainder of the time that Mr. Broughton was Marshal - - - 2,455 0 0

14 10 6 416 15 8 Received by D° - - - from Mr. Cooke y from 6th February 1712, to 10th February 1715, during the time that he was Marshal 1,320 6 10

74 O O 48 OO 20 0 0 Received by D° - - - from Captain Crawford, then Marshal, from 10th February 1715, to 23d September 1718>. including 10 Terms, at the Rate of 700l. per Annum -Received upon the Deputations, and other inferior Officers, belonging to the Kings Bench Prison, during the rime the Earl of Radnor had been in the Pofiession of the Profits thereof 1,750 0 0 1,485 0 0

128 7 6 17a 14 8 163 2 9 263 13 9 36 6 10 1718, Sept. 23. Balance due to the Earl of Radnor; Principal 15,738 6 8 Interest - 3,545 15 8 £ 19,284 2 4 26,294 9 2

52 10 0 130 15 0 26,294 9 2 N. B. This Account was signed by my Lord Radnor, the 20th of Septemb 1718.

x

w

o\

00

H

x 5*


a6 GEO.IL 16* Martii.

TH

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

r>

1718, £ s- d-

September 23. To Principal, as by last: Account - 15.738 8

Interest - 1.....3,545 *5 8

To Interest of 15,738/. 6s. 8d. from 23d September 1718, till 23d September 1727, being 9 Years, at 5/. ioj. per Centum per Annum -

, To Money paid for Taxes, Repairs, and other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1.718, to Trinity Term 1719 To Money paid for Taxes, Repairs, enlarging the _Rules1 and other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1719, to Trinity Term 1720 -, -

To Money paid for Taxes, Repairs, Insurance against Fire, and other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1720, to Trinity Term 1721 -

To Money paid for Taxes, Repairs, arid other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1721, to Michaelmas Term 1722, being Five Terms - - - - -

To Money paidc, several Workmens Bills, during the time Mr.

Macben was Marshal, and other Expences -.To Money paid for Repairs, Land Tax, Law Charges* surveying the Prison, and other Expences, from Hilary Term 1724, 10 Michaelmas Term 1726, being Eight Terms , -To Money paid for Land Tax, Commissioners of Sewers Tax, repairing the Vault in the Garden next the Sewer, and other Expences, from Michaelmas Term 1726, to Trinity Term 1727,; being Three Terms - - - -» -

H

S

pi

Ji

E Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea.

Dr. Cf.

£ £. d.

19,(284 2 4 By Money received of David Crawford Esquire, Marshal, for Rene, from Michaelmas Term 1718, to Hilary Term 1721, being 14 Terms - -- -- - 2,450 0 0

7,790 8 9 By Money received upon Deputations granted to Tipflaffs and other inferior Officers belonging to the Prison, from Michaelmas Term 1718, to Hilary Term 1721 293 0

244 .19 0 By Money received of Richard Machen Esquire, Marshal, for Rent from Easter Term 1722, to 1724, being the whole time he was Marshal - -- - - -- 1,924 7 6

289 7 8 / 169 16 8, By Money received upon Deputations granted to the Clerk of the Papers, Tipflaffs, and other inferior Officers, belonging to the Prison, from Easter Term 1722, to 1724, being the whole time that Mr- Machen was Marshal -By Money received of Richard Mullens Esquire, Marshal, for Rent, from Hilary Term 1724 to Michaelmas Term 1726, being Eight Terms ----- 8.61 0 0 1,400 0 0

191 1 6 17j 18 8 By Money received upon Deputations granted to Tipflaffs and.other inferior Officers belonging to the Prison, from Hilary Term 1724, to Michaelmas Term 1726 99 'S 0

674 I I By Money received of Richard Mullens Esquire, Marshai, for Rent, from Michaelmas Terra 1726, till the End of Trinity Term 1727, being 3 Terms - - - - -By Money received on account of the Office of Clerk of the Papers 17*7» # \ # £ d. September 23, By principal Money remaining due - - 15*738 6 8 Interest - - - * 5,623 9 10 525 0 0

-123 3 4 30 0 0 21,361 16 6

28,944 I9 O 28,944 >9 0

N. B. Copies of all the foregoing Accounts were delivered to the Matter of the Kings Bench Office, pursuant toa Rule of that Court made in Easter Term 1726; whereby it was referred to the said Master to examine and certify what the Debt due to the , i. Mortgagees amounted to j and after such Examination the said Matter, by his Report made in Hilary Term 1727, certified, that there appeared to b* due the above mentioned Sum ef 16/t t

16° Marin.

Vol. 26.

THE Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea.

i7*7t £> s. d

September 73. To Balance oflaft Account; viz. Principal - 15,738 6 8

inctrcft - 5*623 9 10

To Interest of 15,738/. 6 s. id. from the 18th September 1727, to the 28th November 1729 (the last Day of Michaelmas Term) being 2 Years and 7 c Days, at 5 \ per Centum -To Money paid for Land Tax, Common Sewas, Insurance Money, L*w Charges, and other F.xpences, from the Beginning of Michaelmas Term 1727, to the End of 'Trinity Term 1728, being Four Terms -

To Money paid for Land Tax, Common Sewers, and other Expences, from the Beginning of Michaelmas Term 1728, to the End of Trinity Term 1729, being Terms -To Money paid for Land Tax, and other Diflburfcments, for Michaelmas Term 1729

*7?9\ . '£. * A

November 28, To Balance of last Account; viz. Principal - *$>73% 6 8

Interest - 6,210 18 6

By Money received of Richard Mullens Esqtiire, Marshal, for Rent, from the Beginning of Micbaemas Term 1727, to the F.nd of Trinity Term 1728, being Four Terms -By Money received upon Deputations, from Michaelmas Term 1727, to Trinity Term 1728 By Money received of Richard Mullens Esquire, Marshal, for Rent, from the Beginning of Michaelmas Term 1728, to the F.nd of Trinity Term 1729, being Four Terms -

By Money received of Ditto for Rent, from MUbaelmas Term l7*9....

17*9>

November 28. Balance due; viz. Principal

L

I £.7 3a

s. d. 6 8

c*.

£ S. i

700 0 0

57 15 0

700 0 0

>75 0 0

Os

Q

tn

O

o

i73f.-

February 1%. To Interest of 15,738/. 8 principal Money, from 28th

November 1729, to this Day, being 2 Years and 3 Months, at 5/. 10 $ per Centum -

To Cash paid for Taxes Repairs, and other F.xpences, from the End of Michaelmas Term 1729, to the End of Hilary Term 1731, being 9 Terms -

*734*

February 28. To Interest of 15,738/. 6s. 8 from 28th February 1731, to this Day, being 3 Years -ToCafh paid for Taxes, Repairs, surveying the Prison.and other Expences, from the End of Hilary Term 1731, to the Enc of Hilary Term 1734, being 12 Terms -

*737»

February 2%. To Interest of 15.738/. 6s. from 28 th 17*4, to

this Day, being 3 T ears - -

21,949 5 2

1,947 12 4

317 >5

2,596 16

39* 7

Interest - 6,210 18 6 *>.949 S

L 23,581 0 2

>731, February 28. By Cash received of Richard Mullens Esquire, for Rent, from the last Day of Michaelmas Term 1729, to this Day, being 9 Terms - -- 1 t ,40a 0 0

Ov


7

2,596 16 6


By D" received upon Deputations, being granted to inferior Officers during the time above mentioned -

>734.

February 28. By D° received of Richard Mullens Esquire, for Rent, from the last Day of Hilary Term 1731, to this Day, being 12 Terms -

By D* received upon Deputations, being granted to inferior Officets outing the time last above-mentioned -

>737.

February 28. By D° received of Richard Mullens Esquire, for Renr, from the last Day of Hilary Yerm 1734, to this Day, being 12 Terms -By D* received upon Deputations, being granted to inferior Officers during the time last above mentioned - -

>74%

February 28. By D° received of Richard Mullens Esquire, for Rent, from the

last Day of fii/rftjTerm 1737, to this Day, being 12 Terms -

126 q o

1,8oo o o

94 10 o

1,800 o o

8400.

t t

t,?oo o o

C*\

CO

'O

— , v>*

? «j

3

ry

D

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o§

FT

1740, February 28.

1743’

February 28,

1746, February 28.

1747,

i75°»

February 28.

*7J2, 'Match of 2.

o

To CaHi pfcid for find Tax and other Expences, from th<?End of Hilary Term 1734, co the-End of Hilary Term 1737, being 12 Terms - -

To Interest of i$\j38/. fijv &*/. from 28th February 1737* to this Day, being 3 Years

To Cash paid for Taxes, Repairs, surveying the Prison, and to

» Firemen, and other Expences, from the End of Hilary Term 1737, co the End of Hilary Term 3740, being 12 Terms -

To Interest of 15,738/. 6s. 8d from 28th February >7*0, to this Day, being 3 Years -

To Cash ^aid for Land Tax, Insurance, and other Expences, from the End of Hilary lerm 1740, to the End of Hilary Term 1743, being 12 Terms -

To Interest of 15,738 I 6 s. 8 d. from 28th February 1743, to this Day, being Three Years - -

To Cash paid for Land Tax, Law Charges, and othe?r Expences, from the End of Hilary Term 1743, to this Day

To Interest of 15,738/. 6s. 8d. from 28th February 1746, to this Day, being Years - *- - -

To Cash paid for Land Tax and other Expences, from the j 2th May 1747, to this Day -

To a Year’s Interest of 15,738 /. 6/ 8 d- from 28th February 1756, co 28th February 1752, N. S.

To D9 - - of D* - - from aSth February

1752, to i lfh March 1753

To Caflh paid for Land Tax and other Expences, from the 1 2th jVL&cb 1752, to the id February 1753 -

D'

*31 1 0

2,596 16 6

7*« 17 8

2,596 16 6

397 3 4

2,596 16 6

483 18 10

3 >46* 8 8

43* 9 1

43*35° I 5

865 12 2

44»*»J >3 7

865 12 2

87 13 '8'

45,168 9 5 t

»743> February 28.

*747» June 27.

October 21.

1751,

July 12.

'75*. Manb 12*

A&y lit

By D* received upon Deputations, being granted to inferior Officers during the time I aft above-mentioned -

By Cash received of Richard Mu'lens Esquire, for Rent, from the last Dav of Hilary Term 1740, to this Day, being 12 Terms By D° received on a Depuration being grant'd of the Office of the Clerk of the Papers -

By D* received of Richard Mxllens Esquire, and Mr. Henry B o'vn his Surety, for Rent, trom the last Day of Hilary Term 1743, to the 12th May lust, being the Day of Mr. Mu! ens's Death

By D° received on a Deputation being granred of the Office of Deputy Marshal -

By D* received of John /Ifli’on Esquire, Marll1.1l, for Rem, from the 12th May, to the End of Easter Term Jail

By D# received of him more for Rent, from the End of Easter Term 1747, to the End of Hilary Term 1750, being 15' T erms - -

By D° received on Deputations being granted to inferior Officers, from 12th May 1747, to this Day -

By an Error in the DT. Side of last Account, being 5 Days Interest overcharged; viz. from the 18ch, instead of the 23d, of September 1727- -

By Cash received of Jchn /IJhtcn Esquire, Marshal-, for Rent, from the End of Hilary Term 1750, to the End of Hilary Term 1751, being Terms -

C'.

By Balance

2»3 5 a

1,800 a 0

3° 0 0

2,872 11 8

250 0 0-

*7 8

1.&75 0 a

1,087 4 0

H.*59 9 0

r 1 !-7 2

14,271 16 z

5°° 0 0

14-771 16 r»

3°»397 3 3

45,168 19 5

os

NO

O

o

ui

i6 Geo. IL

I 66 M

A P P E N D I Xj N°

THE Office of Marshal of the Marshaljed.

First Day of Rafter Tefm 1719 By D° of a Tipstaff

1720

Deduct for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences

17a r

fey D* of the TipftaiF

Dedndt for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences

1722

By D° of the Tipstaff -

Deduct for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences

>7*3

By D° of the Clerk of the Day Rules By D1 of the Tipstaff

Deduct for Repairs and other Expences

- 260 o

- 31 to

1724 -

Bv DJ of Mr. Diggs, Ck*rk of the Papers, in Part By D’ of him more, in Part

By Cash received on account of Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term, to the First Day of Hilary Term 1724 r

By D° received of Richard Machert, in full

By D° of Richard Mullens (Marshal) for Rent, to the First Day of Easter Tertm 1725 .

By D° of Mr. Skyllinge, Chamberlain -

By D° of Mr. Diggs, Clerk of the Papers, in Part

the L s. d:

- 350 0 0

m 230 0 0

D°

700 0 0

444 10 4

D*

- 700 0 0

3« 10 0

£ 73« 10 0

- 189 0 0

D"

- 700 0 0

- 3l 1° 0

£ 731 10 0

- 231 l7 6

D*

- 697 to 0

d.

0

0

291 IO 0

L 989 0 0

*75 9 4

D*

- 555 O 0

- 3’-5 O 0

3* IO 0

580 o o 91 17 6

- - - *75 O O

- - - - 3» IO O

- - - - 150 O O

£ 1,028 7 6

- . - 3* 6 4

Deduct for Expences

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Termu to the First Day of Michaelmas Term, 1725 -

By D° of Draper, the Tipstaff By D° of Robotlom, Tipstaff By D° of Beil, Chaplain - -

Dedud for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expence*

£ d-

- 31 10 o

- 31 10 o .550

5*5

o 0

50

By D° of the Tipstaff

Deduct for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term X7a7, to D'

£ 593 5 0

166 7 9

*75 O 0

31 IP 0

£ 906 10 0

509 6 2

1728

VOL. 26.

7OO

o o

691

cr.

£-.*. i.

580 o q

255

542 10 o

499 12 6

813 10 8

901 10 o

996 I 4

416 17 i

397 3 10 Bjr

King’s Bench Prison.

#92

16° Martii.

King’s Bench By Cash received of Mr Digges, on Account Frifon. By D° of the 1 ipftaff

By D° of the Clerk of the Papers -

Deduct for Land Tax. Repairs, and othei Expences

« . / / s. d.

- - - 30 & 0

- - - '5 *5 G

- - - 42 0 0

A. 1753.

C\

1729

c du& for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences

1730

By D* of a Tipstaff -

J7 3*

Deduct for Land Tax and other Expences

Dedcift for Land Tax and other Expences

1732

By D° of the TipftalF -By D° of D" -

By D° of the Deputy Marshal; -

Dcdcr6f for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences

S7 >5 0

7«7 5 0

- 191 0 0

r

- yco 0 0

- U9. 5 6

r

- 7co O 0

- IO 0

r IO 0

- >75 *9 8:

y

- 6j5 0 O,

- 69 8 3

- 600 0 0

- 3‘ IO 0

- 3l 10 0

- 3i IO 0

c. 694 IO P L

- 172 8 O

596 r5 a

580 14* G

555 10 4

55S 11 9

5 22 2 a

173 9

Ry D° of the Tipstaff -By D° of D° -

1734

Dedttd for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences -

Dedudl for Land Tax and other Expences

1735

By D° of the Tipstaff -

*736

L737

Deduct for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences

Dedtid for Land Tax and other Expences

By D° of the Chaplain - v By D° of the Clerk of the Papers

Dedu£t for thp Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Etjl-tr Term 1737 to D

*738, ‘ - - ': '

Bya'lipftaff - - r fi

Deduct for Land Tax and other Expences

/ - - 600 0 d

- - 3* 10 0 ‘

.» 3* id 0

£ 663 , 0 0

- - 192 5

*7J3» to Da

- - 600 0 0

- - 3? 8 6

1734, to D.a -S 1

- 600 0 0

- - 3l 10 0

/. !0 O

~ - 100 H

17 3 S» to D*

- - 6co a 0

- *7 4 6

,73^» to D°

- - 600 0 0

/ s. d.

’ 5 5 0

- 47 5 0 5* 10 0

X-:

632 ! 0 0

97 16 O

*737. to D*

- - 600 O O

- 3' IO 9

L- 631 IO C

' - 66 0 6

470 15 o

_560 fi 6

470 15 ir

..S3*. *5 6

554 :4 O

26 Geo. IX*

x Martii

fiy Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Term 1738,to D" 17-9 . .

Dedud Land Tax and other Expences -

By Calli received for Rent, from the First Day of Easttr Term 2739>to D° 1740

Ey D* of Jc/epb Bennett, Tipstaff -By D* of Mr. Hifidma>Jhy Tipstaff By D° of the Clerk of the Papers -By E)° of Mr. Crowder, Lord Chief Justice’s Tipstaff - ‘

fey D° of a Tipstaff -

£ s. d.

- - 3* 10 0

- 21 0 0

Justice’s 3* 10 d

36 Q

21 0 0

I s. d. Cr

602 0 0

49 19 2 £ s. d.

600 0 6 SS° b is

T4t 15 b

Dedud for Land Tax* Repairs, and other Expences

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term 1740, to D° 1741 - -

By D° of Mr. Cojfcn, Lord Chief Justice Lee's

Tipstaff - - - - 40 00

By D° of Mr. Samms, Clerk, of the Papers - 31 10 b

c

741 15 o 467 6 4

6co o o

71 10 o

Dedud for Land Tax, Repairs, and other Expences -

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term 1741, to D° 174* -

Dedud for Land Tax and other Expences

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term

1742, to D° 1743 -

Deduct for Land Tax and other Expences

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term

1743, to D° 1744 "

By D° of the Clerk of the Papers -

Dedud for Taxes and other Expence* -

671 10 o 204 12 2

600 o b I2S 12 9

600 o o )2i 10 1

600 o o 30 o o

630 o o 147 o 6

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term

1744, to D° 1745 - , L '

Dedud for Taxes and other Expences -

6co o O

13 B 12 o

600 o o 149 13 JO

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term

1745, to D5 1746 -

Dedud for Land Tax and other Expences

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Stijier Term

1746, to 1 he last Day of Hilary Term - -

By D° for Rent, to the Death of the late Marshal, Mr. Muhens

s. d. £. 6r- 8

By D° of John Beardmore, Deputy Marshal - 250 o o

By D° of Edward A/er/Sr, Clerk of the Papers - 30 o o

575 o 0 97 11 8

280 o o

Dedud for Land Tax and other Expences

By Cash received of JohnJJhton Esquire, Marshal, Jr Rent, from t2th May, Part of Easter Term 1747, to the First Day

of Trinity Term 1748 -

Dedud for Land Tax and other Expences

952 11 8

195 l3 0

527 8 4 99 ia 3

*748> February 17.

You afr*

By Cash received for Rent, for Term 174*

o o

t O

Kind’s B h& PrifoAi

274 8 8

466 17 lo

47* 1 2

478 9

484 19 6

461 8 ®

45°

6

756 18 8

447 16 1

er

King’s Bench Prison.

*749*

August 3 r.

June i$. July 7.

l7S°> -d^r/V 7.

May 30. June 18.

175* June 14.

1 6° Martii.

By Cash received for Rent, to the End of Michaelmas Term 1748 "

By D° on account of Rent -

By D* received of a Clerk of the Day Rules By D° of a Tipstaff -

£- * d.

12 12 O

25 O O

Deduct for Land Tax and other Expences

By Cacti received on account of Rent - -

By D° for Rent to the First Day of Easter Term 1750

By D° of the Deputy Marshal By D° of a Tipstaff

£ s-

250 o o 26 12 O

Dedudl for Land Tax and other Expences

By Cacti received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Teri

1750, to D° 1751

By D° received of Mr. Coulston, Tipstaff -

Dcduft for Land Tax and other Expences

By Cash received for Rent, from the First Day of Easter Term

1751, to D° 1752 -

By D3 received of Mr. Carter, for his Place as Tipstaff to Lord Chief Justice Lee> and for another Tipstaff’s Place for his Son -

Deduct for Land Tax and ocher Expences

£ s. I

US 0 0

200 0 0

450 0 0

37 12 O

487 12 O

221 II 9

I 200 0 0

225 O 0

425 O 0

276 12 6

701 12 O

67 5 8

1

500 0 0

48 O 0

548 0 0

46 s 8

50 0 0 0

695 O 0

I>I9S 0 0

105 7 s

1753.

C'

266 o 3

634. 6 4

501 14 4

1,089 12 7

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon ^hurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report and Appendix.

Performance An ingrossed Bill to oblige Ships more effectually to of Quaran- perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing twe. the pjagUe being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Man, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarkr, or Man.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation Ordered, That Mr. Peter Abraham Luard do, upon

fCambricks. Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom i: is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, and Dealers in Linen, of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Ewer do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Sweet do attend the said Com-.mittee at the same time.

Corn Bounty. Mr. Yownfhend, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to considerof the Report from the Committee, ro whom the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, residing in thac Parc of the Sea Coast, in the County of Norfolk, that lies between the Borough of Kings Lynn and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names arc subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants or Exporters of Corn from the City of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, in order to be exported at the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the said County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, whose Hands are thereto subscribed, on behalf of thrmselves, and the rest of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn, residing at the Borough and Port of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk j and also the Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Corn from the Port of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolkj were severally referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directrd him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 25th Day of March 175 J, Interest, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, be allowed upon every Debenture, for the Bounty on the Exportation of Corn, payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs; which, after the End of Six Months next following the Day on which the same shall be produced to the Commissioners of the Customs, shall remain

16 Geo. IL

i6°-

i?

Martii.

6 95

main unsatisfied, to be computed from the-End of the said Six Months, until the Principal, with such Interest, shall be paid, or until Money fufBcicnc shall be reserved for that Purpose, and proper Notice shall be given thereofj such Interest, together with the Principal, to be paid out of Cuch Customs or Duties as are chargeable with the Payment of any Bounty for the Exportation of Corn.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved\ Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that, from and after the 25th Day of Alarch 1753, Interest, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, be allowed upon every Debenture, for the Bounty on the Exportation of Corn, payable by the General Receiver or Calhier of the Customs; which, after the End of Six Months next following the Day on which the same shall be produced to the Commissioners of the Customs, shall remain unsatisfied, to be computed from the Hnd of the said Six Months, until the Principal, with such Interest, shall be paid, or until Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, and proper Notice shall be given thereof; such Interest, together with the Principal, to be paid out of such Customs or Duties as are chargeable with the Payment of any Bounty for the Exportation of Corn.

Ordered, That a Hill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. *Towufhend. the Lord Ho-bait, Mr. Hoy also Walpole senior, Mr. // oedbeufe, Sir John Turner, Mr. Edward li dipole, Mr. Horatio Walpole of Kings Lynn, Mr Chales Townshend, Mr. Page, Mr. Bacon, Mr. West, Mr. Harding,:, and Sir Richard Lloyd, do pre-' pare, and bring in, the fame.

Stratfield Sea A Bill for confirming an Agreement between George

Church, pin Lfquire, and the Rector of the Church of ct. at field Sea, in the County of Southampton, for Exchange oi Lands in the said Parish; and to enable the said George Pitt to take down the prefenr, and erect a new Parish Church there, and for making Roads to the said Church; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. lyfier, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Grenvile, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Townjiend, Lord Barrington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Powney, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Caley, Mr. LafceUes, Lord Vupplin, Mr. IVilhnfon, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Hobart, Sir Nathaniel Cwzon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Ba>bor, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gwyrm, Mr, Vernon, Mr. lewis, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Butter, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Gajhry, Colonel A court. Lord Chajles Louglass, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Neale, Mr. Finch, Mr. Pbiiiipfcn, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Northey, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Gore, Mr. Play, Colonel Eliot, Lord Strange, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colleton5 and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Southampton, Berks, Wilts, and Dorset: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Exportation Mr. Neale, according toOrder, reported from the Com-

ftdaudlfr0in ucc whole House, to whom the Bill for permit-

ting the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Purt in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain, w'as committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill -, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, is at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to, and the rest were,with Amendments to l’cveral of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Heniker*

Lodes in The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Whale Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition

fishtry. Yol. 26.

of John Henniker, Henry Bird the elder, Henry Bird the younger, and Conrad Lang, of London, Merchants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Betbell took the Chair of the Committfe.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell repotted from the Committee,.

Thar they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Sloanem ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Museum. House, to consider of the Petition and Reprefenration of the Trustees appointed by Sir Hins Sloane Baronet, deceased, and of the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and Representation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Plundering ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Shipwreck*. House,ro considerfurtherof the Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Persons suffering Loffcs thereby, f \

Mr. Wilkinfcn presented to the House, according to L-athlny Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing an Agree- Inclosure* ment for inclosing and dividing cercain Common and Waste Ground, in the Manor of Leatbley, in the County of York: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkvfjn have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster have Leave to make aMotion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Snail’s Act for Sale of an undivided Share of Tythes, in the Ifie Estate* of Wight, settled on John Foyle Small, Mary Small, his Wife, and John Small their Son, an Infant, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an Estate, in the County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses./was read the First time.

Reflvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, I Ja die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A BILL forexchanging, dividing, inclosing and re-

ducing into Severalty, the Lands, Common inclosure.. Grounds, Failures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Eastlech Martin, otherwise Bother up, in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Recompence and Compensation to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes and Glebe Lands, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Salujbiuy, Mr. Barrow, Mr. C:a\ton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Gray, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Pbiiiipfcn, Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr.

Metcalfe, Sir Cordel Fi ebrace, Mr. Bond, Sir Robert Grof-venor, General Oglciboipe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wodehousei Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Colonel Acourt, Mr. Thornbagb, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lafcel.es, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Neale, Mr. No>they, Mr. Hale, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Med-lycott, Mr. Hill, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Richards,

Mr. Pye, M r. Townshend, Sir Lynch Cotton, Lord Carysfort,

Lord Barrington, Sir Wm. Cod)ington, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Gajhry

Tadcaster, Set, Road.

Edinburgh

Sircqtfi.

Burford

Road.

Lobcomb Corner, &c. Roads.

6q6 i 70 M . 1755*

Gajhry, Lord Strange, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Wills, Oxford, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Tad-c after, through Newton, Collingh am. Hare wood, Arthington, and Pool, to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rclt were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed, That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed, with respect to such other Amendments.

And the Bill was re-committed to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wilk'tnfon, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Colonel Clayton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Caley, Mr. Vernon, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Gray, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellowes, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bond, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Bayntun, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Scott, Mr. Oswald, Colonel Bofcawen, Lord Geo. Cavendish: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for erecting several publick Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and to impower the Trustees therein to be mentioned to purchase. Lands for that Purpose; and also widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through the Parish of Weflwell, in the said County, and from thence over several Common Fields and Downs, lying in the Parishes of Little Barrington, IVindnish, and Aldsworth, to and through the Parish of Bibury, by a certain House or Inn, commonly called the Swan, and from thence through the Parishes of Arlington, Barnjlcy, and Ampney Crucis, into the common Road leading from the Town of Letch-lade, to the Town of Cirencester, at a Place in the Parish of Preston, commonly called.Dancy's Fancy, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing and widening thfe Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterflow, to Harnbam Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Poore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Bateman, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Cocks, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ord, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hale, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. lyfter, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Cor del lirebrace, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Wifon, Sir Francis 4

Poole, Mr. Warlurton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Digby, Mr. Balfour, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr* Williams, Mr. Bond, Mr. Clavdl, Mr. Wiiles, Colour I Bofcawen, Lord Frederick Cavendiftj, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Richards, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lewis, Mr,. Metcalfe, Mr. John Gore, Sir Lionel Pilkington; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Wilts, Southampton, Dorset, Devon, Somerfel, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

Colonel Abercrombie reported from the Commitreee, to whom the Petition of the Heretors, Fewars, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, alias Haddingtoun, thereunto subscribing, on behalf of themselves, and others the Proprietors of Houses or Land within the said Town and Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

George Drummond, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Town of Preston Pans is situate at tli* Bottom of a Bay, about Six Miles East from Edinburgh, and as many West from Haddingtoun, and is a principal Port; and has divers Creeks and Members belonging to it:

Thar, before the Union, the Town carried on a considerable foreign Trade; for which they were rated by the General Convention of Boroughs at Five Shillings Scots Money:

That, for some Years after the Union, the Inhabitants of the said Town employed several Ships; but their Trade continued gradually to decay; insomuch, that in the Year 1743, upon Proof made of the Deere'afe thereof, before the Convention of the Royal Boroughs (of which the Witness was Prades) the said Convention granted the Town an Abatement of their Proportion of the Tax Roll, by reducing it from Five to Three Shillings; and, in the Year 1752, the said Proportion was further reduced from Three to One Shilling Scots Money.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing and improving Morrifons Harbour, and the Fort there, in the Shire of East Lothian, alias Haddingtoun; whereby it appeared, that certain Duties were laid on Merchandizes imported and exported at the said Harbour, for repairing the fime, for the Term of 31 Years; which Act expired in the Year 1739. — -Then,

Mr. Drummond further said. That the said Harbour, which is the only one of the Town, is in a very ruinous Condition, the Stone Pier being broken down, and the Harbour itself almost filled up with Sand; and that the Decay of Trade in the said Town has occasioned a great increase of Poor therein; and that the Town is ill fop-plied with Water, that which they are forced to use being brackilh:

That he apprehends the best Methods to recover and extend the Trade of the said Town, would be the effectual repairing of the said Harbour, and erecting a Workhouse, for employing and maintaining the Poor (which would be an Advantage not only to the said Town, but the adjacent Country) and the supplying the said Town with lweec Water, which might be effectually done from the rising Grounds in the Neighbourhood; but that the said Town is not poffrfled of a Revenue sufficient to complete those Works; nor can a Sum sufficient for that Purpose be raised, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repair-

inS

Morri.on’s Haven at frcllon Paoi<

v6 Geo. II.

170 Ma

697

Lower Compton Road.

Hetncl HemPed Small Debts.

ing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And that Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Scotty Mr. B'. If cur Ramsey, the Lord Advocate of Scotland Sir Hugh DaUymple, and Mr. Fletcher, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Prozvfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Hoads from the Halfway House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorjct, to the Had Er.d of the Town*of Ax-minfer, in the County of Devon, through the Towns of Yeovil and Ciezvkerne; and from the said Town of Yeovil to Mudford Bridge, Vagg Hollow, Odcombe, and IVhijlie Bridge, in the County of Somefet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Enough the Bill, and made several Amendments [hereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-ci uauR delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ar the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Mr. Chcrles Gore p re Tented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and Parish of Hemel Hemjled, and several other Towns and Parishes within the Hundred of Dacornm, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Salford, &c. Roads.

Ipfwkh, &c. Roads.

Ordered, That Lord Dupplin, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Charles Yownfhend, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Poore, Lord Yrent ham, Mr. Chauncy Yownfhend, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ybornhagh, be added to the Committee,to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the ChapeJ, in the Tow n of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardiey Lane, to the Town of li igar., and to the Stocks in the Town of Dux-bu y, and to a Place called the Bread Oak in IVo'sley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed.

Sir Ccrdei VI cb ..tj pic fented to the House, according to Order, a Eiji h r continuing, and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the one of the icth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipfwkh to Clcydon, and the Road called the P)e Road, in the County of Suffolk, and the other of the Cth Yc^r of h:s present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the d erm and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lantborne Green, ar.cl for re» airing the Road from C ley don aforesaid, to Ccddcnbam Beacon, in the said County: And the same wp. received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rlghley A Bill for repairing and w idening the several Roads lead-

throughBing- ing from the Town of Kigl/ey, through Bingley ard Bradley Roads. ford, and over Dudley-bid and ll ijkct-bill', and through Adwcllcn, to llrairfield', and from KigUey aforesaid to tlal-Ifax and F.alcxd; aid frcjfn Dudley-hki aforesaid, through Ecclesalf Peel. and Town of Lratbley, to Beckwithfhaw; and from Bclkwitlffcw to Ki/ti gbalin the Way to liipcn, and to the South W\ll Corner of lid/ row gate Inclosures, in the Way to Kna: esH rough; and more cff&ually to repair and widen the Koado from Leeds to Halifax, in Two several Branches, through Bowling and IVibfty, and through Bradford and little Horton to Halifax aforesaid, and the Lanes calhd Bowli;« Lane and Little Horten Lane, which branch c ue of, and terminate in, the Two Vol.

Branches aforesaid, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf, at Pool aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Cooke, Mr. All good\ Mr. Coventry, S ir Richard Marwick Bampfylde, Mr. Drake, Sir Nicholas Bay ley, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Bold, General Handafyde, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Harvey, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Jeffreys,

Mr. Lafcedes, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr.

Kyn afon, Mr. Conyers, Sir Win. Irby, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Wilkinson, M x.Ord, Sir John Cust, Mr Hay, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Foie eau, Mr. Yhornhagh, General Oglethorpe Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Prowse, Sir Cordel FIebrace. Sir Charles Kemys Yynte, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lane, Mr. Offley, Mr. Palmer,

Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Popham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Scott,

Mr. Shuttleworih, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Yempeft, Mr. Yhern-ton, Mr. Vane, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Wodebcufe, Sir Br.

Wrey, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cocks, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. John Ycrke, Lord Digby, Colonel Acourt,

Mr. Barrow, Sir Robert Grosvenor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland. Westmorland, and Lancaster: And rimy-are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossrd Bill for repairing and widening the Road Barter* upon from the Writ End of the Town of Burton upon Yrent, Trent Road, in the Coun:y of Stafford, through the said Town, to 1 he South End of the Town of Derby, in the County o(Derby, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: - And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Yrent, in the County of Stifjord, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That the Lord Frederick Cavendish do carry* the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Digby reported from the Committee, to White Sheet whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading H*li, &c. from the Top of a Hill called White Sheet Hill, in the Great Western Port: Road, in the Parish of Donhead St.

Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaft on, otherwise Shyftelbury, Mi I borne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, and from thence to a House called, or known by the Name of The Halfway He use, ficuate in’ the Parish of Nether, othet-w ife Lower Compion, in the said County of Dorset, was committed; and to whom also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the i own and Parishes of Sherborne, Oborns, Cafleton,

Yeiminfer, Leigh, Chet note, Nether Compton, Ybcrtford, Longburton, Candle, Biff of Star ton. Candle Pcintington,

Sandford, Crcas, Cor ion, Denham, and of other Places lying in and near the Town and Parishes of Sherborne,

Oborr.e, Nether Compton, and Bradford Abbas, in the County of Dorset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf cl themfekes, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, Panlhes, and Places, was referred; That no Person appeared on behalf of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A CLule was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower the Trustees to compound with the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Paiifhes, lor passing through the Turn-: pikes upon Market Da)s.

And the said Clause was twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question

S P 1 puc

6

° Marti

Tadcafler, See, Road.

Cambricks imported and exported.

Silesia Lawns, Sec. imported and exported.

Oil, Sec. imported from T urkey.

Oil, &c. imported from Italy.

Shiptoh Malet, Sec. Roads.

17 — 19

A. 1

f* *s

3D

put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofiTed.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tadcaster, through Newton, Collingham, Hare-woody Arthington, and Pool, to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments made by the said Committee were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 190 die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

'"l^H E House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, A from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders;

An Account of the Quantity of Cambricks imported and exported; and the Duties arising therefrom,from Christmas 1745,to Christmas 1752, distinguishing each Year: And also,

( An Account of the Quantity of Silesia Lawns, and Narrow Germany Linens, imported and exported; and the Duties arising therefrom, from Christmas 1737, to Chrifi-mas 1752, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of what Quantity of^Oil, Cotton, Goats Wool, Drugs, and Carpets, have been imported from Turkey from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of what Quantities of Oil, Cotton, Goats Wool, Drugs, and Carpets, have been imported from Italy, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the Two First of the said Accounts were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That the Twolaft of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said several Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Skipton Alalety to the Top of Rush Hilly in the Parish of Stone Eajton, in the County of Somerset, and from Shipton Malet to the Direction Post, and Elm Tree, at the Cross Way to But well, in the Parish of Alms ford; and also from Shipton Malet, to and through lvelchester, to the South Petberton Bridge; and also from lvelchester, to the Cross Post at Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil; and also fzomUvelchester to Sparkford Bridge, and from lvelchester aforesaid, to the South Side of Kingsdon

Hilly leading to Somerton, and where the Cross Ways meet; and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Pilton, towards the Town of Glastonbury; and like w ife from Pres-leigh to Mtltcn Bridge; and from Rujb Hill aforesaid, to and through the Grounds of John Hippijley Coxe; and to the Poole called the Great Poole: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Allgood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Waites and Commons in the Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, James Wheeler, together with Richard Wyatt, Pnom as Reading, William Readingy Thomas Anjell, John Sherier, Robert Lambert, and Henry Burch, of Buriton, in the County of Southampton, Joseph Tribe, of Ramjdean, 'Thomas Cooper, of Emjworth, and Lawrence Matthews, of Weston, in the said County, did, upon the 19th and 20th Days of February last, fish, with a Boat and Net, in a Pond in the Possession of John Jolliffe Esquire, a Member of this House; and that the Fish so taken were carried away by them, or son,e A them; and also, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, the said James Wheeler, together with George Sherier, of Buriton aforesaid, and John Gaman the younger, of Petersfield, in the said County, did, upon the 26th Day of February last, take up, and carry away, several Stones set up by the said Mr. Jolliffe, as Bound Stones or Marks of the Boundaries of his Mar,or of Peter sfield aforesaid.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Hps Weir presented to the House, according to Order, a .{‘ill for repairing the Roads from fjwngstoun, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Giajgoiv, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Legh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts of Parliament, pafifed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Third, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the School-house in Didfbury, to the Bridge in IVilmflow, in the said County of Chester; and for creeling a Bridge over the River Merjey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for widening and repairing the High Road from Northallerton, through the Towns of Thbjh and Ea-ftngwould, in the County of York, to the City of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, Open, and Arable Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet of Hinton, in the Pari ill of Woodford cum Membris, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Northey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Young, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Bondy Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

12 War burton,

Hexham I nclofur e.

Privilege.

Livingftoun, Sec. Roads.

Sherbrooke Hill, Sec, Road.

Northallerton Road.

Hinton

Indoiure.

26 Geo. II.

Warburton, Sir John Cu/t, Mr. G>ay, Mr. Thorntcn, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Neale, Mr. FeHaves, Sir Francis PooJe, Mr. Jorke, Mr. Wiles, Sir Richard Warnick Bamp-fylde, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Ord, Mr. Sergifcn, Mr. Pctier, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Rcbinfon, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Pi//, Mr. Ltf/*- Mr. Gajhry, Colonel Leighton, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr.

Tuckfeld, Mr. Z)r<7*, Mr. Alderman JanJfen, Mr.

Colonel Holmes, Colonel Stanwix, Sir 7$£/i Peachy, Mr. Wodebouse, Sir IValter Bagott, Mr. jWw P///> Mr. Shelley, Mr. Wiliams; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Oxford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker':* Chamber.

Cubbington A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common lndosure. Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbingtcn, in the County of A/ Vir-was read a Second time.

Reflved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. No;they, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Barry, Sir Richard liar-wick Bampfyide, Col mci heighten, Mr. Wiles, Mr. .9^- Mr. Hay, Mr. G/v?y, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gw*, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Powney, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Vvner, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. /YY/?, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pitt, Mr Thornton, Mr. Aligcod, Colonel Ho rnes, Mr Chetwynd, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Garth, Mr. 7clliffe, Mr Lee, Mr. Willey; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

<%9

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his. present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Crcfs; and also from Ferrybridge to Weatherby, and from thence to Boroughb idge, in the County of York.

That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the fub-jesting of Lime to the Payment of the Duties to be laid by the said Bill.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an British Act, made in thc25dYcarof the Reign of his present Ma- Fiftiery. jesty, intituled, An Aftforthc Encouragement of the British White Herrir.gFifliery; and for regulating the said Fishery according ro the Calendar now in use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve irfclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said fiiil.

Sir Charles Mcrdaunt presented to the House, according Dunchurch to Order, a Bill, to continue, and render more effectual, Roa4, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 10th Year of the Rebn of his larc Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the B ottom of Mereden FA!l, in the County of Warwick:

And the Time was received i and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

190 Ma

Cambric ks bonded for Exportation,

Doncaster

Road.

The House being informed, That Mr. Paul, from the Commissioners of the Cutloms, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number and Value of the Bonds given from Chrifmas 1744, to Christmas 175-, on the Importation of Cambricks for Exporcation; and the Number and Value of such Bonds as remain undischarged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of the Cicy of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this SdTion.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, and travelling on, the Road from Ferrybridge to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; andisasfolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the 14th of his present Majesty’s Reign was read; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted for repairing the Roads from Dortcader, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Weatherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York; and that Carriages loaded with Lime are exempt from the Payment of the said Tolls, from the ift of May, to the 30th o\Qftober, in each Year; and are only liable to pay One Fourth Parc of che Tolls for the remaining Parc of the Year. Then,

Mr. Thomas Oajller being examined, said, That the Carriages loaden with Lime do great Damage upon the said Road; and that it will be impossible to repair the fame, without feme further Toll be laid on such Carriages.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Vox.. 26.

A Petition cf several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Lobcomb Land-owners, in the County of Southampton, was presented Comer. See. to che House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is Roa<i, now depending for amending the Roads between Salufbury and FJingi and that the Petitioners are informed, that the said Road is intended ro be carried through the Villages of Bramfhaw, Broock, and Cadenham \ and alleging, That if the said Road was carried through Owen and Teflwood, it would be (berter by a Mile and a Quarter, much nearer to Gravel, and other Materials, for mending the said Road, and in all Respects more convenient to die Country: And therefore praying the House to rake the same into their Consideration; and to grant such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Burrel, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Hay, Mr. Farrington, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Ly/ler, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, Hardinge,

Mr. Beckford, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bond,

Mr. WHLs, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Richards, Lord Charles Doug/afs, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Offiey, Mr.

Prowje, Mr. Drake, Mr. Dowdeswel!, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Pitt. Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Metcalfe, Colonel Holmes,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Reynolds; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Southampton, Dorset, and Some Jet: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Duke reported from the Committee, to whom the Exeter Petition of the principal Inhabitants of Woodbury, Eastbucl- Roads. leigh, Bidlon, Colleton, Rawleigh, Otterton, Sidmouth, Sal-combe, Branfcombe, Beer and Seaton, Clift Saint Mary, and Clijl Saint George, in the County of Devon, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as ifi appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

Tabk:

700

190 Ma

A. 1753.

Tab'c: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

IVMi am Stuckey Esquire, said, That the Road from Clift Bridge, to the Topof Woodbury Hilly about Three Miles and a Half in Length, is in very bad Repair; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Method appointed by the Laws now in being; that the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes travel the said Road v with Corn, Butter, and Cheese, the chief Produce of the Country, to the Market at Exeter.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the City cf Exeter, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision ,in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Clift Bridge, to the Top of Woodbury Hilly in the County of Devon.

jL°iham° A Bill for amending, widening, and repairing, the Road Down Road, fading from Dover to Barham Downy in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Geo. Saekville, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Abercrombie, Lord Pamnuiry Mr. Cayley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wat fen, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Whichcotf, Mr. Amy and Mr. Lcflie, Mr. Hay, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ker, Mr. Salujbiiry, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Waide grave, Mr. Town]}) end. Lord John Murray, Mr. CoVeion, Colonel Stanwix, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Bel-chier, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Medlycctt, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Barrow, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bond, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Richards, Mr. Bayntun-, and alj,the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and 67^!*, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Barbutt’.s&c.

Nit.

Dee Nr.viea-tion.

An ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing John David Barbult, and Fortunatus Planta, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John David Barbutt, and Fortunatus Planta.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Thompson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the several Counties of Flint, Denbigh, Carnarvon, and Ar.glefey, on behalf of themselves, and others travelling through the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Provisions in Two Acts made in the 6th and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for obliging the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee to appoint, and keep Two Ferry Boats, for conveying PaflTengers and Carriages over the said River; and also Provision made in the said Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to oblige the Commissioners therein named, to let out and maintain a convenient Road or Roads over the Sands, Soil, and Grounds, within the Limits of the Works of the said Navigation; and also in the said Act of the 17th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for impower the said Commissioners to set out convenient Roads over the Sands, Soil, and Grounds, vested in the said Undertakers, lying on the North Side of the new Channel, to and from the said Ferries, to the City of Chester, and other Places in the County of Chesterwhich Roads are to be maintained by and at the Charge of the said Undertakers; and setting forth, That no Provision is made by either of the said Acts, for setting out or main-tainingany Road on the South Side of the said new Channel over the Salt Marshes, lying between the said Ferries and the Town of Flint; and thar, by reason of the River being brought through the said Marshes, and for want of the South Bank being kept up, the Tides have walbed and worn several of the Gutters, running through che said Marshes, so deep, as to render them impafiable for any

Carriage, and dangerous for a Horse; and that the same cannot be repaired by the Parishes or Townships in which they lie, nor by the County, it being no High Roid before the making of the said Works; and that, for want of such Road, the Petitioners, and all who have orcasion to travel that Way, are forced to go several Miles round, and through very deep Roads; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, in case an Act shall pass, as desired by the Petition of the said Company, to explain and amend the said former Acts, and for other Purposes, the same Provision may be thereby made, for setting out, maintaining, and repairing a necessary and convenient Road, or Roads, on the South Side of the said new Channel, over the said Marshes, leading to and from the said Ferries, to the Town of Flint, as is by the former Acts made, for setting out, maintaining, and repairing, the Road or Roads on the North Side of the said new Channel, leading to and from the said Two new Ferries to the said City of Chester.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in General Court assembled, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according Bucktonbon to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Turnpike ^nQda(^erwKk Road at Buckton Burn, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill; and from the Road at the South End of Tweedmouth, long Etall Highway, through East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, and, through Cornhill, to Deddoburn; and from the Road at Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called Hornburn; and from the Road near Screnter-ft on, through Ancroft, to Dicker burn, in the County of Durham-, and from the Road at Scotjgate, in the said Town of Berwick, by the South Side of Haliydown Hill, to a.

House called The Bound Road House-, and from the said Road at Scotfga'e to Whitt at er Low bridge, and to a Place called The Bound Road. within the I liberties of the said Town of Berwick: And che same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

I*

An ingrossed Bill, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, Dyfert Har-or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint bour. of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Dyfart, and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying w'ahin Three hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of the said Town, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Dyfart, and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Three hundred Yatds of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Erskine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Sandjs, Sir Edward Knfieli, 4c. Hawke, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. John Gore, Captain Rodney, Roads. Mr. Fonereau, Colonel Bofcawe.1, Colonel Gore, Colonel Clayton, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Earle, Mr. Abraham Hume, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Peachy,

Mr. Peachy, Admiral Townjend, Sir Danvers Offlorn,

Mr. Chetwyndy Mr. Townshend, Mr. Chatles Townshend,

Lord Geo. Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendt]h, Mr. Duke,

Captain Frankland' Mr. Tracy, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Willy,

Captain Saunders, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Abet Fonereau, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, and giving further Powers to the Trustees for putting in Execution, Two Acts of Parliament, one

of

Importation

oiCajnbxicki.

Ways and Means.

Scoth Sea Company.

Sloan nm Mvfcua.

Importation

fCambrick*.

Bonnty on bail Clock.

Infield,

<fc. Roads.

2 6 Geo. II.

1f — io0, Martii.

of the Eleventh Year of the Rrign of his late Majesty' King George the First, and the other of the Sixth Teat* of the Reign of his p'rfcfent Majesty, for' repairing thi Rbxds1 from the Parish of Enfield, in the Cebnty of Mid'dP.efex, to the Towrt of Hertford, and to the great' Bridge in iVare, in the County of Hertford; and for arhehding the Road from the said great Bridge to the South End of the great Bridge at Wades~milt\ and from the great Road atCbljfbunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said Cotihty of Hertford; is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for thi ‘House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to* consider of thfe Petition of the Merchants and'Dealers in Linen, of the City of London, whose Nametf are1 thireuhto subscribed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being readi for the ‘House"to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole‘House, to consider further of Way s and Means for raising^the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refcived, That this House will, upon Friday Mortling next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for* the House to resolve itself* into a Commicfee of the WhofcHouse, upon thd Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seat and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company;

Re/blvedl Thatthis House will, upon IVMnesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read

"The House refohed itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition and Represen-tation of the Trustees appointed by Sir Hans Sloane Baronet, deceased, and of the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and Representation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Torke rook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Torke reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they nlay have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesddy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the find Petition and Representation, and of the Copies of the said Codicils.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- . mittec. That they have Power to consider of the State and Condition of the Cottonian Library, and of Additions that may be made thereto.

The postponed Order of the Day being read* f

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HbUfe, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers, in Linen, of the City of London, whose Namesare thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Picket do, upon Wednesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manofadurers of British Sail Cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, On behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Warden of his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet do, Tomorrow Morning, bring, infaieCustody, Edward Fitzgerald Esqvire, now a Prifofter for Debt in Vol. 26.

701

hiL Majesty VPrifon of (he Fleet', to^the Committee^ to whom the Bill for continuing, and giving Further Powers to the TrusteesJ for putting irt Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of hjsjtate Majesty King George the 'First, and the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Mid-dl'ejex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge 1 in Ware, in the County of Hertford', and for, amending the Roadfrbtrithe said Great Bridge, to the South End of the Great Bridge at Wades-mill; and from the Great ftoad ac Chejhttnf, to the West End of Small Led Bridge, in the said County of Hertford; is committed 5 and also do bring the said Edward Fitzgerald, in safe Custody, to the said Committee^ at any other Time or Times, as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame; and that Mr*.

Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Mr.'Cholmondeley presented to the Housei according, to Lawton Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Gatr, &c. a Place called Lawton Gate, in the Township of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Cheficr, through the Towns of Sandbach and Middle wich, to the Town of Northwich, and to a Place called IVinsford Bridge, in the said County:

And the fame^ was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondeley have Leave to make a ^Motion, it being after Six of the Cldck:

An<i he moved the House accordingly.

Ahd the said Bill was rer.d the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Commhteeof

tions be adjourned. Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, iNine of the Clock.

Mart is, 20° die Martii;

Anno a6* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the several Persons, who were fe- Importation verally ordered'to attend Yesterday the Committee of of C*mbrick*. the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of the City of London, "whose Names are thereunto subscribed, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for repairing the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stdinmorex in the County of iVcjlmoi'eland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge, in die said County, was read’a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tfftifon,

Mr, Belchier, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Thornbagb,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hill, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Cayley, $ir James Lowther, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Page, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

IVilles, Mr. Bond, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Alderman Betbell, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. West, Mr. Pel* ham, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lewis,

Colonel Acourt, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Williams, Mr. Basntun, Mr. Northey; and all the Members who serve For the Counties or Westmor land, Cumberland, Lane after, Durham,

Tcrk, and Northumberland} and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the SpeakerYChamber.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Chicheftt* Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of Chichester , and also the Petition of the Mayor, Alderrhen, Citizens, and Inhabitant's,of the Ciry of Qhichester; and of the Inhabitants of such Parts of the Parishes of St. Peter the Great, otherwise SubJeanry St. Bartholomew, and St. Bancrofts, as lie without the Liberties of the said City; and also of che I nhabitants of the Clol'e

Googh


SmalF*

Estate.

701

within the said City; were severally referred; That the ‘ Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions;

' and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and Perkbam Williams Esquire, were examined, and said. The City of Chichester is burdened with a very numerous Poor; and that it would be of great Advantage if a general Workhouse was established for their Reception and Employment.

Thomas Steele Esquire, Recorder of the said City, was examined, and said, That the Corporation of Chichester acknowledge to have received 2001, in the Years 1664 and 1672, from the Right Reverend Doctor Henry King, and Doctor Peter Gunnings Bishops of Chichester, for the Purposes mentioned in the Petition.

And he produced Two Deeds; whereby it appeared, that the said Corporation did, in 1681, convey a House,

called Cawley s Almshouse, to be used for ever, as a Workhouse for the Poor; and also Two Fields to Trustees, to levy a Fine of the Premises, which should enure to the said Corporation for ever, upon Trust, that they should let the said Lands for any Term, not exceeding 21 Years, and apply the Rents thereof in the Repair and Maintenance of the said House, and the Surplus of the said Rents towards establishing a Manufactory to set the Poor to work; and if that should not be found practicable, then to be employed towards such other like charitable Use, for the Poor, as the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, should appoint; and that, in pursuance of the said Deed, a Fine was accordingly levied.

And the said Mr. Steele said, That the Parishes of St.

1 Peter the Great, St. Bartholomew, and St. Pancrajs, lie partly within the Liberties of the City, and partly without; and that the Close is not within the Jurisdiction of the said Corporation; and that if Provision was made for maintaining and employing the Poor of such Parts of the said Parishes aa lie out of the City, and also of the said Close, in a general Workhouse, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants:

That the said Almshouse might be made, at a small Expence, a Workhouse for all the Poor of the City, and such Parts of the said Parishes as lie without the City, and of the said Close; and that if the Rents of the said Two Fields were to be appropriated to the Use of the Poor in f such general Workhouse, and Power was given, if there was Occasion, to mortgage or fell the said Fields, and to . apply the Produce of such Sale or Mortgage to the like ‘ ! Purpose, it would be of great Utility:

' That the said City, and Parts adjacent, are not sufficiently lighted; and if Power was given to make and enforce an Affrlfment for lighting the fame, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for enlightening the Streets, Passages, and open Places, within the City of Chichester, and several Places adjoining thereto, and the Close within the said City: And that Mr, Page,

and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an undivided Share of Tythes in the IOe of Wight, settled on John Foyle Small\ Mary Small his Wife,

and John Small their Son, an Infant; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an . Estate, in the County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. P'bwney, Mr. Salusbury, Lord Harley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Gray, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Willy, Mr. Powney. Sir Francis Drake, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord St ange, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Lord Barrington, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

A. 1753.

Chester, Mr. Which col, Mr. Gwyhn, Mr. Vyner* Mn Bond,

Colonel Haldane, Lord Dupplin, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Dowdeswell* Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Richards, Mr.

Ridley, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Stanwix, Mr Affleck*

Mr. Ord, Mr. Compton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wi'Jon, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Nor they. Sir Danvers Ojborn,

Lord Bateman, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lafcclles, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Owen, Sir Robert Burden-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Gloucester, Worcester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, Edvrank* a Bill, for establishing and confirming the Surname of Name. Edwards to and upon Gerrard Anne F-dwards Esquire,

Son of Mary Edwards, deceased, and his I flue, and the Husbands of such of his Daughters, and their I flue Male, as shall become intitled to the Estates nf the said Mary Edwards, under her Will; and for enabling them to bear the Arms of the Family of the said Mary Edwards, pursuant to her Will: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Charles Amcotts Esquire, High Sheriff of Fxportadoi the County of Lincoln, the Right Honourable the Lord of Wool Vere Bertie, and the rest of the Gentlemen upon the fr°®kdandj Grand Jury, at the Assizes held for that County, at the Castle of Lincoln, on the Twelfth Day of March 1753, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending for permitting the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain; and setting forth, That the Petitioners, for several Years past, have been not only encouraged, by a tolerable ready Sale for Wool, but also necessitated, by the Distemper of the Cattle (not yet ceased) to flock their Lands extraordinarily with Sheep; insomuch, that at this Time there is not only much more Wool than usual growing, but great Quantities of the last Year lying upon the Hands of the Farmers unfold; and if still more was wanted, more would naturally be produced; and alleging, That the Importation of Wool from Ireland is prejudicial; and that the Petitioners have been informed, the Caules of dur late supposed flourifljing Trade for Woollen Goods were accidental, and are, in a great measure, ceased; and that therefore, considering the aforesaid BillI. to be calculated for increasing the Growth of Wool in Ireland, and for the Importation of it in larger Quantities, the Petitioners judge the same to be most, unseasonable, at this Juncture especially: And therefore praying, That either the Importation of Wool, or Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, may be totally inhibited for the present; or for such other Relief, as to the House shall Teem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for permitting the Exportation of Wool and Woollen or Bay Yam from any Poyt jn Ireland, to any Port of Great Britain, be read the Third time.

A Message from the Loyds, by Mr* Rennet, and Mr. 1

Edwards: ,\

ME Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, Joptulecl, An Act for oilbcxt’i Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County lliute. of Gloucester, devised by the Will of Alice Gilbert Spinster, for raising Money to discharge fevaraj. Debts and Lega-

cies; and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase:of 1.

Lands to be settled to the Uses of her Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, I

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to jngC», enable Theodore William Inge Esquire, to make Building Eiute. Leases of Part of his settled Estate, situate in or near '

Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: To which the,

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. a

And then the Mdlengers withdraw.

Mr. I

20° Martii.

z6 Geo. II*

lo° Martii.

HentnkeiV LoflVs in Whale Fishery,

Mr. Alderman Bel bell, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of John Hetmiker, Henry Bird the Elder, Henry Bird the Younger, and Conrad Lang, of London, Merchants, the Resolutions which the Committee had dirrftecl him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'Fable; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the7^ by a deficient Importation (all foreign Sugars being ex-Ships mentioned in the Petition were properly fitred out for ’ eluded, by Duties which amount to a Prohibition) may Jbe a Voyage to the Greenland Seas, and there unavoidably loft, a Temptation to them to forbear breaking up more Land

and that the Planters are greater Gainers by a small Importation, than a large one; but the Navigation, the Revenue, the Petitioners, and the Conveners of Sugar, are great Sufferer's; and that the foreign Markets are supplied with Sugar from the French at less than half the Price it is here fold for, exclusive of all Duties paid here; and the Price of Sugars at the British Sugar Colonies is more than double the Price of what it is at the French SugarColonies; and alleging, That theexceffive Gain of the British Planters,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Petitioners be paid the Bounty which they would have been intitled to, in case the Ships had performed their Voyages, and all Matters required by the A£Vs of Parliament had been performed.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a

for Sugar Plantations, especially in the Island of Jamaica; where the Petitioners are informed large Tracts of Land, fit for that Purpose, do remain uncultivated; and that the common People of England are deprived of one of the Conveniences of Life, by the present high Price of Sugars, and the Petitioners of the Benefit of supplying them there-

Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon,r with; and that those who can afford it are obliged to pray agreed to by the House. 1 double the Price, which the rest of Europe do for the fame

The other Resolution of the Committee being read a Commodity; and that there is noPoffibility of exporting Second time, several Amendments were proposed to be either Muscovado Sugar or refined, to any Port in Europe* made thereto; by inserting, after the Word " that," and ‘ not even to Ireland, the Prices here being much higher before the Words " the Peritioneh," these Words, cc the than in any other Part of the World; for which Rt^son, " Commissioners of his M ajc ft y’s Treasury be impowered the Traders in Ireland have made use of the Liberty they cc to direct, if they think fir, the Payment of the Bounty ' have of importing Sugar from Portugal; and that the " which," and by leaving out the Words " be paid the very great Dilparity of the Price of Sugar here, and in cc Bounty which they." T, / { France, Flanders, and Holland, is a strong Tempration to

And the Question being put. That after the Word smuggle Sugar from thence; to the great Injury of the cc that," and before the Words " the Petitioners," these ' Government, and of the fair Trader; and that the Pe-Words, cc the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury titioners are credibly informed, that large Quantities of cr be impowered to direct, if they think fit, the Payment refined Sugars aresmuggled into Scotland; and that, in " of the Bounty which" be inserted. other Parts of the Kingdom, French $ ugar Loaves ire

" be said

SJoanean

Mofeom.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words <c paid the Bounty which they" stand'Parc of the Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury be impowered to direct, if they think fit, the Payment of the Bounty which the Petitioners would have been intitled to, in case the Ships had performed their Voyages, and all Matters required by the Atts of Parliament had been performed.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do, T o-morrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition and Representation of the Trustees, appointed by Sir Hans Sloane Baronet, deceased, and of the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and Representation; with the , Will of Arthur Edwards, proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury upon the 13th Day ox July 1743.

Ordered, That Mr. Cajky, Librarian of the Cottonian

sold at a much lower Price than they can b?» afforded by our own Refiners; and that the deficient Importation of Sugar is of great Detriment to the Manufacture of refining Sugar; wherein a great Number' of Families, in almost: every Part of the Kingdom, are now concerned, and a great Number of Hands employed; and which gives Employment and Maintenance to many other Manufacturers; and pays considerable Taxes to the Government; for, by the present Scarcity, they are deprived of Sugar to refine (nor can the common People afford to pay for refining a Commodity already so dear) to their great Loss; being obliged to very large Expences, even when they haveno Employment; and to the Loss of all.those. who depend on their Manufacture; and, by the present immoderate Price, can have no Hope of exporting any Part of their r Produce; which, when they were enabled to do, their Labour and Expence was repaid them by foreigners; and defeats the wife Intentions’ of the Legislature, in granting a Bounty upon the Export of Sugar refined in Great Britain; and that the Inhabitants and Proprietors of Jamaica, though they have ipany hundred thousand Acres of Land, fit for Sugar Plantations, which, as they have pub-Library, do attend the said Committee, at the same time, lickly declared, are sufficient to supply all Europe with Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Widmore, Librarian Sugar, and arc exempt fr^in the Tax of 4- per Cent, to

Importation of Sugar.

or rfa1 ity Ea* er,

jj*

’of

idi

fc:

t tO Iff’’1

,tPi

the

Mr,

h of the Library of the Abbey Church of Westminster, do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

A Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers/ arid other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Price of Muscovado Sugar is become excessive high, owing to a deficient Importation from our Sugar Colonies in America; notwithstanding the Assurances given by the Planters in the Year 1739, of a much greater Supply, when the Legislature indulged them the Xiberty of fend ing their Sugars directly to ahy foreign PortSouth of Cape Finisterre; and that, ever Once Lady-day 1749, the Sugar Planters have received for their Sugars a much higher Price than what they did for many Years before the Commencement of the late War; and notwithstanding these Encouragements, instead of increasing their Plantations, and fending home a larger Produce, they have decreased in their Importation ever since the Year 1739, upon an Average, very considerably;

VOL. 26.

which our other Sugar I Hands are subject, have, notwithstanding, forborn to cultivate them; bjat, instead thereof have pradbifed the Trade of refining Sugar there;' and, in order to encourage it, have imposed #, Puty of no less than 6 d. per Pound on al) refined Sugary imported from Great Britain, to the great Detriment of the Navigation and Revenue of this Kingdom, as wellas of the Petitioners; and that, in some of the other British Sugar Islands, Refineries are likewise fee jjp; which Pradtic<? *i$ injurious to the Navigation and Revenue, by diminUhing, the Quantity of Muscovado Sugar, which would otherwise be imported; and interferes with the Manufacture of refining Sugar here: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and make it the interest of the British SugarColonies to produce, and fend home, a large Quantity of Sugar to Great Britainin order to ’ become more useful to their Mother Country, its Trade, Navigation, and Revenue; or to grancany ocher Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerauon of a Committee of the whole House.

Bejoked,

Accounts of Sugars imported and exported.

Portsea

Chapel

Account of Rum imported.

Levant

Trade.

704 2 o° — 21° 1753.

RjeJqhed, That this House will, vyonMonday Morning next, resolve icfelf into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Total Amount of the Sugars imported into England, from the British Sugar Colonies, in every Year, from Christmas 1727* to Christmas I7j2,distinguishing the Quantity which has been imported from each Colony.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Total Amount of the Exports in every Year in England, of Muscovado Sugars, of the British Produce, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1752.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Total Amount of the Exports of the British refined Sugars,. From 1733, to 1752, indufive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An . Account of the Number of British Ships laden with Sugars, and the Quantity of Sugars exported from the r British Sugar Colonies, to any Port in Europe, South of Cape Finisterre, since the Year 1739, distinguishing the Time and Place of Exportation.

A Bill for building a Chapel on the Common in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, and for veiling Power in certain Trustees, for the Regulation thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thijlle* thwayte, Captain Frank(and, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Henley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bond, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Vyner, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Popham, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cooke, Mr, Wilson, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Neale, Mr. Bayntun, Mr, Pelham, Mr. Coventry,. Lord Hobart, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Richards, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Lqfcelles, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr.* Vernon, Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Hill, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Willy, Mr. Garth, Mr. Chester, Mr Curzon, Sir Charles Vernon, General Oglethorpe, Mr. //*/*, Mr. Willis, Mr. Cwvb 5 and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Quantities of Rum, imported into Great Britain, from the Sugar Colonies, for the last Ten Years, distinguishing each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, uppft the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas 5

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, Orders, or By-laws, of the Levant Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Persons have been received into the Freedom of the Levant Company, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantities of Woollen Manufactures have been exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantities of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, have been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 17J2, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Oil, Cotton, Goats Wool, Drugs, and Carpets, have been imported from Turkey, from Christmas/ 1743, to Chr.iJlmK

175^, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantities of Git, Cotton, Goats Wool, Drugs, and Carpets, have been imported from Italy, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the (hid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Salujluty took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury, reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill 5 and had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses on behalf of the Petitioners, the Governor and Company of Merchants' of England, trading to the Levant Seas 5 and that ho was directed by the Committee to move. That ithey* may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoofe, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned -till To-tttorffcw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 i° die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii II4* Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Billy from the Lords, -intituled,-An Act ing^t to enable Theodore William Tnge Esqurre, to make EfUtev Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate, situate in or near Birmingham> in ihe County of 'Warwick/ was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill fotraififig a Sum of Money, by a County Rate, Devon for erecting or purchasing a proper Prison for Debtors,in County the County of Devons was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sydthbam,

Mr. Wodebouse, Sir Francis Drake, Mr; Prowse, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Sandys,. Mr- Whichcot, Mr. BayntunI Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Hill, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Clavell,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Willes, Colonel Aceurt, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Powney, M r. Mtdlycoit,

Mr. Thornton,.Mr. Berkeley, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Sts-lusbury, Mr. Colleton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr/ Kynaston,

Mr. LyJler, M.t+ Palmer; Sir Charles Mordaunt,*Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Phillips, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Hale, Mr. Ord, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Legb, Mr. Barry, Mr Anfan,

Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townjhcttd, Lord Barrington,

Mi% Curzorh Colonel Leighton, Mr. Wat Jon; Mr. Metcalfe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon,

Dorset, Somerset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet tjiis Afternoon ac Five* of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Free- DeeNai holders within the Manor of Hawarden, in the County of gation. Flint, was presented to the House, and read 5 taking Notice, That Application hath been made to the House, for a Bill to confirm an Agreement made between Sirjtato Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor* and some Freeholders of Hawarden, of certain Marsh Lands, granted by them to the incorporated River Dee Company: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration, and order , the following Particulars to be made Part of the said Bill j viz. That the Dee Company shall be obliged to makegocki and sufficient Banks on the South Side of the River, m order to defend and preserve the Marsh; that they shall keep them, from time to time, in good Repair; and that they shall give a proper and permanent Security for the due Performance of the feme; that all the Land which the Dee Company now do, or hereafter shall, poffrft, within the Manor of Hawarden, shall be given in, made, and become a Security, for tailing the several Sums of

20 T wo

16 Geo. II. i° Martii.

Two hundred Pounds, and 6f Fifty Pounds, which are agreed to be paid yearly by the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement lately made between the said Company, and the Lord and some of the Freeholders of the Manor of Hawarden\ that the Dee Company shall be and remain ' subject and liable to answer, and make good, all Lodes and Damages which already have, or may hereafter accrue to any Lands or Estates, by reason of their present, or any future Works; and that the said Company shall be obliged to do and perform all and every thing relating to the securing, saving harmless, and indemnifying, all Lands which are or may be so damaged, according to divers Restrictions and Obligations, specified and set forth in several Acts of Parliament, made in the 6th, 14th, and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and that in the proposed Act the Trustees, for laying out and appropriating the Monies arising by the Contraft before mentioned, shall be l’uch Persons only as are Commissioners of the Land Tax, in the County of Flint, or in any of the adjacent Counties, being Freeholders and Owners of Lands within the Manor of Hawarden, or such as have or claim any Right of Commoning, upon the Waste Lands, Commons, and Salt Marshes, within the said Manor.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the CompanyofProprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in General Court assembled, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Keighley to Ordered, That Mr. Rivett, Mr. Hale, Colonel Bojcawen,

MRoad^11* ^orc* ^eo' Bent inch. Lord Geo. Cavendish, Lord Frederick 1 °a Cavendifby be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, is committed.

Levant A Petition of the principal Traders, and others, of the fade. Town of Stockport, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures to Const ant inopie, and other Parts of the Turkish Empire: And therefore praying, That the Bill for laying open the Trade to Turkey may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, is committed.

Doncaficr Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Road. Order, a Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, pasted in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to IVeatberby, and from thence to Bo-roughbrxdge, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cubbington A Petition of John IViJe Esquire, and Elizabeth his Inclosure. Wife, Bridget Prew Spinster, and Thomas Boddington Gentleman (which said John Wife, and Elizabeth his Wife, in her Right, and Bridget Pr*w,are Lord and Ladies of the Manor of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick) was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pari fh of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick; and alleging. That if the Bill now depending, for dividing and inclosmgthe several Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Woods, and other Commonable Lands, in the said Parish of Cubbington, Parcel of the Manor of Cubbington, and for setting out Lands in lieu and Satisfaction for the Tythes belonging to the Rectory impropriate, Vicarage, and the Lords and Lady of the Manor of Cubbing-ton respectively, should pass, the Interest of the Petitioners Vol. 26.

will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, or otherwise, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington, in the- County of Warwick, is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to HenfhalV whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Smithy HenJhaW Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the County Roads* Palatine of Chester, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, by Bucklow-Hill\ to the Town of Altrincham, in the same County; and from the South Guide Post in Mere, in the said County, to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster; and from Bucklow-Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments werd once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Colonel Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to Mailers’ new whom the Petition of James Mallors, of the Parish of St. Street,-in James, within the Liberty of Westminster, Builder; and Westminster* also the Petition of the Churchwardens and Vestry-men, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, within the City of Westminster, on behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the said Parishes, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. James Gough said, That the Ways, Streets, and Passages, leading from the West and South West Parts of the Parishes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John, in the City of Westminster, to Westminster Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and Parts adjacent, are, in several Places, very narrow and incommodious, as well for Foot Passengers as for Carriages; that these Inconveniences might be remedied, in case the present Communication (by means of Delahaye Street) between Duke Street and Longditch, was altered and widened, and a spacious and publick Street was laid out and built, in a Line from that Part of the West Side of King Street, which is oppofice to Bridge Street, and carried on as far as the Back of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, ficuate on the West Side of Delahaye Street, and certain Houses and Buildings (most of which are in a ruinous Condition) were taken down and rebuilt.

Mr. John Snow, Mr. James Stedman, Builders, and Mr.

John Bradley, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Gough; and added, That if the same was carried into Execution ic would be of publick Utility.

Mr. James Mallors informed your Committee, That he is willing and desirous, for the Accommodation and Benefit of the Publick, at his own Charge, not only to

8 R make

jo6 21° Martii. 1753.

make and open the said Street, but to alter the present Sir Cor del Firebrace presented to the House, according Feesofjuf-Communication between Duke Street and Longditch, and to Order, a Bill For the settling and ascertaining the Fees tIC2*Clcr^ to make the same wider, and more convenient; for which to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace: And the Por pole he has agreed For 1 he Purchaseof divers iVleffuages, same was received; and read the First time.

Tenements, and Pieces of Ground, and is now treating Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

for the Purchase of other Estates, for the Purposes aforesaid; but that some of the Owners and Proprietors thereof A Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Hanover are, at present, disabled by Law to sell the same. George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of

Mr. Elijha Bijcoe, said, That Mr. Mailers has entered Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was into Articles or Agreement with several Persons, for the presented to the House, and read; taking notice, That a Purchase of their Estates, necessary to be employed in Bill is depending in the House for the better Relief and making the said new Street; and that the Titles to Part Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint George of them have been approved of by Counsel; and ocher Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of West-Titles are under Wills, and are thereby made subject to minster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the the Payment of Legacies to Infants, who are, at present, Highways, within the said Parish; and setting forth, incapable to give legal Discharges. . That, by the Laws now in being, the several Rates for Re-

Mr. James Scott, said. That Mr. Mallors has been in lief of the Poor, cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Treaty with him for a Parcel of Houses which he has a High ways of the said Parish, have constantly been collected Lease of, and which belong to Eaton College, who cannot, and applied without any Expence, Loss, or Inconvenience, at present, let for a longer Term than Twenty Years; to the Petitioners; and alleging, Thar, should the said bur that he has agreed with Mr. Mallors for a Sum of Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend the Man-Money, for his Term in the f’.id Houses. ner of coliefling the said Rates, thereby proposed, will be

The Reverend Doflor Thomas Wijon, a Prebendary of attended with a great Expence; and that, for the Rea-the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, said, fons before-mentioned, no further Laws are necessary for That the Freehold and Inheritance of great Part of the the Purposes intended by the said Bill: And therefore Houses and Ground, wanted to be converted and employed playing, That the Petitioners may be heard by them-for the building and making of the said new Street, is the selves or Counsel against the said Bill, or may have Property of the Dean and Chapter of the said Church; such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem and that the said Mr. Mallors has treated with the Chapter, meet.

who are not, at present, impowered to let the said Houses Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

and Ground for more than Forty Years, but are willing and until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom tlefirous to exchange some Houses, as proposed to them, the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor and to grant him a Lease of other Houses for the Term in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the of Ninety-nine Years, Liberty of the City of Westminster and for cleansing the

Daniel Gel! Esquire, Register of the Collegiate Church Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said of Saint Peter, Westminste, laid, That the Chapter has Parish; is committed: And that the Petitioners be then entered on their Book a conditional Agreement with Mr. heard by their Counsel, upon iheir Petition against the said Mallors for the Exchange of some of the said Houses for Bill, if they think fit.

others; and f>r granting a long Lease of other Houses Ordered, That the said Report be received upon TueJ

and Ground at certain Rents, payable to the said day Morning next.

Dean and Chapter, in case they shall be enabled by

Law so to do. A Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for LwtMey Ia«

And upon the whole Matter the Committee came to inclosingand dividing certain common and waste Ground, coure‘ the following Refolucions: in the Manor of Leathley, in the County of York,.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, was read a Second time.

That the Pericioners have fully proved the Allegations of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkmjon,

their Petitions. Mr. West, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thorntonf

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynajlcn, Sir Walter Bill to enable James Mallors to purchase Houses and Blackett, Mr. Humey Mr. Gray, Mr. Cornwall, Mr.

Ground, and to exchange other Houses and Grounds Prowje, Mr. Townshend, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Lee, between the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Salrsbury, Mr. Berkeley, of Saint Peter, at Westminster, or any other Bodies Mr. Williams, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Corporate or Collegiate, and the said James Mallors; Drake, Mr. Martiny Colonel Townshend, Colonel Leighton, and to enable them to grant to the said James Mallors Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Wmi Codrington, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Other Premises, on building Leases, for a longer Term Chester, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bond, Mr. of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, in Affleck, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Bouve-order to open and make a new Street from the West: rie, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Buller; and all the Members who Side of King Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Durham: Westminster, to the back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Yards situate on the West Side of Delahaye Street, in the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, same Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en- A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Burford able James Mallors to purchase Houses and Ground, and to Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, exchange other Houses and Grounds between the Dean in the County of Ox/ordy through the Parish of Westwell, and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at in the said County, and from thence over several Common Westminster, or any other Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, F’iclds and Downs, lying in the Parishes of Little Bar-and the said James Mallors, and to enable them to grant rington, Windrush, and Aldsworth, to and through the to the said James Mallors other Premises, on building Parish of Bibury, by a certain House or Inn commonly Leases, for a longer Term of Years than they are at pre>- called the Swan, and from thence through the Parishes o( sent enabled to grant, in order to open and make a new Arlington, Barnsley, and Ampney Crucish into the Common Street from the West Side of King Street, in the Parish Road leading from the Town of Letchlade to the Town of of Saint Margarety Westminster, to the back Part of the Cirencester, at a Place in the Parish of Preston commonly j

Houses, Gardens, and Yards, situate on the West Side of called Dancy9s Fancy, in the County of Gloucester, was Delahaye Street, in the same Parish: And chat Colonel read a Second time. ' 1

Cornwallis, Mr Colleton, and the Lord Trentbam, do pre- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley,

pare, and bring in, the fame. Mr Lyttelton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Dowdef-

3 w//,

16 Geo. II. ai6 Martii. 707

well, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Prowse, Mr, Sandy s, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hume, Mr. Has. Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkinson% Lord Dupplin, Mr. Chester, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Which cot, Lord Barrington, Sir William Codrington, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sir Francis Drake, Sir Cor del Firehrace, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Conyers, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Robin-Jon, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Kent, Mr. Richards, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Townflsend, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Alderman Betbell, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Waif on, Mr. Bame, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Lord Downe, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lane, Sir Henry Slingsby, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Atflahie, Mr. Tor he. Lord Galway, Mr. Pierfe, Mr. White, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Luke Rob'mfon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Bur-rard, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. John Frederick, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Martin, Mr. Ord, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Wilts, Somerset, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Exeter A Petition of the Persons whose Names are subscribed,

Roads. jn behalf of themselves, and several others, Inhabitants of Crediton, and the neighbouring Pariffics in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the erecting of Turnpikes round the City of Exon, would be very disadvantageous to the landed and trading Interest of that County; and that the Road leading from Crediton is, in some Places, a very fine Road, and that all the rest of it may very well be properly repaired by thcSta- tute Labour only; and that all the Parishes through which the Road extends, are very willing and able, at their own Expence, to put them in as good Repair as they possibly can be: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may not be burthened by paying any Toll; but if it should seem expedient to the House to permit the Turnpike Bill to fiicceed, that there may be a Clause inserted therein, that all the Money raised by, or borrowed on the Credit of, the Tolls of the said Highway, leading from Crediton to Exeter, may be expended in repairing the same Highway, and not applicable to the Repairs of any other Highways. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Gilbert’s de- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tiled Linds. £or gaje diversLancjs and Hereditaments, in the County of Gloucester, devised by the Will of Alice Gilbert Spinster, for raising Money to discharge several Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Uses of her Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Removing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Tobacco,&c. more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail: And that Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-

vileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House, upon the 9th instant, that in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Edward Galley, a menial Servant of Mr. Coventry (a Member of this House), had been arrested by William Benton, a Sheriff’s Officer, at the Suit of Robert Gian, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Bounty on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-Siil-Cloth. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

fider of the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers, of British Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture*

Vol. 26.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- plundering solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Shipwrecks, fider further of the Bill for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall (teal or detain (hipwrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Persons (offering Losses thereby 5

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to South Sea resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ComPan^ the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fiffiery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Sloan^an resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mufcumi consider further of the Petition and Representation of the Trustees appointed by Sir Hans Sloane Baronet, deceased, and of the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and Representation;

Resolved, That this House will* upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose House, to consider further of the said Petition and Representation, and of the Copies of the said Codicils.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whose Levant

House, to consider further of the Bill for enlarging and Trade, regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Salufbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salufbury reported from the Committee, That they had heard the Merchants of Bristol and Lrverpoole, upon their several Petitions; and that no other Petitioners appeared; and had also heard the Counsel for the Petitioners, the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, by way of Reply; and that the Committee had directed him to move, That they may havfe Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Townshend presented to the House, according to Corn Bounty. Order, a Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn: And the same was received.

And then the House adjourned till To-triorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

r

708

2 2° Ma.

Levant

Trade.

Committees.

Account of Sue rs imported.

Account of Sugars re-imported.

Liverpool, &c. Roads.

Stillington

Prebend.

4.1753-

Jovisy 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii lldl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Traders, Manufacturers, and Wool-growers, in Settle, in the County of York, was prefenced to the House, and read 5 alleging, That Monopolies in general are injurious to Commerce; and representing to the House, the Advantage which would accrue 'to the Nation in general, by laying open the Trade to Yurkey to all his Majesty’s Subjedb: And therefore praying, That the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, may pass into a Law, with such Regulations as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Reflved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of what his Majesty *s Mnfcovado Sugars, imported from the British Sugar Colonies, have been fold for at each Sale, on an Average in every Year, at the Custom-House in London, from Christmas 1727 to Christmas 1752.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An ' Account of all Sugars which have been imported again into England from Holland\ from Christmas 1751 to Ch.iftmas 1752, which had been exported thither from Engi and.

Mr. Sahisbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the Nineteenrh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liver-foo'e to P;efcot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster \ and also for repairing the Road from Prescot, through Whi ft on, RainbiU, Bod, and Sankey, to the Town of Warrington; and also the Road from St. Helen to HJhton, in the said County Palatine, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and t; at the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed, That some Parts of the said Bill may require the further Consideration of a Committee*;

O de>ed, Thau the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Wilkinjon reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for confirming and establifttingan Exchange agreed upon between the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stillington, and Stolen Qoft Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and after*

Manchester

Church.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Anyndments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill for building a new Church within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

Resolved,x That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Church within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, That a Mistake had been com- Oaeensferry, mitted in the Order made upon Lburfday the 2d of this &c* Road‘ instanc March, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill cc for repairing the Road from the Town of Perth, in the fC County of Perth, to the Queen s Ferry in the County of " Fife ;* and it being observed that the Bill, which was since presented in pursuance of the said Order, extended to the Repair of a Road not mentioned in the said Order, although included in the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and others, in the Shires of Perth, Fife, and Kinross,

(which was presented to the House upon the 27th of February last' and also in the Report from the Committee, to whom the Lid Petition was referred.

And ihesaid Petition, and also the said Re port, being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

And the same was withdrawn accordingly.

Then the Order of the 2d Instanr, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth, to the Queen s Ferry, in the County of Fife, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth, and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Dumfermline and Yorrybum, to the Town of Culrofs: And that the Lord John Murray, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Leslie, and Mr. Crawford, do prepare, and bring in, the larine.

Sir Whistler Webster reported from the Committee, to FHmwel! whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead- Vent Roa<1* ing from Plimwell Vent, in the Parish of Yicehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they 'J

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the ' 1

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question feve-. rally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Parish of Hemel Hemfted, and several other Towns and Parishes, within the Hundred of Dacorum, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hale, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clayton, Sir Peter Ybompfon, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Sir William Calvert, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hay, Mr. Powney, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Strange, Mr. Ybornhagh, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis

Brake,

Hemel Hi lied Small Debu.


26 Geo. II. 220 — 230Martii. 709

Drake, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poo7e, Mr. Fcnereau, Mr. Gcr*, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Lamb, Colonel Gw, Colonel Lee, Sir Danvers Osborn, Mr. Robin/on Lytton, Mr. Mr. £*r/*, Mr Har-

vey, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hume, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. 70/w Tir*, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Compton, Sir Rufhout Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Palmer, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Turner, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Thornton, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Henley, Mr. Darner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Essex, Cambridge, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Preservation The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to of Order, a Bill for the Amendment and Preservation of the ♦ighways. p^blick Reads of this Kingdom s and»or the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reto: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ipfwidi, kc. A Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two

Roads. Acts of Parliament, the one of the ioth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from lpfwich to Ciejaon, and the Road called the Pyc Road, in the County of Sufjoik', and the other of the ^th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former A&, and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lantbo ne Green, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid to Coddenbam Beacon, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Coy del Firtirace, Mr Compton, Mr. Fe/'owes, Mr. Turner, Mr. Gwynn, Mr Gy ay, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bury ell\ Mr Sydenham, Colonel Homes, Mr. Powney, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Hay, Mr. Brifcwe, Mr. Curzcn, Mr. Reynolds. Mr. Hid, Mr Yo;ke, Mr. l.yfier, Mr Berkeley, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Chester, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hcbyn, Mr War bur ton. Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cooke, Sir Robert Burden, Sir Charts Ktmys Tynte, Mr. H righte, Mr. Sergt/on. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Palmer, Colonel Haldane, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Alackworth, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Wilkinfm, Mr. Thornton, Sir WiLicm Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. Tuckfield, Colonel Stcnwix; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Fffex: And they arc to mett this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Felton Inclo- Sir William Middleton presented to the House, accord-lure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common called Fedon Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received $ and read the Fit ft time.

Resolved, rl hat the Bill be read a Second time.

King’s Bench The Order of the Day being read, for the House to reunion. folvc itself into a Commit; ce of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the King's Bench Prison, and of the Office of the Marshal of the Alarfhalfea of the Court of King's Bench, and of the Appendix thereto annexed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report and Appendix.

Plnndriirg The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Shipwrecks. Committee of the whole House. to consider further of the Bill for enforcirg the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain (hipwrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Per Ions fuOering LofTes thereby.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took die Chair of the Committed VoL« 26.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will,upt?n Wednesday Mbrn- South Sea ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company. House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris, 23° die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 175 *{.

Prayers.

A PET IT I ON of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and Importation other Dealers, in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose of Sugar. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the present excessive Price of Muscovado Sugar is principally owing to a Deficiency in the Importation of that Commodity from the British) Sugar Colonies in America; and that, notwithstanding the Planters have been indulged by the Legislature with the Liberty of fending their Sugars directly to any Port South of Cape Finisterre, on their Assurances that their Colonies made a larger Produce than could be vended in this Kingdom, yet, instead of fending Home a larger Quantity of Sugar, they have (upon an Average) considerably decreased in their Importation ever since die Year 1739, although they have made no use of such Indulgence, finding the Prices at our Markets to be higher than at ail others; and that, although the Planters themselves may be greater Gainers by a small Importation than a large one, yet the same is, and will be, very detrimental to the Navigation, the Revenue, and the Dealers in, and Consumers of Sugars in this Kingdom; and that the excessive Gain of the British Planters by a deficient Importation (whilst all foreign Sugars are excluded by Duties nearly amounting to a Prohibition) may* probably induce, if it has not already induced, many of them to forbear extending the Cultivation of their Lands for SugarPlantations, especially in the Island of Jamaica, wherein there are large Tracts of Land fit for that Purpose, which dill remain uncultivated; and that the foreign Markets arefuppiied with Sugar from the French at half the Price the same is fold for in England; and the exporting either Muscovado or refined Sugar to any Port in Europe is greatly prejudiced by the high Prices, even to Ireland, where they use the Liberty they have of importing all the Portugal Sugars they can, and White clayed Sugar from Lisbon are received there (as the Petitioners are credibly informed), which in a great Measure defeats the wife Design of the Legislature in granting the Bounty on refined Sugars, which used to be exported from hence in large Quantities; and that the Deficiency in the Exportation of Sugars, and the high Price to which the same are raised in consequence thereof, is not only very detrimental to the Manufacturersofrefining ofSugars, wherein great N umbers of Persons are employed, who depend entirely upon it for the Support of themselves and Families, but the Revenue will thereby be greatly injured, and all his Majesty’s Subjects, who now look upon the L fe of this Commodity asone of the Conveniences of Life, pvt to extravagant and unreasonable Expence; and that the Inhabitants and Proprietors of the Island of Jamdicah avc lately pruftifed the Trade of refining Sugar there; and, in order to encourage it, and farther to dtftrefs their Mo-8 S ther

710 / £3 Martii.: A% 1753.

ther Country, have imposed a Duty of Sixpence in the Pound on all refined Sugars imported from Great Britain, to die great Prejudice of Navigation, his Majesty’s Revenue, and the Manufacturers here; and that, in some of the other British Sugar [(lands, Refining Houses have been fe.t up, and Sugars refined, which is, in the like manner, prejudicial: And therefore praying the Houseto take the % Premiles into their Consideration, and, by a salutary Law

for that Purpose, make it the Interest of the British Sugar Colonies, to extend the Cultivation of their Lands, in order to enable them to raise a larger Produce, and to fend greater Quantities of Sugar to Great Britian, and thereby become niore useful to their Mother Country, its Trade, Navigation, and Revenue; or to grant such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Account of The House being informed. That Mr. Parsons, from Duties on the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the

Sorgted D°°r;

r He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties of x s. 6d. per Hundred Weight imposed on Muscovado Sugars, and 5*. on white Sugars, exported from any of his Majesty’s Sugar Cojonies in America, to North America, for Seven Years, to Christmas 1751; drttinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew, nd the Title of the said Account was read. rderedy That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

BuakR0nbuiu A Bill for repairing the Roads from the . Turnpike RoadjCrW1C at Buckton Burn, through Berwick upon Tweed, to

Lammerton Hill j and from the Road at the South End of Tweedmouth, along Etall Highway, through East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, and through Comhill to Deddoburn; and from the Road at Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called Hornburn; and from the Road near Scramerfton, through Ancroft, to Lickerburn, in the County of Durham 5 and from the Road at Scots Gate, in thefeid Town of Berwick, by the South Side of Hally-down Hill, to a House called The Bound Road House; and from the said Road at Scots Gate, to Whitt at er Low Bridge, and to a Place called 7he Bound Road, within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hunter, Lord Digby, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Willes, Lord Downe, Mr. Wilktnfon, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hale, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Thombagh, General Onslow, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Richards, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Williams, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Haldane, Colonel Vane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hamilton5 and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lane after, York, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pipers Tnn, Mv. Hamilton presented to the House, according to &c. Road. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glaflon, otherwise Glaflond

bury, and Wells, to the Direction or White Post in the Parish of Midfomer.-norton, in the said County: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. WHles presented to the House, according to Order, Banbury t? a Bill to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick: And the same yras received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill for repairingand widening thfe Roads Basingrtome leading irom a Place called Basingitone, near the Town of Roa<k-Bagshot, in the Parish’ of Windlesham, in the County of Suney, through Frimley and Farnbdm, in the same County.} and from thence, through Bentley, HoUyborn,

Alton, Chaw ton r ftcpley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresfsrd'l and Mattingley, otherwise Matter ley Lane, to the City of Winch eft er, in the County of Southampton; was read the Third time. . i

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 36. L. 14. To leave out " Six," and insert " Ten." 1

L. 17. After c< Shilling" to insert cc and ic Six Pence." . '

L. 18. To leave out from " Defaulc" to " and, " in L. ai.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Thar the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Place called Basingstone, near the 'Pown of Bag7 Jkot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Holly burn, Alton,

Chawton, Ropley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Wine heft er, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading Shipton from the Town of Shipton Malet to the Top of Rujb ^&c* Hill, in the Parish of Stone Easton, in the County of Ro Somerset; and from Shipton Malet to the Di red ion Post and Elm Tree, at the Cross Way to Butwell, in the Parish of Almsford 5 and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Ivelchester, to the South Petherton Bridge; and also from Ivelchester to the Cross Post at Vagg Hollo w, in the Parish of Yeovil,; and also from Ivelchester to Sparkford Bridge; and from Ivelchester aforesaid to the South Side of Kings-don Hill, leading to Somerton, and where the Cross Ways meet \ and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Pit-ton, towards the Town of Glaflonbury; and likewise from Prefleigh to Milton Bridge and from Rujb Hill aforesaid to and through the Grounds of John Hippeftey Cone, and to the Poole called The Great Poole; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Gray, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hay, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bit Her,

Mr. Powney, Mr. Kynaston ft Mr. Berkeley, Lord Digby;

Mr. Bacon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Hamilton,

Lord Downe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Which-cot. General Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Robinfotr, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Legb, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Newnham, Captain Frankland, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Barry, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Earle, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Townshend, Mr:

Walpole; and all the Members who serve for the Coun-f tics

16 Geo. II. . 23

jiv

tics of Somerset, Devon, Dorset* Cornwall, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nc^r. A Bill for widening and repairing the High Road from ton oa . Northallerton* through the Towns of Thirsk and Easing-would, in the County of York* to the City of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved* Thar the Bill be committed to Lord Downs* Mr. Poore, Sir Thomas Rcbirfon, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Salujlury* Lord Digby* Mr. Nor they* Mr. Fanshaw* Captain Frank1 nd. Mr. Hale, Mr. Lord Hobart, Lord Robert He tie, Mr. //*;-

vc/, Lord Burleigh, Mr Lyttelton, Lord /?.'?/, Mr Trc-v anion* Mr. Rigby, Mr, Tracy, Mr. Hen Clayton, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Buncombe* Colonel £/f*/> Lord Granby* Mr. Lyster* L.ord Sir Richard Wrot-

tejley. Sir Peachey, Mr. Selwyn* Mr. Ingram* Lord Londonderry, Sir Boivchi^r JVrey, Mr. Coventry, Sip Francis Drake, Mr Bacon. Sir Yonge, Mr. Farrington, Mn

Charlton, Lord Frederick Cavendish* Mr. Cay'ey, Lord Gee. Cavendish, Mr. Grjy, Mr. Thornhagh, C ipt.un Rodney. Sir Thomas Rcbinjon, Mr. Alderman bet hell,. Lord Geo.

Mr. Ler ge* Mr. Fairfax. Mr. Barbor. Colonel Town-Jbend, Mr. Drake, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fitzroy cud amore, Mr. /Tj burton. Mr. Beck*ord, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hunter, Lord Bateman> Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Talbot, Mr. G;//crj, ’ Mr. Heft, Admiral Rowley, Lord G/J£C, Admiral Synge* Sir Danvers OJbcrn, Colonel Powlett, Admiral Townfend\ Mr. Southwell, Mr. Polhill, Mf*. Dowdsfwe‘1; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of 7cre, Durham, Northumberland, Cumber land, Westmcrland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet th a Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lower Comp- An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road toa Road. from effo Haifway House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the C unty of Devon, through the Towns of Yeovil and Crewkcrne, and from the said To*n of Yeovil to Mudford Bridge, Vagg Hollow. Odcon.be, and Whistle Bridge, in the County of Some'Jet, was read the f Third time.

An ingrossVd Clause was offered to be added :o the Bill, by way of Rider, for impowering the Trustees to compound with the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Towns or patting through the Turnpikes upon Market Days.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 1 5. To leave out and."

Pr. 9. L. 5. After Occasion," to insert and ;that of the Trustees may be induced to lessen the Tolls the c* sooner at any particular Gate."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fc- verally put thereupon, ageecd to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crew-kerne, and Chard, to the Eift End of the Town of Ax-minster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

White Sheet An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening die Road HiU,&c. leading from the Top of a Hill called White Sheet Hill, 0 ' in the Great Westcrn Post Road, in the Parish of Don-bead Saint Andrew in the County of Wilts, through the Vol. 26.

Towns oiSbaftofi^ otherwise Shafujlttry, Mi/berne Potte, and Sherbornef in the Counties of Dcffet and Somerset^. and from thence to a House called or known by the Name of, The H If-way House* fieuate in the Parish of Nether, , otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were Tcve rally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 2j. To insert <c John Darner, George Cla-" velH*

L. 27. To insert " John Gould, Nicholas Gould, i€ Waller Carey* Joseph Darner

Pr. L. 4, To infat " James Sindercmbe, Robert " Lumley Kingston

And the said Amendments ,were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.;

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; Aqd chat the Tide be,

An Act for repairing and, widening the Road from the Top of White Sleet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts. through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, apd Sherborne, in the Coun-tieb of Dorset and Somerset, Xq The Half-way House* in jthe -Parish of A ether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dofet, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Lord Digby do carty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Tuesday last, Importatioe for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the of Stt£ar-whole Hodje, upon Monday Morning next, to considerof, the Petition of the Sugar Refiner>, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the borough of Southwark, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, be now read.

And the said Order be ng read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon H'ednesday Seven-; night, resolve irfc-lf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider or the said Petition; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Su.»ar, in ‘he City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Dunclmrch Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 10th Year of the RoaT Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and the oth r passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present M ijrfty, for repairing the Road from Dutlchurch, tQ the Boccom of Mereden Hill, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mo>daunt, Mr. Northey, Mr. Prowse* Lord Dupplin,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Kynaston,

Lord Strange, Mr. Powney, Mr. Fellowes* Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Aligood, Mr. Barrow, Lord Barrington, Mr. Cray,

Mr. Belchier* Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Warburton. Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Whichcot* Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Robinson, , Mr. Buller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Frankland,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Bond, Mr. Dcwdefwell, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Wigley, Mr. JoliJfe, Mr.

Chtilips, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Cholmondeley; and all the lembers who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Staf+ ford* Northampton, and Salop, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Three Sherbrook Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in Road# the Third and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in tfce County

5 o(

Old-street

Road.

712 23° Martii. 1753.

of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster\ of repairing the said Road from Goswell Street, through and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for re- Old Street, to Shoreditch Church, out of the Tolls col-pairing the Road from the School-house in Didsbury, to letted upon the Road leading from Shoreditch Church, the Bridge in Wilmjlowjm the said County of Chester \ and through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, the Petitioners, the for ertding a Bridge over the River Merjey, was read a said Trustees, did not think it necessary to produce any Second time. Evidence upon the said last mentioned Petition

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Legh, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. Northey, Sir' pairing and widening the Road from the Stones End near Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Old miles. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Ker, Mr. Lyster, Street Road\ and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fel- Luke, Midd.efx* to the West End of the said Street, lowes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Fyner, Mr.' next the Pavement in Goswell Street: And that Mr. Cooke,

Gray, Mr. Chester, Mr. Hay, Mr. Delme, Mr. Wilkin- and Sir William Beauchajnp ProBor, do prepare, and bring Jon, Mr. Powney, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. in, the fame.

Berkeley, Mr. Thornton, Mri Barrow, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Gore-, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Ged. Cavendish, Mr. Powlett reported from the Committee, to whom Lobcorrb Lord Frederick Cavendish,\x>v& Strange, Sir Robert Grof- the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and £orner>Sre* venor, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Shuttle-, Land-owners,in the County of Southampton, was referred; worth, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Richards, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Affleck*, and all the Mem- Petition; and had directed him to report the Time, as it bers who terve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report and Derby: And they are to meet th:s Afternoon at Five in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz*.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Mr. Robert Wentworth, said, That he had measured the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Condables, Over- Road through the Villages of Bramjhaw Brooch, and seers of the Poor, Vestry-meri, and principal Inhabitants, Cadenham, and also the Road through and over Tejlwood; of the Parish of Saint Giles, without Cripplegale, Lon- and that the last mentioned Road is the shortest Road by don; and also of the Rettor, Churchwardens, Constables, a Mile and a Quarter; and that Gravel and other Mate-and Oyerfeers of the Poor, Vestry-men, and principal rials lie much nearer the said Road, than the first-mcn-Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County tioned Road.

of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the Vicar, Church- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, wardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads principal Parishioners and Inhabitants, of the Parish of leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winter flow.

Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and ai!o the Corner of Saint Anns Street, in the City of New Sdrum.

Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of to Ealing, in the County of Southampton, is committed; the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Att, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill made in the 11 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in- for repairing and widening the Road through the Villages ticuled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch of Ower and Tejlwood, leading from the City of New Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Sarum to Ealing, in the County of Southampton

Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike

at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex; were severally Mr. Ker presented to the House, according to Order, Edinbargb referred; That the Committee h^d examined the Matters a Bill for eretting several publick Buildings in the City of Strccu% of the Two-first of the said Petitions, no Evidence being Edinburgh, and to impower the Trustees, therein to be produced upon the last of the said Petitions; and that the mentioned, to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and said Two first mentioned Petitions; as they appeared to certain Avenues leading the reunto: And the same was them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; received; and read the First time, and afterwardsdelivered icinatthe Clerk’sTable: Where Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Two first-men- The Lord John Murray presented to the House, ac- Queen's tioned Petitions, the following Evidence was given: cording to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the £^7'&Ck Mr William Thomas, Mr. John Bart hr of Mr. Thomas North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeitb-

Stagg, and Mr. William Kemp, severally said, That the ing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road leading from Goswell Street, through Old Street, in Road from the said Sheen's Ferry, through the Towns the Parish of Saint Luke, to the Bridge crofting over the of Dumfermline and Torryburn, to the Town of Culrofs: common Sewer, which separates the said Parish of Saint And the same was received.

Luke from the Parish of Shoreditch, is in a very ruinous

Condition; and that the same cannot be effectually re- Mr. Fazakerley presented to the House, according to Papish paired, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being. Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for lnrolmenc of Deeds*

Mr. John Banks confirmed the above Evidence; and Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-

laid, That considerable Sums of Money have been laid testant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees: And the fame

out in repairing the said Road to very little Purpose. was received; and read the First time.

Mr. James Praed said. That the Repair of the Road Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

leading from the said Bridge, to Shoreditch Church, has Ordered, That the said Bill be printed,

beep a great Burthen to the Inhabitants; and that they

have borrowed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, which A Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures, payable ComBount hath been applied in the Repair of the said Road, and by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for now remains unpaid; and that, if Provision was made for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn; was read repairing that Road, and the Old Street Road, by a small the First time.

Toll, it would be of great Ease and Advantage to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Inhabitants.

But no Evidence being produced upon the said Two Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Removing first-menrioned Petitions, in order to prove the Propriety Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing the fraudu- Tobacco,)

lent

20 Geo. II. 230 — :24° Martii. 713

lent Removal of Tob&cco by Land or Water, and for the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secoftd time.

Eafc of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time,

the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and upon Monday Sevennight. for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the

Sale of spiricuous Liquors by Retail: And the same was The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Privilege* received; and read the First time. Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. touching the Complaint made to the House upon the 9th

Instant, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House,

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Edward Galley, a menial Servant of Mr. Coventry (a S<medCX~ Account of the Quantity of Sugar exported from Great Member of this, House) had been arrested by William

Ireland!0 Britain to Ireland, from the 25th Day of December 1751, Benton, a Sheriff’s Officer, at the Suit of Robert Gian;

to the 25th Day of December last. Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Mon-

day Morning next.

Account of Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 9th Instant,

BTrr for the proper Officer to lay before this House an Account The Order of the Day being read, for the Hop(e to Ways and

"c 0 of all Debentures made out for the Payment of the Boun- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means,

ties upon Exportation of British-vnzdc Sail-cloth, from consider further of Ways and Means for raising the the i ft Day of June 1750, to Christmas 1752; distinguish- Supply granted to his Majesty; ing each Year, and what Sums of Money due by the said Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Debentures remain unpaid; be now read; ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account of the Amount of the Debentures, made out for the Payment of die Bounties upon Exportation ot British-m*de Sail-cloth, from the First Day of June 1750, to Christmas 1752; distinguishing the Ports, and what Sum of Money, due by the said Debentures, remains unpaid.

LiwtonGate, A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Ikc* Roadi. Place called Lawton Gate, in the Township of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Towns of Sandbach and Middlewich, to the Town of Northwich, and to a Place called Winsford Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Gray, Captain Saunders, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hill, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Poore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fa-zakerley, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rowney, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Wifon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cayley, Colonel Leighton, Mr. li'ilkinfon, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lowndes, General Oglethorpe, Colonel Gore, Mr. Bffleck, Mr. Richards, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gash)y, Mr. Baymun, Lord Barrington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bond, Mr. Ciavell, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hardingo, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fanshaw, Lord Hill/borough , and all the Members, who lerve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Stafford, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers

Hacknry Ordered, That Mr. Walpole senior, Mr. Walpole junior,

Road- Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Turner, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Nathanael Newnbam, Mr. Willey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. West, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Thomas Newnbam, Sir Boucbier Wrey, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Wation, Mr. Locke, Lord Downe, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Legge, Mr. Pelham, Lord Parker, Lord Frederick Cavendtjh, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the nth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill\ and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middtyex, is committed.

Qvjeepsfflrry, A Bill for repairing the Road from the North Queen's kc. Road*. Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeishing and Kmrofs, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen s Ferry, through the Towns of Dunfermline and Torryburn, to the Town of Culrofs 5 was read the First time.

Vol. 26.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Cambrick*. to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Cambricks imported and exported, and the Duties arising therefrom, from Chrifmas 1745, to Christmas 1752, distinguisoing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Silefta Lawns and narrow Germany Liricns imported and exported, and the Duties arising therefrom, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1752, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number and Value of the Bonds given, from Christmas 1744, to Christmas 1752, on the Importation of Cambricks for Exportation* and the Number and Value of such Bonds as remain undischarged, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee;

That they had directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till To-mofroW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, die Martii;

Anno 26° Georgii IP" Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Bowes reported from the Commitree, to whom Durham the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Road, by an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham,in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foupd the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto -, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to bjr the House.

2 T Ordered,

Regulating

Pawn-

broker!.

Hanover

SquareParish.

Redftone Ferry Road*.

Whale

Fishery.

ftegu^ting

Alehouses.

Northallerton Road.

714 240 Martii. ^.1753.

Ordered, 'that the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- bam, was presentecl to the House, and read; taking no-gfofled. t*/cc, That a Bill is depending in the House for repairing

the High Road leading from the City of York, to North-Sir William Yonge reported from the Committee, to allerton, in the North Riding of the County of York, whom the Bill far regulating Pawn-brokers and Brokers, through the Towns of Eastngwold and Yhirjk, in the same within the Bills of Mortality, and Places adjacent; and County and Riding; and alleging, That the Roads from for more effectually preventing the Receiving of stolen the Borough of Stoekton, to the said City, through Yhirjk Goods, was committed; That the Committee had gone and Eafmgwold, are so ruinous, that the Trade is thereby through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- greatly obstructed: And therefore praying, That the said unto; which they had directed him to report to the Bill may pass into a Law.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie updri the Table, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the until the Report be received from the Committee, to Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read whom the said Bill is committed.

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, A Petition of the several Gentlertieft, Freeholders, and North upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with others, living near, or travelling on, the Road from Nor± ton Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: tballerton, in the County of York, to the City of York,

And several Amendments were made by the House to whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Bill. the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill depending

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in the House, for widening and repairing the High Road ingrossed. from Northallerton, through the Towns of Tbfrjk and

Eafmgwold, to the City of York; and setting forth, That Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard in fa- about Three Miles of the Road, lying between Yhirjk your of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of and Yopliff (at which last Place it joins the GreatNorthern the Poor, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, Road) is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot, by the* within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for Laws in being, be effectually repaired, and kept in Re- cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within pair; and alleging. That the repairing of the said Road, the said Parish; against the Petition of the Parishioners of from Yhirjk to Toplijf, will connect the Two Great Nor-the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the thern Roads, and will be of the utmost Benefit to all Per-Liberty of the City of Westminster, whose Names are fons who shall travel thereon, and to the Country in gene-thereunto subscribed; at the same time that Counsel is or- ral: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made dered to beheard upon the said Petition against the said Bill, in the said Bill, for repairing the said Road from Yhirjk to

Yopliff, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Redftone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to The Hun- the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-dred House, and from thence to Monkjbridge, in the Road pear to them, to the House:

to the Town of Yenbury; and from the said Hundred And it is referred to Mr. Yhornton, Mr. Wilkinjon,

House, to the said Town of Yenbury, in the said County, Lord Downe, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ybornhagh, Mr. Bar-was committed; That the Committee had examined the row, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sydenham, Colonel Corn-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; wallis, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Gray, Mr. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colleton, Sir Lynch Cotton, made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Willey, Mr. Bacon, Ge-directed him to report to the House; and he read the neral Oglethorpe, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Knight-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, ley, Mr. Richards, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where Stanwix, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Willes, Mr. Jollffe, Mr. the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Affleck, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve- for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, rally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are of them, agreed to by the House. to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

And several Amendments were made by the House to Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per-the Bill. fons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled. ~ A Petition of William Wrigbtfon Esquire, Chairman, Preservation

Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, Godfrey Wentworth, John of Highw*yi. Ordered, That the Petition of Philip How, on behalf Battie, Francis Wood, and John Lyster, Esquires, Justices of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Two Ships of the Peace for the West Riding of Yorkshire, assembled the Argyle and Campletoun (which was presented to the at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held by House upon the 7th Day of this instant March, and Adjournment, at Doncaster, in and for the said Riding, then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the the Seventeenth Day of January One thousand Seven hun-Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. dred and Fifty-three, and of the Gentry, Merchants,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole said Riding, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was House, to consider of the said Petition. presented to the House, and read; fetcing forth. That the

t Highways within the said Riding, in general, are in great Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Decay,aithough the Inhabitants of Parishes and Places liable Order, a Bill for regulating the Number of Ale-h'oufes in to repair the same have done the Statute-work, and raised that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the great Sums of Money upon themselves by Assessment, more eafyeonvid ing Persons selling Ale and other Liquors from time to time, and notwithstanding the A ids received without Licence: And the same was received; and read from Turnpikes; and alleging. That the Laws in being, the First time- for Preservation of the Highways of this Kingdom, are

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time; not sufficienc for that Purpose; and chat it will be impossible

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. to bring the same into good Condition, whilst such heavy

Carriages, as now pass upon the fame, are allowed, un-A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and fess the Wheels and Tire of such Carriages are made others, of Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County broader than they are at prelcnc required by Law to be: of York, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, and And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be Inhabitants of Stockton, in the County Palatine of Dur* given to bring/inira Bill for better preserving the High

Roads

26 Geo. II. 240 — 160 ^1

Roads of this Kingdom, by enlarging the Breddth and Tire of the Wheels of Waggons, Carts, and other Car-, riages, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until"the Bill for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Roads of this Kingdom, and for the mdre effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, be read a Second time.

Stourbridge Mr. W\Uiam Lyttelton reported from the Committee, ice. Row. to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads leading from the Market-house in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, through Ambleeoat, to Word-sley Green Gate, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Staffordand through the Parirtics of Oldswinford, Pedmore, Hagfey, Clent, and Belbroughtm, to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester; and through Oldswinford, and the Parish of Pedmore, to a Place called Clap Gate, in the Parish of Hagley aforesaid and through the Parishes of Oldswinford and Pedmore aforesaid to the Sign of the Crown at Iverly Hill, in the Parish of Kinfare, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from Blake Down Poole, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Hales Owen, to Ibe Cross of the Hands, near Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally puc thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ctrfifle to Colonel Stanwix reported from the Committee, to whom Workiogton the Bill for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, R01*!* in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea-port

Town of Workington, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroGed.

Hexham A Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Inclosure. Commons, in the Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland', was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allgood, Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir Nicholas Bay ley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Knight ley. Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Barne, Mr. Hay, Mr.'Kynaston, Mr. West, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Chester, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Sandys, General Oglethorpe, Mr, Gray, Mr. Williams, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Richards, Mr. Nugent, General Onslow, Mr. Newnham, Colonel Elot, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kent, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Wilies, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Vol. 26.

Selwyn, Lord Hobart, Mr. Shelley, Lord Downe, Mr. Conyers, Sir William Tonge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lane after, York, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 26° die Ma;

Anno 26* Georgii 11" Regis, 1753.

PRAtERS.

ORDERED, That it be an Instruction to,the Corii- Dover to mittee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and Barham repairing the Road, leading from Barham Down to Dover, Down Roach in the County of Kent, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for restraining the Trustees appointed by, and in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the 3d and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent;> and for repealing so much of a former Act, as appropriates Part of the Money arising by the Toll or Duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the Road beeween the Town of Chatham and Boughton under the Blean, in the said County of Kent, from paving any Sum or Sums of Money, to be laid out towards repairing the said Road from Barham Down to Dover.

The House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, from Accounts of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Rum and

He was called in 3 and, at the Bar, presented to the Sugars im-House, pursuant to their Orders, exported;

An Account of the Quantities of Rum imported into England from the Sugar Colonies, in Ten Years, ending at Christmas 1751; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Exports of the British refined Sugars, from Christmas 1733, uy Christmas 1751, inclusive: And also,

Au Account of the total Amount of the Exports, in every Year, in England, of Muscovado Sugars of the British Produce, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1751:

And also.

An Adcpunt of the Number of British Ships laden with Sugars, and the Quantity of Sugars exported from the British Sugar Colonies to any Port in Europe, South kof Cape Finisterre, since the Year 1739; distinguistjing the Time and Place of Exportation: And also,

; An Account of the total Amount of the Sugars imported into England from the British Sugar Colonies, in every Year, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1751? distinguislring the Quantity which has been imported from each Colony.

And then be withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preforved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflfue his Warrant to the New Wood-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the stock Writ, Elcfting of a Burgels, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi New Woodstock/xn the County of Oxford, in the room of the Honourable John Trevor Esquire, now Lord Trevor, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee* to whom the Stockton, See; Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in ExecutionTwo Road*, several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth and

Twenty-

3(5" Ma

j-1753;

Twenty-Fecond Years of Kis present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through Win ft one, to Barnard CaJHe, in the County of Durham, Ivhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Two Acts, of the 20th and Q2d Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, were rend: And,

Mr. Charles Douglass and Mr. Benjamin Chip said. That they had surveyed the said Road 5 and that, ih many Places, it is very bad, and about Two Miles remains unrepaired.

And they further said, That great Numbers of Liitie and Coal Carriages pass on the said Road; which pay a very small Toll, and, in a wet Season, do a considerable Damage.

And Mh Douglass produced the Treasurer’s Books of Abcdiint; by which it appears, that 6,020/. is now due Upon the Credit of the said Tolls.

And Mh Douglass and Mr. Chip severally said, That unless the said Tolls are augmented, and further Powers given, it is irriplrafticable to repair the said Road, and pay off the Money already borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls*

levant A Petition of thfc principal Merchants, Traders, Clo-Trade. Thiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, in and about the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures to Cotiflantlnople, and other Parts* of the Turkish Empire; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive the most likely Method for restoring so ineftimaWe a Branch of Trade, is to lay it open to all his Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying open the Trade to Turkey to all his Majesty’s Subjects, under such Limitations as the House shall think convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

Gilbert'* de- An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ♦ifcd Land*, for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Gbttcester, devised by the Will of Alice Gilbert Spinster, for raiGng Money to discharge several Debts and Legacies } and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the Uses of her Will $ was read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplm, Mr. Gray, Mr. West, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinftm, Mr. Prowje, Lord George Sackvilie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Robinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hale, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Vane, Captain Stevens, Mr. Potter, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Ramjden, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Alderman Janjfen, Mr. Luke Robijon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Thombagb, Mr. Gafhty, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Phillipjon, Mr. Hume, Mr. Colleton, Sir William Ycnge, Mr. Wijon, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Halftone, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Charlton, Mr. John Yorke, Lord C ary sfort, Mr. Fel'owes, Mr. Kent, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Clay ell, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lewis, Mr. H Hies, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Compton, Mr. Ajftcck, Mr. Vernon, Colonel Stanwix, Colonel Holmes,. Mr. Lane, Lord George Cavendish, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Dcwdejwell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Gloucester, and

Witts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Sir dories Kemyi Tynte reported from the Committee; shipton to *hom the Petition of the Justices, Clergy, and Free- Malet, &c. holder^, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf K*oad* of themselves, and feveril other Persons residing in or near, and frequently travelling through, the Road leading from Butwell, through the Parishes of Butwell and Castle Carei, to a certain Inn called Almsford, otherwise Ansford Inn, in the said Parish of Castle Carey, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wa* read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Caleb Dickinson Esquire, and Mr. Thomas Hughes severally said. That the Road leading from Butwell td Almsford, otherwise AHsford Inn, aforesaid, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot, by the Laws in being, be amended, and kept in Rfepair, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, td whom the Bill for repairing i nd widening the Roads leading from the Town of Shipton Males, to the Top of Rujb Hill, in the Parish of Stone Eaflon, in the County of So-mer/eti and from Shipton Malet to the Direction Poll and Elm Tree, at the Cross Way to Butwell, in the Parish of Almsford 5 and also from Shipton Malet to and through Ivelchester, to the South Petberton Bridge \ and also from Ivtlchester to the Cross Post at Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil 5 and also from Ivelchester to Sparkford Bridge, and from Ivelchester aforesaid to the South Side of Kings-don Hill, leading to Somerton, and where the Cross Ways meet; and also from Shipton Malet to and through Pit-ton, towards the Town of Glastonbury; and like wife from Prejkigb to Milton Bridge; and from Rush Hill aforesaid, to and through the Grounds of John Hippifley Coxe, and to the Poole called The Great Poole; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road leading from Butwell aforesaid, to Almsford, otherwise Ansford Inn.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heron Syb for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Kai(1, Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkby, in Kendall, and from the said Town of Kirkby, in Kendall, through the Town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Burton nj for repairing and widening the Road from the West End Trcut of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to explain and make more effectual an Act, Doncafk passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for Roi(i* repairing the Roads from Done aft dr, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to IVeaiberby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkin-son, Mr. Cayley, Mr. West, General Handafyde, Lord George Sackvilie, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Webb, Mr. Town- j fhend. Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Mortice, Mr. Lyttelton, 1

Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. LafceUes, Mr. I

Charlton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Whichcol, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Merton, Mr. Pi owje, Mr. Dowdejwdl, Mr. Peers, \

*3 Sir j

/N

L»

26 Geo. II. 26° Martii. 717

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Rim chords, Mr. C/avell, Mr. Allgood, Lord Carysfort, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Knigbiley, Mr. General Oglethorpe,

Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr. Henley, Lord D/g£y,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Walpole, Mr Martin, Mr. Thornbagb-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of ?>£, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster, and for Afor/A Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

OandleRoad. The Lord Carysfort presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Oundle, in the County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston, in the Counry of Huntingdon -, from Barnwell, in the said County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston aforesaid; and from the iV/*7* Brofl/r at Hamerton, to Ltfffr End, next the Parish of Gr*df Gidding, in the said County of Huntingdon: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Greenwich Mr. Ellis presented to the House, according to Order,

Poor, &c. a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets thereof: And the fapie was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Stocktoo,&c. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for explaining, amrndirg, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence, through Winjlcne, to Barnard Castle, in the said County; and the other, passed in the 22d Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act; and for the effectual amending of the said Road: And that Mr. Vane, Mr. Bowes, Mr. iMmbton, and Mr. lcmpejl> do piepare, and bring in, the fame.

%’ An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to enable Theodore William Inge Esquire, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate, situate in or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Prowse, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Compton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Legge, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Towvfbtiid, Mr. Kynafcn, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. tyfler, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gtay, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hume, Mr. Legb, Mr. Algood. Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Lane, Mr. Nor-they, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Yotke, Mr. Acourt, Mr. Poore, Mr. Williams, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wiles, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Thomhagb, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Sandys. Sir IVm. Codrington, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord John Murray, Mr. Bold, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Lord Digby, Mr. Med-lycctt, Mr. Webb, Mr. Fane, Mr. Oglethorpe, General Onslow, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Chetwynd; and all the Members who serve for the Councies of Warwick, Stafford, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chanber.

Earl of Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, to whom

Shflburne’j the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Wl1 making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry late

Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed. That the Committee

Vol. 26,

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Catherick Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Bridge Roa^. Act of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Catberick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Catberick Bridge, in the County of York, to Stockton, and to the City of Durham, was read; by which Act several Tolls and Powers were granted for the Repair of the said Road.

Mr. Benjamin Chip was examined; and said, That' all the said Road is 42 Miles in Length; and that all the said Road (except about One Mile) has been repaired; but, as the Trustees have not been able to keep the same in Repair, several Parts thereof are now in a very ruinous Condition:

That the said Road is the common Highway to the Ports of Yarm and Stockton; and is also, in many Parts, for a considerable Way together, the common Road to several Coal Mines, Coal Pits, and Lead Mines.

And it appeared by the Treasurer’s Book, That 6000l. had been borrowed, and was now remaining due, upon the Credit of the Tolls, besides iqo /. for Interest; and that the Tolls collected had amounted, upon a Medium per Annum, to between 5<:oand 600l.

And the said Mr. Chip said, That there are many Hills and Bridges upon the said Road; and that Materials, proper for the Repair of the fame, lie at a considerable Distance; and that the Interest upon the said Sum of 6000 /. and the Expences of keeping the Road in Repair, and of carrying the Act into Execution, will amount to 955 /. \$s. od. per Annum.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catberick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Sedgfield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham: And that Mr. Vane, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Lambton, and Mr. Tempest, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Discovewng 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act the.Long*, for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons tudc' as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and also, that an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for surveying the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the 1 (lands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Longitude and Latitude thereof; might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to an Act, made in the *2th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and also pursuant to

9U

718 26° Mar Hi.

an Act, made In the 14th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for surveying. the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and PJantacions thereto belonging, in order to the moreexaft Determination of the Latitude and Longitude thereof.

1753-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for permitting the Exportation of Wool and Woollen, or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fiiflmorton Sir Charles Mar daunt presented to the House, according

lndofoxe. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Ground, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bridlington An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time, and con-Piers. turning the Duties, granted by several Acts of Parliament,

’ for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington* alias Burlington, in the County of York; and for making the said Acts more effectual * was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for exempting the Port of Great Yarmouth from Payment of the Duties granted for Repair of Burlington Piers.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

«-»*-

Tellers for the Noe,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was brought up, and thrice read. And a Motion being made, and the Quedion being put, That the said Clause be made Part oF the Bill, by way of Rider;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for *e Tees, } >s.

Teller, for the Noes, gfofjg* j V-

t So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, fin Act for enlarging the Time, and continuing the Duties, granted by several Acts of Parliament, for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington* alias Burlington; in the County of York- and for making the said Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation A Motion being made* That the ingrossed Bill for per-of Wool from mitring the Exportation of Wool and Woollen, or Bay Ireland. Yarn, from any Port in Ireland* to any Port in Great Britain, be now read the Third time;

: The House was moved. That the Petition of Charles Amcotts Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Idncobti the Right Honourable the Lord Vere Bertie* and the rest of the Gentlemen upon the Grand Jury, at the Affrzes i held for that County at the Castle of Lincoln* on the Twelfth Day of March 1753 (which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of this instant March* and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read;

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Bill was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made. That the Bill do pafs5; And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Two Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T*s> n«4 act,| 6,. i: So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Hanover Wedfnesday last, for receiving Tomorrow the Report from Square the Commitce, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Parifll* Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint George,

Hanover Square, within the Liberty of fhp City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways within the said Parish; was committed; might be read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Privilege Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House upon the 9th Instant, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House,

Edward Galley* a menial Servant of Mr. Coventry (a Member of this House) had been arrested by William Benton, a Sheriff’s Officer, at the Suit of Robert Gian;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon YburJ jay Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Bntilk lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery; and for regulating the said Fishery, according to the Calendar now in Use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wititid resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Meaw. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, Rated at Lady-day 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, Rated the 10th of October 1752, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1752 hath been disposed of, distinguistied under the several Heads, until the 19 th Day of February 1753; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. j

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they j had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please c6 receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was * directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning , hext,i-efolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Lord Harley, Mr. Pelham* Lord Dup- Lobcoi fltn* Mr. JohnYorke* Mr. Yonge* Mr. Allgood* Mr. Wit- £orncll kinfon* Lord Parker* Mr. Hampden* Lord Charles Dou- Road‘

5 gl*A

1

L.

16 Geo. II. — 17

glass, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Cone, Mr. Browne, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Comer, in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Langford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing> in the , County of Southampton, is committed.

XeifiMry to Ordered, That Sir Ramjden be added to the Com-

Kirkby Ken- mittee to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and dal Road. widening the Road from Keighley in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 2 70 dfo Martii;

Anno a6° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753. Prayers.

Piper* Inn, TVT OTICE being taken. That a Mistake had been &c. Roads, JL w committed in the Order, made upon Friday, the 9th Day of this instant March, That Leave be given fc to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads . 4< leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in 4< the County of Somerset, to and through Claston, other-4< wife Glastonbury, and Weils, to the Direction or White €t Poll in the Parish of Midjorner-nortcn, in the said u County and it being observed, That the Bill, which was since presented to the House in pursuance of the said Order, extended to the Repair of a Road not mentioned in the said Order, although included in the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and capital Inhabitants, of the City of Wells, Borough of Glaston, and Parts adjacent, in the Eastern Di-yifionof the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed (which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of February last); and also in the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred;

And the said Petition, and also the said Report, being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

And the same was withdrawn accordingly.

Then the said Order of the 9th Instant, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Pipers Innt in the Parish of /ijhcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glaston, otherwise Glastonbury, and Wells, to the Direction or White Post, in the Parish of Midfomer-norton, in the said County, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset to and through Glajfcn otherwise Glastonbury, and Wells, to the Direction Post or White Post in the Parish of Mid-fomernorton, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Wells aforesaid, to Rush Hill, in the said County: And (hat Mr. Hamilton, and Mr. Gwynn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation Ordered, That Mr. Martin Blake do, upon To-mor-

of Sugar. row Sevennight,attend the Committee of the whole House,

,to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereuntoIbbscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, aikl ocher Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Brifol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Jcncs do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

..VOL.26.

1 Martn. 719

Ordered, That Mr. John Warren do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Lawrence do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bradshaw do attend the Taid Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Kelland Heath do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Long do attend the said Committee, at the same rime.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hawes do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hardman do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Parker do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Barclay do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Mr. Muir reported from the Committee, to whom the River Cart Petition of the Baillies and Council of the Burgh of Vaifiey, Naviga-in the County of Renfrew, in behalf of the Community of tlon'&c* the said Burgh, and of the P>urgefifes and Inhabitants thereof, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had diredbed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Storey, being examined, laid, That the Town of Paisley carries on a considerable Manufacture of Thread and Linen Cloth, and thin Lawns:

That the said Town is Gtuate on the River Cart, which falls into the Clyde, about Four Miles below Glasgow* but that there are so many Obstructions to the Navigation of the said River, by Fords, Banks, and Rocks, that Vis very difficult for a Boat ro get up to the Town; and that the Witness himself has failed down the said River in a small Boat; but that he and the rest of the Passengers were obliged frequently to get on Shore, on account of the said Obstructions:

That there is not a sufficient Prison, Court-house, or House of Corrt&ion, in the said Town, nor any School-house; and that the Shambles, which are in the Middle of the Town, are a great Nuisance: That the Inhabitants of the said Tpwn have, by Subscription, built, a new Church, but have not a sufficient Fund for the Stipend of a Minister to officiate therein.

Then the Witness produced to your Committeean Account of the annual Revenue of the Funds of the said Town, together with the present annual Expences payable out of the fame, signed by the proper Officer; whereby it appeared, that the Expence of the Town exceeded their Income yearly 3/. 4s.

And he added. That the several necessary Works before mentioned could not beperfe&ed without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart, and for other Purposes: And that Mr.

Muir, Mr. Crawford, and Mr. Hope Weir, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common called Felton Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Inclosure, Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Middleton, Mr Gray, Mr Wation, Mr. Reynolds, Mr.

Muir, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hope Weir, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Prowje, Mr. Wilkmjon, Mr Wiiubcot, Mr Gore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hume, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Kynaston\ Mr. Salusbury, Mr. lyjler, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Hunter, Mr. Fellcwcs, Mr. Sandjs, Mr. Thornhagb Sir

Francis

Livingfiot kc. Road.

Exeter

Roads.

720 27 Ma 1753.

Francis Poole, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Chariton, Mr. A bra* Burnt, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Charles Mvrdaunt, Mr. Marlin* Mr. Compton, Sir Rushout, Mr. tf<r, Mr. Zto/fcr, Mv. Willy* Mr. Aderman Zfo&r, Mr. Taylor* Mr. Burrell* Mr. Campbell, Captain

Mr. Hamilton$ Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Willes 1 Lord Strange, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. A'court, Mr. Fbillipfbu'y and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland', Cumberland, Westmorland, Lane after, York* and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Livingstoun, by the Kirk of Sbotis, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton* to the Town of Stratihaven* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Gray, Mr. Muir, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Wm* Middleton, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Sandys, Lord Strange, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Abra. Hume, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Mr Lyster, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole* Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bowes, Mr Fane, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Ftfz'r-/*#, Mr. Burrell, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Wil/on, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ridley, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Richards, Mr. Afor-they, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt* Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Aflabie, Sir William Calvert, Sir 7. Savilei and all the Members who serve for Aor/i? Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Road leading from the Town of Topsham to the Town of Lympftone, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read 5 taking Notice, That a Bill is now depending in the House, for erecting Turnpikes round the City of Exeter, for repairing the Roads to the said City in particular such Roads as lie within Ten Miles of the said City and that the Road leading from the said City to Tvpsham is part of the Road intended to be repaired thereby; and getting forth, That the Road at the Endof Topsham Town, through a Lane called Pound Lane; and from thence, behind the said Town of Topsham, to Topsham Bridge, in the Parish of Topsham, and from thence, to and through a Lane called Suxpitcb's Lane, in the Parish of Clift St. George, and to Ebford Village, and from thence to Ex-ton, otherwise Exon Village, and to Exton, otherwise Exon Pound, and to Higher Nutwell and Gulliford Villages, in the Parish of Woodbury, and from thence to a Place called Burnt House, nigh Lympftone Town, in he Parjfh of Lympftone; is at present in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and inconvenient; and that the said Road cannot be effectually and sufficiently repaired and widened, by the Methods prescribed by Law; and that the Petitioners and other Persons, whose Occasions oblige them to travel that Road to Exeter, will very greatly contribute to the said Turnpike: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same of the Petitioners into their Confederation; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Sandys* Mr. Hay, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Lyttleton, Sir Richard Lloyd* Mr. Duke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Treby, Mr. Gray, Mr. Walpole, Mr Prowse, Sir Bouchier Wrey* Mr. Taylor, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Eliot, Sir Thomas Hales; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternocm at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed. That Mr. Parsons, from Cudoms: the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Account of Door; Debentures,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Prelemed* House pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Debentures, made out for the Payment of the Bounties upon Exportation of British-made Sail-cloth, from the First of June 1750, to Christmas 1752; distinguishing London, and the Out-ports, and what Sum of Money, due by the said Debentures, remains unpaid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture.

The said Account is preservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for erecting several publick Buildings, in the Rdmbui^k City of Edinburgh; and toimpower the Trustees, therein Street*, to be mentioned, to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ker, Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crawford,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ellis, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Saunders,

Mr. Lockyer* Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kent, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pel* bam, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ridley* Mr. Southwell* Mr. Potter, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Bowes; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, Chichefar a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; Poor, and and for enlightening the Streets, Passages, and open Strecis* Places, within the City of Chichester, and several Places adjoining thereto, and the Close within the said City;

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Mary Tarver Widow, Lady of the Cabbingtoa Manor of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick, was Inclosure. presented to the House, and read; fecting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner and Proprietor of Lands, in the common Fields and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick; and alleging, That if the Bill depending in the House for dividing and inclosing the several common Fields, common Meadows, common Woods and other commonable Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Cubbington, and for fecting out Lands in lieu and Satisfaction for the Tythes belonging to the Rectory Impropriate, and the Manor of Cubbington, respectively, or to that Effect, ftiouldpifs into a Law, the Petitioner’s Interest in the said Manor and Lands will be greatly prejudiced and affected: And therefore praying the House, That she may be heard, by her Counsel, or otherwise, against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner, if she thinks fit, be then heard, by her Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr.

Pipers Inn, &c. Reads.

Glasgow

Roads.

Expiring

Laws.

26 Geo. II. 27

721

Mr. Hamilton presented to the House, According to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of AJbcott> in the County of Somerset, to and through Glajlony otherwise Glastonbury> and Wel/s> to the Direction Post or White Post, in the Parish of Miafomer-norton, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Wells aforesaid, to Rujb Hilly in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolvcdy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committer, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them arc fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clause contained in an Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa) for allowing, during a limited Time, a Draw-back of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported, and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also the Proviso in the said last Act contained. That no Drawback shall be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or should be, imported from the East India and the Coast of Barbary only; and which said Clause and Proviso, by another Act made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were further continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clause and Proviso, by another Act made in the 15th and 16th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sei-Con of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign-made Sailcloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first letting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails made of British Sail-cloth; which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed, or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs, in Informations upon Seizures; which Act was to continue in Force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed, or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and for the Relief of Officers of the Vol. %6.

Customs, in Informations upon Seizures; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Catde in this Kingdom; which was to continue in Force for the Space of Eight Months, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was explained, amended, and continued, and to be in Force, with the said last mentioned Act, for the Space of pight Months, from the 10th Day of Jamary 1746,.and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Acts, by an Act made in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 24th. Day of September 1748, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, werr further continued until the 24th Day of September 1749, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, foe amending, explaining, ind enforcing, the said Acts, made in the 19rh and 20th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the horned Cattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the killing of Cow Calves; and which, by an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 29th Day of September 1750, and from thence to the End of the rhea next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and which, by an Act made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the ift Day of September 1751* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining and enforcing the said Acts; and which, by an Act made in the ljth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 1 ft Day of September 1752, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending the said Acts; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses contained in an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duty upon Braver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to Angle Damages and Costs of Suit, relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which were to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were, by an Act made in the 11th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, continued from the Expiration thereof for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the ad Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty 's Reign, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the AjdV

%x

jit

Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 8th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the First Day of June *754* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, *nd fit to be continued.

Resolved\ Thar it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, nriadie in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies inAmerica, which was toxontinue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which,' by an Act made in the 11 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Se.ven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the chen next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent.Resolutions of the Committee, being Severally read a Second time, were postponed.

Ordered, That a Billbe brought in, pursuant to the Third the said Resolutions, which hath been agreed to by the -'House: And that Mr. Bacon, and Sir John Turner, do prepare, and bring inj the fame.,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,. That they do consider of the Clauses, -Proviso, and- Acts mentioned in the First, Second, Fifth, §nd Srxth, of the TaidReioluuons:of the Committee, which have been postponed.

' ':v V.

Fees of Juf-: A Bill for the settlingandascertaining the Fees to betaken

tices Clerks. by Clerks to Justices of the Peace, was read a Second time.

c Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cor del Fire--brace,'Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Turner, Mr. Fyner, Mr Boren, Sir Francis Boole, Mr. Gray, Lord Barrington, tMr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Powney, Mr. Walpole, "Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Mr >Willes, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Sir William Tonge, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. OJivald, Mr. Torke, Mr. Compton, - Mr. Fe/lowes, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Allgood, Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Taylor,

Lord HiUJborough, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Bouverie, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr Drake, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Thornton, Mr.-Gvsynn, Sir Charles Kernys Tynte, Mr. Whitworth* Mr. Chester*, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robec And thty are to meet this Afternoon at Five ofthcdock,in the.Speaker’s Chamber.

Removing A Bill for more efledtually preventing the fraudulent Tobacco, &c. Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease -of the fair Tradtr ih Tobacco; and for ascertaining the "Rates payable far ihe Portage of certain Letters; and for 'amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of -ISpirimbus Liquors; by Retail; was read a Second time;

J. r-?53.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures, payable CornBountyi by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for the Bounty granted on the Exporcacion of Corn, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Genial Retaking and registering an annual Account of the total girterofPo-Number of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Pulatl0R* Births, and Deaths* and also of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish, and extra-parochial Place, in Great Britain: And that Mr. Potter, Mr. Grenville, the Lord Strange, the Lord Hillsborough, the Lord Barrington, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Charles Torke, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Oswald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Wheie the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Four hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds out of such Monies as havearifen, or shall or may arise, of the Surpluses, Exceflcs, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund comAnonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Eighteen thousand and Thirty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Farthings, now remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1752, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, Thatthe Three last Resolutions, Ways and which, upon Thursday the 8th Day of February last, were Means, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of One hundred thousand M Four hundred Eighty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings ct and Three Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt <c of the Exchequer, on the -fths Excise, granted by an c< Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of their late Majesties " King William and Queen Mary, be issued and applied c< towards making good the Supply granted to his Ma*

<c jesty in this Session of Parliament.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Seventy-nine thousand cc Eight hundred Twelve Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, c< remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery, Anno 1 714, be issued u and applied towards rpaking good the Supply granted " to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

.iC Resolved,

i 70 Martii.

i 6 Geo. Ili

2 70 Mar Hu

Sal'ord, &Ci Hoads.

i . 11

ad

gs

ip:

3fl

:ies

led

to*

bur*

filed

.nc

" Refulved, That the Sum of Fifty-four thou find Five " hundred Eighty Pounds and Nine Shillings, remaining " in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the additional Du- ties, on Low Wines, and Spirituous Liquors, granced by " fever.il A<5b of the 16th and 24th Year* of his Majesty s " Reign, be ifftzed and applied towards making good " the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of " Parliament.*

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to (he said Three lalLmencioned Refoltitions, and also to the Relb* lucionsthis Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr Campbell of Calder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Chape! in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wa dley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Dux-bury, and to a Place called The B.oad Oak, in Worftey, in the County Palatine of Lancaster*, was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of tnc several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscr.ibed, on beha f of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of the Navigation on the Rivers Mercy and Irwell, from Liverpoole to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, referred to the Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which th^y had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of Stratfield Sea, in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the said Parish; and to enable the said George Pitt to take down the present, and erect a new Parish Church there, and for making Roads to the said Church j was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Importation Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported from of Cambnckf. the Committee of the whole*House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks, and French Lawns:

And Sir William Calvert moved the House accordingly* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent ImportatipH of Cambricks and French Lawns: And that Sir William Calvert, Sir William Tonge, and Mr. Alderman Baker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 26.

t

Stratfield Sea Church.

The Order of the Day being read; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whoje House; to consider of the Petition of several Mcrd&hts* Exporters^ and of the Manufactureers - of British Sail-Cloth,’ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said; Manufacture. . 4

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Moz;h-ing next, resolve itself into a Commiccee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill fur enlarging and regulating the Trade,into the Levant Seas;

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantities of Woollen Manufactures have been exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1740* to Christmas 1743, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of March 1743) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Raw Silk has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1743, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 8ch Day of March 1743) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what.Quantity of Mohair Yarn has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1740^ to Christmas 1743, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 8 th Day of March 1743) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Safusbury took the Chair of the Committee. ‘

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salufbury reported from the Committee, That th$y had made a further Progre/s in the Bill: And tWt bC.tya* directed by the Committee to move* That they may h^ve Leave to fit again. , . L 7

Resolved, That this House will, iipon Tlourjddy Morn* ing next, resolve kfelf into a Committee of jthe/wjiole House, to consider further of the said Bill. WV\ u/

The Order made this Day for taking. intor Configuration the Report from the Committee,4jo whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from thel Chapel in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be. taken into Contf-deration Tomorrow Morning. [

The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of Stratfield Sea, in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the said Parish j and to enable the find George Pitt to take down the present, "and erect a new Parish Church there, , and for. making Roads to the said Church; was committed; after ^the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read; '

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning..' A.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.,v ' t

r -♦

t.; t.

M&tiffdi,

Bounty oh Sail Clout.

Levant

Trade.

Salford,

Roads.

Stratfield Sea Church.

714 2§e Martit. 1753

Meriurii, 28 die Martii\

Anno 26° Georgii II41 Regis, 1753.

PjtXYERS.

AnlWto yf R. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addrt& 1V1 Address of Ybwfday last (that his Majesty would be graciously pieased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

fcaland An *ngr°ffed Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers Road, granted by an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York-, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thatthe Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granred by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road eading from Ealand', to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Flimwell An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Veat Road, fading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticeburst, in the County of Stiffen, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the- Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Venty in the Ptarilb of Yiceburst, in the County of Sujffex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the j#ll to the Lords, and delire t^eir Concurrence.

A Me&gc from the Lords, by Mr. Montague, and Mr. Lam:

Mr. Speaker,

Opening The Loris have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exeter Port for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of forlrUh Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, without any 00 Amendment.

And then the MeSengers withdrew.

Portsea Mr. Ybiftlctbwayte reported from the Committee, to Chapel, whom the Bill, for building a Chapel on the Common in the fttrish of Portsoa, in the County of Southampton, and for veiling Power in certain Trustees, for the Regulation thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-tally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That she Bill, with the Amendment^, be ingrossed.

Westounfic? Afotrtron of the Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and other *"»* Inhabitants of the united Parishes of Saint Margaret and Same John the EvangeUft, in the City of PVeftmmfter, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of West-mmfter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many of the said Inhabitants, which hath been presented to ^e House, relating to the paving,

lighting, and cleansing the Streets of the said City and Liberty; and obfrrving, that a very small Number of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Mai'garet and Saint John the Evanyelift (which comprise the City of H'estminster) have subscribed the said Petition; and fettir.g forth, That these Petitioners, in the last Seffcon of Parliament, obtained an Act for the better cleansing the Streets of their Parishes, which, by Experience, is found eflFcftwalty to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and alleging. That the Streets of the said Parishes can be clean fed, and kept clean, at a much less Expence to the Inhabitants than any of the Parishes within the LibcFty of Westminster; and chat, whatever Necertity there may be for an Alteration in the Laws for the better lighting, paving, and cleansing, the Streets of the said Liberty, yet, as the Ways, Streets, and Inlets, from the upper Parts of the Town to the said City are spacious, open Streets, and, by the Laws already in being, may be well paved, lighted and cleansed, and as the other Parts of the said City are bounded by Saint James's Park Wall, Tothill Common, Garden Ground, and River of Yhames, and seldom used but by the Inhabitants, the Petitioners presume that there is no Occasion for the like Alteration of the Laws in being, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets in the City of fVefimhtfter, and fub-mitting the Consideration of the Premises to the House:

And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard against the said Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, so far as it affects the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cou-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many of the said Inhabitants, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Warburton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Under- Navigata* taking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in General Court assembled; and also the Petition of Sir John Glynn Baronet, the Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, within the said Manor; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the several Counties of Flint, Denbigh, Car* narvon, and Anglesey, on behalf of themselves, and others, travelling through the said Counties; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Freeholders within the Manor of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report m his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed, That several Matters, comprised in the said Report, would require the further Consideration of a Committee;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That ehc feid Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Smtfft the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an undivided Share of Tythes in the Ifie of fVtgbt, settled on John Foyle Small, Mary Small his W ife, and John Small their Son, an Infant, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an Eftare in the County of Glomefter, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be rroe; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confentto the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commitcee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at 11 the

ie

i6 Geo. II.

28° Mdrtii.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 25. Leave out " June" and insert" April" The said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Earl she1- An ingr0^ Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act burne’s Will, for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry late Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Potter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Exeter Sir Francis Drake reported from the Committed, to

Road. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders* and principal Inhabitants residing in and near the Road leading from the Town of Tcpsham to the Town of Lymp-stone, in the County of Devon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Claude Paffavant Esquire was examined; and said. That the Road mentioned in the Petition is in many Places in a very ruinous Condition; and that several Parts thereof are very narrow; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending the Road from the Town of Topsham, in the County of Devon, through the Villages of Nutwell and Gulliford, to a Place called Burnt House, near the Town of Lyrnfftone, in the said County.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Ac-

respecting the count of the total Amount of the Sugars imported into cf Su^rs&C# that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the British g Sugar Colonies, in every Year, from Chrifmas 1727, to Christmas 1752, distinguishing the Quantity which has been imported from each Colony.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the total Amount of the Exports in every Year, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of Mufco-vado Sugars, of the British Produce, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1752.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the total Amount of the Exports from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of British refined Sugars, from 1733, to 1752-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Quantity of Sugars exported from London, to any Port of North Britain, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 17 52.

Stlford, &c Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Roads* Consideration the Report fiom the Committee, ro whom the Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Chapel in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Laney to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Duxbury, and to a Flace called The Broad Oaky in Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Com-Vol. 16.

mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, Thar the Order of the Day, for taking into Stratfield Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Sea Church, the Bill for confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of Stratfield Sea9 in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the said Parish; and to enable the said George Pitt to take down the present, and erect a new Parish Church there, and for making Roads to the said Church, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration;

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Dunchiirch Persons, whose Names arc the- unto subsci ibed, on behalf Road* of themselves, and several r.uer Persons residing in, near, and frequently travelling through the Road leading from the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the County of Warwick, to Stone Bridge> in the Parish of Great Packing! on, in the said County, being the Great Road leading to the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road is become very ruinous, and cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill now depending in the House, to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 10th Year of his late Majesty Ring George the Firit, and the other in the 13 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the County of Warwick, for amending and widening the said Road from the Bottom of Meriden Hill, to Stone Bridge aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Wm.

Calvert, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Prowje, Mr. West, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Barry, General Oglethorpe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Nor they,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Colleton,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Bond,

Mr. Dowdeswelly Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. War bur ton,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Buller, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Colleton,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Owen, Mr. Ridley, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Powney, ^Ai.Mackworth, Sir Roger New-digate, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Richards, Lord Strange, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Hardinge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Salop, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Exeter and others, living near, and usually travelling the Road Roadl< from Crediton to Crediton Porches, and from thence to Barnstaple Gross, in the Parish of Crediton, and from thehce through B01O, otherwise called Nimet Tracey, to Oakbampton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefemed to the House, and

H Y read;

Exeter

Road*.

Knight’s

Estate.

Window Duties in Scotland.

British

Fishery.

2 8° Martiu A. 1753.

read; setting forth, Thit the said Road is in a very foun-derous Condition; and cannot be repaired by the common Methods appointed by Law: And therefore praying, That in the Bill depending in the House, for repairing several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, Provision may be made for repairing the said first-mentioned Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Buller, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Dupplin, Mr. John Buller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Powney, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chester, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowse, MV. Lyjler, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Townshend, Sir IVm. Tonge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Rowney, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Willes, Mr. Torke, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Cocks, Sir Henry Erskine, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Owen, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Thorn-hagb, Sir Roger New digate. Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Saunders i and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, Dorset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, living near, and usually travelling the Road from Crediton to New Building, and from thence through Morchard to Chumley, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road is in a very founderous Condition; and cannot be repaired by the common Methods appointed by Law: And therefore praying. That in the said Bill depending in the House, for repairing several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, Provision may be made for repairing the Road from Crediton to New Bridge, and from thence through Morchard, to Chumley, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, living near, and usually travelling the Road from Crediton to Crediton Forcbes, and from thence to Barnstaple Cross, in the Parish of Crediton, and from thence through Bow, otherwise called Nimet Tracey, to Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

r A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting One undivided Fourth Part of Elizabeth Knight, of and in divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late the Estate of Robert Plompton Esquire, deceased, jn Trustees in T rust, to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned. To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the more effectual levying the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Ojwald, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. West, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. p

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others of his Majesty’s Subjects, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act lately passed, for encouraging the White Herring Fishery, all Vessels intended for tSe Utter Fishing in the Western Seas are required to rendez-

vous at the Port of Campbeltoun, in order to their being intitled to the Benefit of that Act; and alleging, That the said Port of Cajnpbeltoun.is very incommodious for all Vessels which go on the said Fishery, from any Part of the Eastern Shore, being obliged to fail a great Way beyond ' the Fishing Grounds, and back again, through a dangerous Sea, which is attended sometimes wich no (mail Risque, and always with great Loss of Time, besides Charges; and that all Vessels going on the said Fishing from the East-ward, pass dole by the Orkneys; and there being at Kirkwall, in the Orkneys, not only a Custom-house, but also a good and safe Harbour, it would be very beneficial if all Vessels going from the Eastward, to the said Fishing, were permitted to rendezvous there; and that, as the Nature of the said latter Fishery requires no more than one Fleet of Nets, it would be a Saving and a Benefit both to the private Adventurers and to the Publick, if the Law required no more; and that the time appointed by the said Act, for the Rendezvpus of Fifiiing Vessels, for the latter Fishing, should be altered conformable to the Stile now in use: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and do therein what to them shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, and for regulating the said Fishery, according to the Calendar now in use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for verifying the Account of Salt delivered, or to be delivered, to the said Society, or their Agents, for curing of White Herrings, under the Acts of the Fifth and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, which have been, or shall be, sent to foreign Markets immediately from Sea, without being first brought into Port.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to gr*l6k resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Fishefy. the said Bill, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr.‘ Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- South Sa ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Com House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, whale resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Fisherjr. consider of the Petition of Philip How, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Two Ships the Argyle and Campletoun.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Accounts of Sugars imported, &c.

Small’s

Estate.

Exeter Rot du

26 Geo. II.

1 90 Mar tit.

yovis, 29* die Mart it;

Anno 26° Georgii II" Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Sugars, which have been imported again into England from Holland, from Christmas 1751* to Christmas 1752, which had been exported thither from England: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar, exported from England to Ireland, from the 25 th Day of December 1751, to the 25th Day o( December last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an undivided Share of Tythes in the Isle of Wight, frrtlrd on John Foyle Small, Mary Small his Wife, and John Small their Son, an Infant, and for laving out me Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an Estate in the County of Glcuc fter, to be settled to the same Uses, w.ts read the Third time.

liefolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bi'l to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, with one Amendment; To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Loruships.

Mr. BuUer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, living near, and usually travelling the Road from Crediton to Crediton Porches, and from thence to Barnstaple Crofts, in the Parish of Crediton, and from thence through Bow, otherwise called Nimet Tracey, to Oakhampton, in the County of Devon whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, living near, and usually travelling the Road from Crediton to New Building, and from thence through Morcbard to Chumley, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petirions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Joseph Johnson, and Mr. Thomas Peake, severally said. That the said Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and are in many Places very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Mr. Thomas Edtury confirmed the above Evidence; and said. That from Kirton to Bow is called Seven Miles, but believes it measures Nine Miles.

John Hippifiey Cox Esquire, said. That he has travelled the Road from Kirton to Chumley; which was in so ruinous Condition, that he ihoughi himself in danger of his Life.

Ordered, Thar it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from Crediton to Crediton Perches, and from thence to Barnstaple Ci ofs, in the Parish of Crediton, and from thence to Bow, other wile called A met Tracey-, and also for rc-Vol. 26.

727

pairing the Road from Crediton toNew Building, and from thence through Morcbard to Chawleigh, in the Road to Chumleigh.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing, amending, and widens Stourbridge, ing, the Roads leading from the Market House in Stour- Koads.

bridge, in the County of Worcester, through Amblecoat, to Wordfley Green Gate, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in t he County of Stafford, and through the Parishes of Oldfwin-ford, Fed more, Hagley, Clent, and Belbroughton, to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, and through Oldfwinford and the Parish of Pedmore, :o a Place, called Clap Gate, in the Parish of Hagley aforesaid* and through the Parishes of Oldfwinford and Pedmore ' aforesaid, to the Sign of the Crown at Iverly Hill, in the Parish of Kinfare, in the County of Staffordand also the Ro.id leading from Blake Down Poole, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Hales Owen, to the Cross of the Hands near Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be,

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford,

Salop, and Warwick, reflectively.

Ordered, That Mr. William Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Banbury Post, near the End of Drayton Lane, in the County of Oxfo d, to the House called the Sun Bifing, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warzvick; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willes,

Mr. War bur ton. Sir Wm. Beauchamp Pr oiler, Mr. Williams,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kjnafton, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Potter, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Strange, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Poore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Thornbagb,

Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Amyand,

Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Best, Sir John Cust, Sir Nicholas Bayley,

Mr. Fairfax, Lord Gage, Lord Burghley, Lord Lux- borough, Mr. Legge, Sir Geo. Lyttelton, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Noel, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Eliot, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Boone, Sir William I by, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Oxenden, Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Tonge, Mr Horatio Walpole, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr.

Charles Frederick, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Southwell, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Edward Willes, My. Edwin, Mr. Geo.

Grenville, Mr. James Grenville-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom Northaller-the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and lon others, living near, or travelling on the Road from Northallerton, in the County of York, to the City of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; Thar the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Oaftler f\aid, That about Two Miles of Road between Thirsk and Topcliff is so bad, that (except in a very dry Season) it is impassable; and if the same was repaired, would open a Communication between the Two great Northern Roads, of the utmost Advantage to the Trade of those Parts; but that such Repairs cannot be effected by the Laws now in being.

Ordered,

728 290 MartiA. 1753.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commitree, to whom the Bill for widening and repairing the High Road from Northallerton, through the Towns of Thirsk and Eafingwould, in the North Riding of the County of York, to the City of York, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Think aforesaid, to Tope Iff, in the said Riding.

Knight’s An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Estate. veiling One undivided Fourth Part of Elizabeth Knighty of and in divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late the Estate of Robert Plompton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees in Trust, to sell the same, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bothervp Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill, lor exchanging, dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands, Common Grounds, Failures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Eastlecb Mar-tiny otherwise Boihervpy in the County of Gloucester; and for making a Recompepce and Compensation to the Rector, in Lieu of his Tythes and Glebe Lands, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sarisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Salford, &c. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Roads. adjoufned Consideration of the Report from the Committee., to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Chapel in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town of Duxbury, and to a Place called the Broad Oaky in Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, for determining the Powers in relation to the Roads from the Four Stutnps, and from Chequer Renty as soon as they shall be sufficiently repaired.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague, and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

D fan The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Harbour. for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots; or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Dyfart, and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Three hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of the said Town, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act paddingto« for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, Church yud. in the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act watlaft for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for Inclosure. inclosing anddividingCanfwicky alias H'atlafs Moory in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Schwrig-to naturalize John James Schweigbaufer, and David Girard, J\auftr*s» &c-with some Amendments: To which Amendments the at’

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Si r Richard Warwick Bampfylde reported from the Com- D^von mittee, to whom the Bill for raisir.g a Sum of Money, by County Gaol, a County Rate, for erecting or purchasing a proper Prison for Debtors in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Sill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,- in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfc ingossed.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to enable the Parish ioners of the Parish churdi of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, Workiiodc. hire, or crest, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish; and for the more effectual Supporc and Employment of the Poor therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for con^ firming the Rates, and giving an Appeal, to the next Session of the Peace.

And the same was twice read with Blanks: Which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Colonel Cornwallis presented to the House, according Mallors* nrw to Order, a Bill to enable James Mallors to purchase Street in Houses and Ground, and to exchange other Houses and Grounds between the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter9 at Westminster, or any other Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, and the said James Mallors; and to enable them to grant to the said James Mallors other Premises on Building Leases, for a longer Term of Years than they are at prefenc enabled to grant, in order to open and make a new Street from the West Side of King Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, to the back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, situate on the West Side of Delahaye Street, in the same Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

% Sir

L.

i6 Geo. IL if Martii. 719

Dunchurch Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Rtod. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto fobfcribtd, on behalf of themselves, and several other Persons, residing in, near, and frequently tray< lling through, the Road leading from the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the County of Warwick, to Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Great Packing-ton, in the said County, being the Great Road leading to the City of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edward Barber, and Mr, John Edfar, said. That the Road from the Bottom of Meriden Hill, to Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Great Packingten, in the County of IVdr-wick, is in a very ruinous Condition; and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fii ft, and the other pasted in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the County of Warwick, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the County of Warwick, to Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Great Packington, in the said County.

Disco?ering Mr. Legge, Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, presented ibe Longi- to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to an Act made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and also, pursuant to an Act made in the 14th of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Purveying the chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Latitude and Longitude thereof.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be penifed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* fideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Hay, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Cnrzon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wiikinfon,

Mr. Gray, Mr Thornton, Lord Duppltn, Mr. Townshend,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ellis, Mr Pitt,

Sir Geo. Lyttelton, Mr. Bond, Mr. Willes, Mr. Richards,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Kent, Mr. Fellowes, M r. Ker, Lord Barrington, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Pcw-ney, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cocks\ and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Levant to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade* consider further of the Bill for enlarging and reguladngthe Trade into the Levant Seas, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins, from Symma, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1718, to Christmas 1721, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the and Day of March 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins, from Smyrna, and the Duties paid there- \

upon, from Christmas 1728, to Christmas 1731, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of March 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of theliri^brts of Raisins, from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1737, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the Houseupon the 22a Day of March 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Salujlury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progrcls in the Bill; and that he. was directed by the Committee to move, That they may haye Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ttiejday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-ofWinc* count of the Quantity of Wines imported into Rochester, Schefler1110 ^or Twenty Years, ending at Christmas 1752, distinguish-cr# ing each Year.

Sopply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to SiikingFund. Order, a Bill for granting a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, lor the Service of the Year 1753: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Qttten'f A Petition of several Noblemen and Gentlemen, Owners

Ferry, &c. of Lands, and others, in the County of Fife, was presented ^etds* to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road from the Town of Inverkeithing, to the Town of Bnmtijland, and from thence to the Town of Kircaldie, in the County of Fife, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That in the Bill now depending in the House, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Dumfermline and Torrybunts to the Town of Culrofs; Provision may be made for repairing the said first-mentioned Road.

Vol. 26.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Privilege, yileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House, upon the 9th Instant, that. In Breach of the Privilege of this House, Edward Galley, a menial Servant of Mr. Coventry (a Member of this House) had been arrested by William Benton, a Sheriff’s Officer, at the Suit of Robert Gian, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- S|mm night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition and Representation of the Trustees appointed by Sir Hans Sloane Baronet, deceased, and of the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and Representation.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Sevennighc.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedneslay Mom* Bounty pa ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole SailQyik, House, to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail Cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture*

8 2 Ordered,

73°

29°: — 3°° Marti!. A. 1753.

J

Whale

Fishery.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pigctt do then attend the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself int& a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Philip How, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Two Ships the Argyle and Campletoun.

Keighley to Ordered, That Mr. Nugent, and Mr. Edward Mon-

Kirkby Ken- tagu, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dal Road. repairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, toKirkby, in Kendal, in the County of hVeftmorland\ is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisj 30° die Martii j

~ Anno 26° Georgii IldI Regis, 1753*

Prayers. ’

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Hauler's & C^C Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill,

"8,&c* intituled, An Act to naturalize John James Schweigbaujer, and David Girard.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed); viz.

Pr. 1. L. 6. After u Switzerland" leave out <cand".

L.J8, After u Switzerland'*. insert " Christian u Von Hobendorff, Son of Lawe Von Hobendorff by Catha* jrjna Margaret a his Wife, born at MoJe in Norway, " John Lewis Andiey Son of William Andiey by Mary his J* Wife, born ac Genoa, and Andrew Sell on, Son of Francis V. Sellon, by Louije His Wife, born at Nijmes, in the Pro-€t yincc of Languedoc, in France",

L. 17. Leave out " and".

L. 18. After " Girard" insert (t Christian Von u Hobendorff, John Lewis Andie, and Andrew Sellon".

L. 30. Leave out " and" and after " Girard99 insertc< Christian Von Hobendorff, John Lewis Andie, and Andrepo Sellon".

' Pr. 2. L. i‘8. Leave out " and".

.. L, 19. After " Girard’* insert<c Christian Von " Hobendorff, John Lewis Andie, and Andrew Sellon".

L. Leave out " and".

: L. After " Girard" insert<c Christian Von Ho-

H bendorff’ jW;* Ltw/’j Andie, and Andrew Sellon \

In the Title of the Bill leave outi€ and", and after c< Gi-t€ rard" add " Christian Von Hobendorff, John Lewis t t- " Andie anti Andrew Sellon".

,*r , The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

u. Older fid. That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

GrtfctwteT A Bill for die better; Relief and Employment of the

PooiY*&d Poof in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of 'Kent, and for repairing the Highways, and cleaning the -Streets thereof; was read a Sccdnd time.

-.^.Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

1hyfter, Sir William Yonge, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr, Compton, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Legge, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Betbell, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bowes, Mr. 'Fellowes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Berkeley> Mr. Tracey, Sir

..... Danvers Osborne, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gren-

'ville. Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. West, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Caley, Lord Barrington, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Wtlkin-Jon, Mr. Hunter, Sir Robert Burdeit, Mr. Philipfon, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

A’ court, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nor they, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Powney, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Watjen; and all the xVfembers who serve for the Counries of Swry, and Essex, and for the Cinque

Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Durham granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Road. Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road, leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County; was read the Third time.

An ingrotTed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for incapacitating the Mayor and Recorder, from acting as Trustees, unless Qualified as the Other Trustees are required to be.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank j which being filled up,

The said Clause was read the Third time: And, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating Pawnbrokers and Bro- Regujat* kers within the Bills of Mortality and Places adjacent; Pawn-and for more effectually preventing the Receiving of stolen broken. Goods; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for regulating Pawnbrokers and Brokers within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex 5 and for more effectually preventing the Receiving of stolen Goods.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Bethell, according to Order, reported British from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Fishery* Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, and for regulating the said Fishery, according to the Calendar now in use; and for ocher Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported froift Privilege, the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter as it appeared to them touching the Complaint made to the House, upon the 9th instant, that, in breach of the Privilege of this House, Edward Galley a menial Servant of Mr. Coventry, a Member of this House, had been arrested by William Benton, a Sheriff’s Officer, at the Suit of Robert Gian, and the Refolucion of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove whac is alleged in the Complaint, your Committee examined.

The said Edward Galley, who said, That on Friday, the 2d of this instant, he was arrested by William Benton,

an

16 GeO. IL

an Officer of the Marshalsea Court, at the Suit of Robert the Money; and added, that he believed he could ge^ it Clan, for Two Guineas, on Account of a Wager: That for him: To which the Witness replied, That he desired Benton came to his Mailer’s Door, and told the Witness but his own Guinea; and if Benton could recover the Debt, he had a Writ against him, and that he was his Prisoner, he might take the other Guinea for his [ rouble: Upon and thereupon calfyd in his Follower: That the Witness which they went to arl Attorney, where’he, the Witness, < acquainted his Mailer wirh what had happened, who J swore to the Debt of Two Guineas, but he does not know: ordered him to fend up the Officer to him; which he the Attorney’s Name: That he knew Galley to be Mr*, accordingly did: Coventry's Servant, bur did not tell the Attorney so; nor

That he had never seen Benton till the Day before, when did he acquaint him with the Manner in which the Debt: he called at his Mailer’s House, and a iked if ’Squire Co- was contrafted.

ventry, Member of Parliament, lived there; and that ' Upon the whole Matter the Committee came to the his Pretence for calling, was to enquire for one Edward following Resolution: (* ,»

Cannijler: Then/ RefolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Peter Arnaud, being examined, said, Thatabout a Fort- That William Benton, an Officer of the Mttrflalfea Cotxn, night ago he met Benton the Officer at the upper End of having, on or about Friday the dd of March, arrested Bond Street, und that from thence t^ey wmt to a Ptibhck Edward Galley, a menial Servant to the Honourable John House in Abemarle Street: That Benton sent him to Mr; Bulkley Coventry Fifquire, a Member of this House, is,

Coventry's ro esquire for FAward, Mr Coventry'* Servant, thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this and directed him to leave Word that a Person want d to House.

speak with him at the King’s Head: 'I hat a Maid Ser- The said Resolution, being read a Secondl time, was, vanr, who opened the Do r, t<dd him, that Edward was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House. with his Mailer: He went back t the King’s Head, and Ordered, That the said Wiliam Benton be, for his laid some time after re turned ro Mr. Coventry's, where he Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant found Edwaid Galley at the Door; and . hat Benton then at Arms attending thL House,

went up and nrrdted him. ’ «f?.

Being a Iked whether Benton told him of his Intention A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague, and'Mft: *J! ’*

toamfthim, he laid; He knew he was an Officer; and Waple: - - «> v. it r.

that, at their Meeting in Bond 't;eer, he informed him Mr. Speaker,' ~ n inflnr.

that he had an Action against Mr. Coventry's Servant, and The Lords have agreed to the BilL intittded,°An Act'sg^ intended to arrtft him. for repairing and widening the Roads leading 6wm:a. Place -Roads.

Being alked, whether he knew that Mr. Coventry was a called Bofing Stone,near the Town of Bagsbot, in the Pa-Member of Parliament; he laid. He did not: That rish of Windleflam, in the County of Surry, through firim*?

Benton told him he was not a Member. ley and Farnham, in the fame. Connor, and frbm rhence,:

Being farther alked, how that Dilcourse about a Mem- through Bentley, Hcllxboen, Altony Charwtcn, Reply* ber of Parliament arofc; he said. That Bent on y when he flops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mati&igley, other wise acquainted him that he had an Action against Galley, alked Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchefe~, iiuithe County him if he knew whether Mr. Coventry was a Member of of Southampton, without any Amendrmmt-: AngLalfty Parliament; to which he answered, he could not tell; The Lords hive agreed to the Brill/intituled An Act ^bite Sheet what Reason he might have for alking that Question, or for repairing and widening the Roads from the Top\of c% whether he had any Doubt about it, he could not say. White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhcad Saint Andrew,

Then the Writ for arresting Galley was produced to the in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shape/-Committee, and read. bury, Milbome Party and Sherborne, in the Counties of

Then the Committee proceeded to hear the Parties Do Jet and Somerjety to the Halfway House, in the Parish of: complained of: And, Nether, ot her wile Lower Compton, in the said County of

William Benton, the Officer, being asked what he had to Dorset\ and several other Roads near the Towns of say in his Defence, acknowleged that he arrested Galley, in Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; without any Amend-. the Manner fee forth by the tormcr Evidence. menc: And also,

That upon his arresting him, he desired Leave to go The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lower Comp* up to his Mailer, which he readily granted him. for repairing and widening the Road from the Uafvtay 1011

That Mr. Coventry then sent for the Examinant up- House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the Xwnty Hairs; ordered him to produce his Writ; and alked him, of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkewt, and whether he did not know he was a Member of Parliament; Chard, to the East End of the Town oi Axminster, in the to which he answered, that he did not: That Mr. Coventry County of Devon; and several other Roads rourid thefakt; then shewed him the Cover of a Letcer, franked with his Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset , without any Name: Upon which he said that his Word was sufficient; Amendment: And also, '4

that he wanted no other Proof; that he found he had com- The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made? by Smair« ipitted an Error: And immediately discharged the Ser- this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of an sutate. vant, declaring he had nothing farther to say to him. undivided Share of Tythes, mxhzlfte of Wight, settled on Being asked, whether he had not called at Mr. Coven- John Foyle Small, Mary Small his Wife, and John Small try's the Evening before, and what passed at that Time; thftr Son, an Infant; and for laying out the Money arif-he owned. That he had called there; but denied, that he ing by such Sale in the Purchase of an. Estate, i*i the enquired for Mr. Coventry by the Title of Member of County of GlouCefter, to be settled to the same Uses.

Parliament; and added, that nobody was present when And then the Messengers withdrew, he called.

Being alked who was the Attorney employed; he an- Mr. Potter presented to the House, according to Or- General fwered, Mr. Gilburne-, but that he had the Writ of his der, a Bill for taking and registering an annual Account of

Clerk; who, he believes, did not know that the Defendant of the total Number of People, and of the total Number °pu a 1 was a Member of Parliament’s Servant. of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total

Then the Committee proceeded to hear Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish and

Robert Gian, who said. That about this time Twelve extra-parochial Place in Great Britain: And theiamcwas Months, he and Edward Galley laid a Wager of Two Gui- received; and read the First time, neas, which the Witness said he won, but Galley took up Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

the Money, and carried it away with him; and afterwards A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

cold him, lie had put the Two Guineas into the Hands of That the said Bill be now printed, one of Lord Coventry's Servants: That after this, Galley avoided seeing the Witness; who meeting with Benton (whom he knew to bean Officer of the Marshalsea Court) acquainted him with the Affair; who told him he had won Voi,. 26.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

rp 11 p 1 -r f Mr. CometJball, Tellers for the Yeas, jM[ rw, p},:

} 3' Teller*

L.

731 3 °° — 31 ° Mar tit. A. 1753.

So it passed in the Negative.

Com Bounty. Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for the Rouncy granted on the Exportation of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Townfhendtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Townfhendreported from the Committee, That they h*d made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee 10 move. That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved'* That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Hanover Colonel Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to Square whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of Farish. the Poor in the Parish of Saint George Hanovet Square* within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parish; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in:

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, against the Bill, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel for the Bill were heard, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, against the Bill, having been heard by way of Reply j

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Qoeftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendment* were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ways and Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Mcao*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Hraton Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom

fedofure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and arable Fields, Meadows, and waste Grounds, in the Hamlet of Hinton, in the Parish of Woodford cum Mem-Iris, in the County of Northampton* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenc to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction of the Committee \ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- King’s Bead* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Prison. House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the King's Bench Prison, and of the Office of the Marshal of the Mar-Jbalfeaof the Court of Kings Bench, and of the Appendix thereto annexed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the plundering whole House, to whom the Bill for enforcing the Laws Shipwreck* against the Persons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Persons suffering Losses thereby, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Fishery. consider of the Petition of Philip How* on behalf of him-ftlf* and the rest of the Owners of the Two Ships the Argyle and Campletoun.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 31 Q dieMartii;

Anno a6* Georgii II41 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Lamlton presented to the House, according to Stockton, Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and itc.Road. making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the aoth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Hi^h Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham* to Darlington* and from thence, through Win-fione* to Bernard Castle, in the said County; and the other paCTed in the 2 ad Year of his said Majesty *$ Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned A&* and for the effectual amending of the said Road; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Fishery. consider of the Petition of Philip How% on behalf ofhim-self, and the rest of the Owners of the Two Ships the Argyle and Campletoun* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved. itself into a Cofnipictee of the whole House, to consider of the said petition.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they* had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gray* according to Order, reported from the pjun,]cr;na Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill foren- shipwreck

forcing

16 Geo. IL ^i° Martii. ^33

forcing the l.aws against Perforts who shall steal or detain flip wrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Perf>ns suffering LoiTes thereby, was committed; the Amendments which the Commircec had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him ro report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qu^ftion severally put thereupon, one of them was dif-agrred to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Good* of small Value.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An: an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfcd.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Woollens ex- count of the Quantities and Value of the Woollen Manu-TJikeyl° factures that nave been exported to Turkey from Christmas

1740 to Christmas 1752; distinguishing each Year.

Preston Pans Mr. David Scott preTented to the House, according to Haibuur. Orrlrr, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Ptcfton Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, other* ife Iladdingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo.vcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hpa Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ajbcott, in the County of Somerfel, to and through Glajion, otherwise G/aflonbury, and Wells, to the Diregion Post, or White Poll, in the Parish of Midfomer-Nortcn, in the said County; and also the Road leading from We is aforesaid to Rush Hill, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamilton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bondi Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ellis, Mr. DowdeJwell, Sir Naihanael Curzcn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Hoblyr, Mr. Gray, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Kery Lord George Sackvil/e, Mr. Gore, Mr. Scott, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hale, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Lockyer^u William Codrington, Mr. Barry, Colonel Stan-wix, Mr. Allgoody Mr. Peachey, Mr Locke, Sir Whi/lfer Webster, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lane, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mcrrice, Colonel Leighton, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Willes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ridley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Dover to The Lord George Sackville reported from the Com-Barham . rr.ittec, to whom the Bill fur amending, widening, and Down Road, repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Down, in the Counry of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agieed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

VOL. 26.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from bundle, in Ouncfe* the County at Northampton, to Altonbury cum Weston, in thg County of Huntingdon, fronn Barnwell, in the said County of Northampton^ to Alconbury cum Weston afo:e-said, and from The Mile Brook at Hamer ton to Wood Lane End, next thj Parish of Great Gidaing, in the said County of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed r6 Lcrd Carysfort, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Bbuverie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Buller, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Wilson, Mr. G>ay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyfieri Mh Berkeley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wtlkinjnn, Mr.

Verhbn, Mr. Fazdkerley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Fehowes, Mr.

Montague, Mr. William Lev. Gower, Mr. Baptist Lev.

Gower, Lord Tventbam, Lord Burghley, Sir Richard Wrot-tefley, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hale, Mr. Thomas Cork, Mr.

Charles Gore, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Kent, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Hillfboroitgh, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord George Sackville, General Oglethorpe, Lord Granby; and all the Members Who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon,

Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, Cambridge, Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill fdr the better Relief and Employment of the Chichdfe/ Poor; and for enlightening the Streets, Passages, and open Poor an<* Places, within the City of Chichester, and several Placed St*ecu-adjoining thereto; and the Close within the said City; was rend a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Hardingi, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Dalflone, Mr. Bou-verie, Mr. Gray, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Colonel Cornwallis,

Mr. Lyfler, Sir William Beauchamp Pro51 or, Mr. Fellowes,

M r. Cooke, Sir John Ramjden, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Page, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Lambton, Mr, Townshend, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Gildart, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr.

Scott, Mr. Hale, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kent, Mr. Richards, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Ker, Mr. Belchier, Sir William Codring-ton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Nugent,

Colonel Acourt, Mr. Willes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ridley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex,

Southampton, Surry, and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That \lr. Speaker do iflfae his Warrant to New Sarurt the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wr,u Eleftirgof a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Edward Poore Esquire, who, since his Ele£lion for the said City, Hath accepted the Office of one of his Majesty’sJ offices of the Counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan, and of the Town and County of Hav erf ofd-zveft, and of the County and Borough of Carmarthen, within the Principality of Wales,

Mr. Lamllon presented to the House, according';to Catherick Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Bridge Road* T wencieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of York, to Farm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Dw ham, and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham: And the same was re- ccived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con- Sothcrup sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the inclosure. Bill for exchanging, dividing, inclosing* and reducing meo

9 A Severalty,

Hackney

Road.

Lofccomb Correr, Sec. Roads.

BucktonBurn and Berwick Roads.

734

Severalty, the Lands, common Grounds, Pastures, feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the Manor and Pari Hi of East lech-Mar tin, otherwise Botberup, in the County of Gloucester; and for making a Recoin pence and Compensation to the Rector, in lieu of hisTyches and Glebe Lands; was committed;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Confederation.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hourc.

Ordered, That , the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. v

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the i ith Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and across Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in ihe County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the ‘House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

j. 1753.'

merfton, through Ancrcft to Lickerlurn, in the County of Durham; and from the Road at Scots Gate, in the said Town of Berwick, by the South Side of Hallydown Hill, to a House called *1he Bound Road House j 2nd from the said Road at Sects Gate, to Whit later Low Bridge, and to a Place called Jhe Bound Road, within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Gildart do make the Report from Liverpool^ the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term &c. Road, and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liveipoole to Prefcot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lan-coffer*, and also for repairing the Road from Prefcot, through Whiff on, Rainhill, Bold, and Sankey, to the Town of Wairinglon; and also the Road from Saint Helen, to Ashton, in the said County Palatine; was recommitted.

Mr. Gildart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Gildart have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by che House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

31° Martii — T'

Mr. Bottverie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Wintsrffow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and from the Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County o\ Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments . thereuntb; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- ' wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table,

And the House being informed, That some further Alteration might be proper to be made in the Bill;/

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie, have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted to the ’ Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Watson, General St, Clair, Captain Mackie, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. John Stewart, Colonel Campbell;Colonel Abercrombie, Loxd.Panmuret Mr Campbell, Lord Dupplin, Sir Henry Erskine, Lord Erskine, Mr. Ker, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Scot, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Oswald, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Buckton'Burn, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lam-in er ton Hill; and from the Road at the South End of Tweedmouth, along Etall Highway, through East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, and, through Cornbill, to Deddoburn; and from the Road at Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called Hornburn;, and from the Road near Scra-

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 20 die Aprilis;

Anno 26° Georgii ILdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Cooke presented to the House, according to Old Street Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road R<wd* from the Stones End, near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Old Street Road, and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the same Street, next the Pavement in Gcfwell Street: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Hillmorto* common Pastures, common Meadows, common Ground, Incloiurc and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Hill-morton, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Northey, Sir Lynch Cotton,

Mr. Bacon, Sir William Courtenay, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyster, Mr, Compton, Mr.

Owen, Mr, Kynaston, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Williams, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Dalftone, Mr. Charlton,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hard-inge, Mr. Gore, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hale, Mr.

Baynlun, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Ord, Mr.

Affeck\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Northampton, and Leicester: And rhey

i6 Geo. II.

they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber.

2° Aprilis.

735

Gilbert’* deviled Lands.

The Lord Dupplirt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Gloucester, devised by the Will of Alice Gilbert Spinster, for raising Money to discharge several Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Uses of her Will, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cortfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read and is as followeth* viz.

Pr. L. After " Marriage," insertu and Death."

The said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County.

Ordered, That Colonel Stanwix do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

hge’s Eftatr. Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrofil d Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Theodore William Inge Esquire, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate, situate in or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee* and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

at Five of the Clock, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Affleck and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Leicester, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

CarHfte to

Workington

Road.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Whale Committee of the whole House, to whom ii was referred to consider of the Petition of Philip How, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Two Ships the Argyle and Campletoun, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House which he read in his Place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Ships mentioned in the Petition were properly fitted out for the Voyage to Greenland, and did proceed on and make such Voyage, and returned with Three Whales.

Rejofved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury be impowered to direct, if they think fit, the Payment of the Bounty, which the Petitioners would have been intitled to, in case they had complied with all the Forms and Regulations required by the Acts of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Wilson reported from the Committee, to whom the Brougti Bill for repai. ing the Roads from the East End of Brough Road*. under Stainmore. in the County of Westmoreland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to* and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be intruded.

O

Privilege. The House being informed, Th$t the Persons complained of, upon the 19th Day of March last, for a Breach of Privilege committed against John Jolliffe Esquire, a Member of this House, had made Satisfaction to the said John Jolliffe Esquire, in relation to the said Breach of Privilege

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges 2nd Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Edward's A Bill for establishing and confirming the Surname of Name. Edwards to and upon Gerrard Anne Edwards Esquire, Son of Mary Edwards decealed, and his Ifiue, and the Husbanus of such of his Daughters, and their Issue Male, as shall become intitled to the Estates of the said Mary Edwards, under her Will and for enabling them to bear the Arms of the Family of the said Mary Edwards, pursuant to her Will; was read a Second time.

Ref rived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord\ Mr. Sergifon, Sir John Turner, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Latnbe, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Medly-cctt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lyjfer, Mr. Hale, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Rcbinfon, Mr. Wilkinfcn, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Barrow, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Prowje, Mr. William Ord, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wode~ house, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cocks,' Mr. Feilowes, Mr. Lrwis, Mr. Kent, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Vernon, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Gajkry, Mr. Peachey, VoL. 26k '

Mr. Hale reported from the Committee, to whom the Enfield,

Bill for continuing and giving further Powers to the Truf- Roads, tees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford* and for amending the Road from the said great Bridge to the South End of the great Bridge at Wades-mill\ and from the great Road at Cheshunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford, was committed That the Committee had considered the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Waltham Holy Cross, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed* referred 10 the Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Mr* Bouverie reported from the Committee, to whom Lobcomb the Bill for repairing and widening t\\t Roads leading from Corner, &c.

Lobcomb Roads.

1

Fivehead, Sec, Roads.

G'afgow

Roads.

River Cart Navigation.

Regulating

Aiehouses.

73 6 2° Aprilis. 1753.

Lobcomb Corner', in the Parish of Winterflow, to Hambam Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Pari fhes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County of Southampton, was re-committed; That the Committee had made another Amendment to the Bill 5 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from the Red Post in the Parish of Fivehead, where the Taunton Turnpike ends, through the Parish of Curry Rivell, the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to But well, near the Bottom of Alms fori Hill; and also from The Bell Inn, in Curry Rivell aforesaid, to Puckington Lane; and from Cary Bridge, in the Parish of Somerton, to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

jRefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Campbell, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Muir, Lord John Murray, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Earle. Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Charlton, Mr Hardinge, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. £///V, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkinson., Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bond, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Buller, Mr. CW, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kent, Mr. Richards, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Affleck, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Clavelly Lord Hobart, Mr. Gar* 5 and all the Members who serve for Britain: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Mur presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies <SV0/r, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Gar/; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for regulating the Number of Aiehouses in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more easy convicting of Persons selling Ale and other Liquors, without Licence; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse, Sir John Turner, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Chester, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Harvey, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Townshend, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Gajhiy, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Walter Blackett, Lord Strange, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Conway, Mr. Shelley, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. F///j, Colonel Stanwix, Lord Hobart, Mr. Nugeut, Lord HillfbOrough, Sir Ramjden, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Lionel Pilkington; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for taking and registering an annual Account of the total Number of People, and of the Total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths 5 and also of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish, and extra-parochial Place in Great Britain; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting One undivided Fourth Part of Elizabeth Knight, of and in divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late the Estate of Robert Plompton Esquire deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downe, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Charlton, Sir Wm. Yonge, Lord John Murray, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. West, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hay, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Lyster, Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hale, Lord Hobart, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Potter, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Selwyn, Mr Vane, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bond, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. P/Vr, Mr. Powney, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Garth, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Kent, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Compton, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord Egmont, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Conyers; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Afor/£-

umberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of <S7r*/-field Sea, in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the said Parish; and to enable the said A7/ to rake down the present, and erect a new Parish Church there; and for making Roads to the said Church; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of Stratfteld Sea, in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the said Parish; and to enable the said George Pi\t to take down the present, and erect a new Parish Church there; and for making Roads to the said Church.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repairing the Road from the North Queens Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Dumfermline and Torryburn, to the Town of Culrcfs.

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Murray, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. 7. Campbell, Lord Dupplin, Lord George Bentinck, Lord Verney, Sir Kenrick Clayton, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Preftor. Colonel Conway, Lord Ancram, Mr. Earle, Mr Bacon, Mr. Granville, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Hume, Lord Bateman, Mr. Abra. Hume, Sir Nicholas Bayley, Mr. Hill, Lord H. Beauclerk, Mr. Ingram, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Geo. Beauclerk, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Digby, Mr. John Frederick, Colonel Waldegrave, Sir Charles Mordamt, Colonel Griffin, iMr. Potter, Mr. Jenyns, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Yorke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.. Fane, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Henley, Mr. Ca-

General P*-giller of Population.

Knight'*

Estate.

Stratfield Sea Church.

Qitee*>sfn &c. Roac

r

a5 Geo. If.

Mr; Chtl&ynd, Mf. BoUvbrit, toloncl Akbitri; Mr. 4hbfyn, Mr. Colleton, Sft Fronds t)rdkb, Sir ThotHat Hbbtnfito, Colonel Slantvix, Mr. MyddeHon, Mr. Oweri, Sir 'Lynch Cotton, Mr Williams, Mr. Fellowe j; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all who come to the Committee *re to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ttfaa<tO|*c. tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for moste effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water; and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of spirituous Liquors, by Reta I;

Rtfohed, That this House will, upon Wednesdoy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr Speaker less the Chair.

Mr Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-Morrow Morning.

fcttfieU, ice. The Order made this Day, for taking into ConGderation tab. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and giving further Powers to the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said great Bridge to the South End of the great Bridge at Wades-mill; and from the great Road at Chefbunt to the West End of Small Lta Bridge, in the said County of Hertford; was committed; alter the House shouki have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Cohftderation.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera-Corfter, &c. t,on the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill lotto. for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lob-comb Corner, in the Parish of Winterflow, to Harnbam Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County of Southampton, was rc-commicded, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said* Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon

Voip z6.

diprish. 73

the Qtieftfon feVfc rally put thereupon, with an Xmehd* merit tri Ont of them, agreed to by the Hbufe:

And ah Amendment was tfcadehy the Hbufe to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with thfc Amendments, be ingrafted.

And^ then the House. adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MartiSj 30 die Apriiis;

Anno 26* Georgii tVl Regis, 1753.

PRAYEks.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Oxenfori, Account p?

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended Wine im-at che Door; Ported ,nt*

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Rochcftei-Hou'e, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of che Quantity of Wines imported into Rochester, for Twenty Ytars, ending at Christmas 1752; dieting.ishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prelcrved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Legb reported from the Committee, to whom the sWbrook© Bill to continue and render more effectual Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign his late Majesty King George the First, and ift the 1 hird and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hi, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the I own of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancajlet, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; arid fcfr repairing the Road from the Schcbl-house, in Didfbury, so the Bridge in Wilmslow, in the said County of Chtjler\-and for erecting a Bridge over the River Merfey\ W&s committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and m&de several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at che Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That forhe further Alterations are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to thi Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Sir Bourchier Wray presented to the House, according AiWg«e toOrder,a Bill to enable thcOwners of Houses and Lands, Church, in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldefgate, in the City of London, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Warburlon reported from the Committee, to bee whom the Report from the Committee to whom the Pe- ^avi^tion. tition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation 01 the River jDee, in General Court assembled; and also the Petition of Sir John Glynn Baronet, the Lord of che Manor of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, within the said Manof; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Counties of Flint, Denbigh, Carnarvon, and Anglesey, on behalf of tncmfeiveSj g B fen«

l}ee

Navigation.

738 30 Apr il 53.

and others travelling through the said Counties 5 and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Freeholders, within the Manor of Hawarden, in the County of Flint i were severally referred; was re-committed; That the Committee had reconsidered the said Report; and had directedhimto report the Matters of the said Petitions, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Reportin'his Place, and afterwards delivered it- in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Two first-mentioned Petitions,

An Act of Parliament, of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read; whereby it appeared. That Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs and Assigns, and Nominees, were appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, and, at their own Charges, to make and keep the said River Dee navigable to a certain Point within the Liberties of Chester; and they were, by the said Act, impowered, as soon as the said River was made navigable, to receive certain Tonhage Duties for the passing of Vessels upon th^ laid River; and certain white Sands, Marshes, and other Lands, in the said Act mentioned, were vested in the said Undertakers, to and for their own proper tJfe, under the Provisoes and Conditions in the said Act mentioned: And,

Mr. James Blackwell, Secretary and Accomptant to the Company of Undertakers for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, produced to your Committee an Account; whereby it appeared. That the Company had expended very considerable Sums of Money on the said Undertaking, and were, at present, in Difbune of above 60,0001, more than they had received on that Account.

Then an Act, "made in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, whereby the said Undertakers were incorporated, and had several Powers given them for the better managing the said Undertaking, was also reaej.

... And an Act, of the 17th Yftu* of his present Majesty, lyas read; whereby it appeared the said Undertakers had made a new Channel, near Ten Miles in Length, in:o which, in the Year 1737, the River had been turned, and hath ever since run; and that the Undertakers, in 1749, finished and completed the said Undertaking; and, by the last mentioned Act, that the said Tonnage Rates w ere, with the Confenc of the said Undertakers, reduced, and the said Acts, of the 6th and 14th Years of his present Majesty, explained and amended in several other Particulars: And,

Then a Bill in Chancery was produced to yqur Committer, and read; whereby it appeared. That several Doubts and Disputes had arisen between the Company a,nd Sir John Glynn of I I aw ar den, in the County of Flint, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several other Persons, Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, within the said Manor, having or claiming a Right of commonir.gon die wade Lands, Commons, and Salt Marshes,

within the said Manor, lying on the North Side of the ,laid new Channel.

v Then Anticles of Agreement, dated the 17th Day of February 1753, made between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, of the one Part; and the t saidftiry^tf Glynn, , and others, Freeholders and Occupiers gf Land within the said Manor, on behalf of therpselves, and all other Persons having a Right of commoning upon the walte Lands, Commons, and Salt Marshes, within the said Manor, of the other Part; were read ^whereby it is agreed, That all the waste Lands, Commons, and -Salt Marshes, within the said Manor,- lying on the North Side of the Banks or forelands of the new Channel, shall, after such Notice given by the said Company as therein mentioned, for. ever thereafter be vested in the said. Company and their Successors, freed and tii (charged from all Rigjjt of Common* or ottyer Claim and D£n*and,.of the fijtid; ....

Lord and Freeholders (except as therein is exceptedV; and that, in Confederation thereof, the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, shaft, from and after taking Possession of the said waste Lands, Commons, and Salt Marshes, for ever thereafter, pay, or catifc to be paid, to Sir John Glynn, and other Trustees to be appointed for that Purpose, the yearly Sunn of zoo I. to be by the /said Trustees applied to some publick Ufrs, fir the Benefit of the Lord and Freeholders of the laid Manor; and that, for Preservation of the Wastes, Commons, and Salt Marshes, on the South Side the new Channel, and to prevent the same from being overflowed, gulled, worn or washed away, that a new Cop or Bank flia-li be made on the South Side the River, with one or more Sluice or Sluices, or Flood Gates, for. letting off the Waters, agreeable to a Plan annexed to the Articles; and which Bank or Sluices, or Flood Gates, Sir John Glynn, and the other Trustees, are to perfect and keep in Repair, in Consideration of 600 /. to be paid to therm by the Company, for making and carrying on the said Banks and Sluices, and of Fifty Pounds a Year, for ever, for keeping them in Repair; and, in Consideration of such Payments, the Company, and their Successors, shall be discharged from making good any Damages that have happened, or may happen, to the Common Salt Marshes within the said Manor of Hawarden; and it is thereby agreed, that Application shall be made to obtain an Act of Parliament for confirming the said Agreement, and carrying the same into Execution.

And, in order to prove the Necessity of explaining and amending the said former Acts, the said Acts were again read; whereby it appeared, That Power was given to the said Company to make Calls: And the Agent for the Petitioners informed your Committee, That their Money being expended, it will be necessary for them to be impowered to make further Calls on their Proprietors, and that, in several other Particulars, the said former Act* appear to be defective.

Then your Committee proceeded to enquire into tbjp Matter of the Petition of several Gentlemen*'- Freeholders, and lphabitants, of the fevetai Counties of Flinty Denbigh, Carnarvon, arid Anglesey, on behalf of themselves, and others travelling through* the said Counties; and also the Petition of fewer al Gentlemen; and others, Freeholders, within the tyknor of Howard, in the County of Flint, 1 '

And to prove the Allegations thereof The said Act of Parliament, of the 6th of his present Majesty, was read; whereby it is provided. That in case the Channel of the said River should-not be fordable, at low Water, for Passengers on Horseback, or Carts, that then the Commissioners therein named should appoint Two Ferry Boats for the conveying Persons, Horses, or Car- riages, across the said River, at such Places as they should think proper, to be kept at the Charges of Nathanael Kinderley, Undertaker of the said Navigation, his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees; and that the said Commissioners should appoint and let out a convenient Road or Roads; in any Place or Places, over the Sands, Soil, and Ground, within the Limits of the said Navigation; which Road or Roads should be maintained and repaired, from time to time, by the said Nathanael Kinderley ', his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, for ever.

Then the Act, of the 17th of his present Majesty, was read; whereby it is provided. That, fronvand after the 5th Day of May 1744, Two Ferry Boats should, at all times, be kept by the Company, at such Parts of the said pew Channel, as the Ferry Boats already appointed have worked at since the making of the said Navigation; and that the Commissioners, named in the Act of the 6th of his present Majesty, should, from time to time, appoint and let out one or more Road or Roads over the Sands, Soil, and Grounds, vested in the said Company, lying on the North Side of the said new Channel,' within the Extent or Length of the said Channel, to lead to and from CtidTwo Ferries, or either of them, to Chester, Shot-$ vicke,

16 Geo. II. 30 Aprilis- 73 a

wicke, and Shaugball, in Cheshire; and that all fuchRoad or Roads, so appointed and fee out, flbould be, for ever , thereafter, to be repaired and maintained by the said Company and their Successors; and, upon Perusal of the said Acts, it does appear, That no Provision is made in any of them for the appointing, setting out, or maintaining, any Road or Roads on the South- Side the said new Channel, over the Salt Marshes lying between the said River and the Town of Flint.

Then your Committee proceeded to examine*

Mr. Morris Mathews; who said, That, since the new Navigation has been made, the Road on the South Side the River, from Chester to Flinty is become impassable, occasioned by the not keeping up the Banks of the said River: , . ?

That heretofore the Coaches and Passengers, going to’ Fre’and,*uM to go that Way; but now never attempt it, except in Summer, at which S.cafbn only the Road, is sometimes passable:

That the Road formerly went on the Sands, under Blacon Point and Shot-wide, and from thence, ft raigntalQng the Sands, to Flint, without going over the Marshes,

Being asked, if there is nor. another Road from Chester to Flint? He said there was, by PJawarden-? but it is Four or Five Miles about.

Richard Perrin Esquire informed your Committee, That he has several times travelled the Road from Chqjler to Flint 1 which formerly was all the Way over the white Sands, and as good a Road as could, be travelled; but that the Navigation has destroyed that Road, and*>ntraduced a very bad one in the (lead of it: That there areTwo Ferries on the new Cut, the one about Two Miles,from Chester, the other Two and a Halffurther; where you are obliged to cross, and, in consequence of that, to go over a Marsh, which is very dangerous; apd that the Badaefs of The said Road is occasioned by the Navigation; yapd that the other Road, by Bawarden, is above Four Miles about.

Being asked, if Wepra Gutter, which lay in the.old Road, was not dangerous before the new Navigation? He said, he believed it was always so 2 and that be believed People might go over the Marshes before the Navigation, when the said Gutter was very bad; but that the Road from the Ferries to Chester, on the North Side* is very good.

Being asked, whether any particular Parifne&or Town-jOiips are obliged to repair the said Road on the South Side of the River? He said, That Application would have sheen made ro compel the repairing thereof, if the Road could have been proved to he a publick High Road.

And being further asked, whether the Commifilcners are obliged to make the Road, on the North Side the River, any further than the Company’s Lands extend ? He laid, he thought not; and tjiat, he believes the Company have no Lands on the‘South Side of the Riyer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill.for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glymie Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Bawarflen, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor; and for explaining and amending Three federal Acts of Parliament, of the §ixth, Fourteenth, an,d Seventeenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for recovering andpreserving the ’NavIgation of the said River Dee: And thajt Mr. pParkurtou, Si\Thomas Mojlyn^and Mr. Philipjoti, do prepare, ana tying In* the same,' ,

Devon ‘ , Ah ingrossed Bill for raising a Sum of Money* by a County Gaok County Rate, for erecting or purchasing a proper. Prison , for Debtors, in the County of Devon-, was read the Third time. ';

Rejohed, That the Bill do pals: And that th^Title be. An Act for raising a Sum of Money, by a County Rate* for ptirchafing a proper Prison for Debtors, in thf County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir William Cqprten^y do carry Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

V9hi act,. \V '

Ordered, That Captain Andrew Pringle do, To-mor- importation row Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, of Sugar*, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London Westminster, and the Borough of’

Southwark, whose Names are thereunto fubibribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Baptist Durand do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Chollet do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr, John Fonblanquex dp attend the said Committeej at the same time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Tadcaster, from Tadcaster, through Newton, Collingham, Harewood, *&c-Roa- Artbington, and Pool, to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York-, v/as read the Third time.

An ingrossed, Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byjway of Rider, for inflicting a Penalty upon Persons talcing the Benefit of the Exemptions granted by the Act* not being intitled to the fame.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up;

The laid Clause was read the Third time; and, upon,' the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House tO be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. '

Pr 8. L. last, After " only," to insert " or for any.

" Cattle or Carriage passing betwixt Pool Bank and the " River WharfP

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon.* agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Revived, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from fad* cashr, throughNewton, Collingham, Harewood, Arthing* ton, and Pool, to Otley, in the* West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed. Bill for building a Chapel on the Com* ports rhon in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Squib? Chapel. ampton; and for veiling Power in certain Trustees for the Regulation thereof; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to

be made to the Bill; viz....

Pr. 6. L. 9. To leave outc< Seventeenth," and insert " Twentieth;" and to leave out " May," and insert "June"

And the same were, upon tlitf Question severally ptJt thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for building a Chapel on* the Common in the *'a - J Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton; and for: veiling Power in certain Trustees for the Regulation thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Yhiftlethwayte do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Worcester the City of Worcester, in Council assembled, was presented Poor’*Ratei* to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented, by Persons who stile themselves principal Inhabitants, and Pay-masters to the Poor’s Rates, in the several Parishes of the City of Worcester, containing many heavy Charges and injurious Reflections upon the Corporation of the said City in general, and the Magi*

Urates and Justices of the said City in particular; and alleging, That the Petitioners are not conscious to them-fdve^ that they have ever abused the Trust or Power .^qprn^tted to them* or that the Justices of the said City,

740

who art annually chosen by virtue of several Charters, granted and confirmed by divers Kings of this Realm, nave, cVen in one Angle instance, been guilty of ln-justice or Oppression, or have, in any Respeft, misused their Power, in the Execution of the Civil Government of the said City $ and doubt not but they shall be able to prove, that all the Allegations contained in the said Petition, so preferred to the House, are without the lead Foundation of Truth: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against; the said Petition,' at such time as to the House shall Term meet.

Worcester A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the root itutes. poor of the fcyera| Parishes in the City of Worcester\ and also of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of, and Pay-masters to the Poor's Rate in the said several Parishes, on behalf of themselves, and many others, inhabitants and Pay matters of the said City; was also prefirmed to the House, and read 5 taking Notice of several Suggestions, contained in the said Petition of the Persons who (tile themselves principal Inhabitants, and Pay-masters to the Poor's Rates, in the several Parishes of the City of Worcester*, and setting forth, That the Petitioners, or most of them, have been Inhabitants of the said City for many Years lad pad, and Pay-masters to the Poor's Rates in the several Parishes of the said City, and have many of them served the Offices of Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, in their respective Parishes; and alleging, That they do not know, neither have they heard, of any new Method of making Assessments to the Poor’s Rates in the said City; but believe the same have been made according to the usual Cudom of the said City, and agreeable to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and that the Justices of the said City are annually chosen by Charter, and give a general Satisfaction in the Execution of their Offices; and chat the Petitioners never heard, that they were guilty of any Injustice or Oppression, or ever abused their Power, in the Execution of the Civil Government of the said City; and that there is no just Foundation for the said Petition; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Petition is calculated co serve some private Ends, and co dir up Divi-Cons in the said City; and that the same was obtained in a clandedine Manner, and contrary to the general Sense of the Citizens: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Fecition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Com Bounty. ReJolv*i% That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounty due on Corn, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Feei of Sir Coriel Firebrace reported from the Committee, to justiocs’ whom the Bill for the settling, and ascertaining, the Fees

Clerk*. to I. taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then.a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amend menu, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Waf!e:

Mr. Speaker,

Manchester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Church. for building a new Church within the Town of Afrt-

*753-

chester, in the Courity Palatine of without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Piimmll repairing and widening the Road leading from Vent JUat

Fat, in the Parish of Tttehurst, in the County or Si‘Jfsx% to the Town and Port of Hajlings, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing of John David Bar butt, and Foilunatus Planta, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intitu.cd, An Act for FnflAfo enabling the surviving Trustees and Executors of Jckn late Ear! of Ashbumham, deceased, to sell and convey his Estate at Bretberton, in the County of LancaJier, pur* fuanc to the Directions, and for the Purposes, in his Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence, of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Wiyiui Committee of the whole House, co whom it was referred Mwaui* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him co report to the House \ which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Clause contained in an Act* made in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa) for allowing, during a limited Time, a Draw, back of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Rc>gn of her late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued for. Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also the Proviso, in the said lad Act contained. That no Drawback shall be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or should be, imported from the East Indies and the Coastof Barbary only; and which said Clause and Proviso, by another Act, made in the 13th Year uf the Reign of his late Majesty, were further continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clause and Proviso, by another Act, made in the 15th and 16th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the / then next Session of Parliament; arc near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual fc* curing the Duties now payable on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign* made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails, made of British Sail-cloth; which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of Junf 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the several Qaufes contained in an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchan? ' discs exported; and for reducing the Duty upon Beaver Sikins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves,and Nutmegs, imported j and for the Importation of all Furs of the Produft of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on (heir Policies, shall be liable only to Angle Damages and Colls of Suits (relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Ma* nufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several 10 Duties

3* Apri

Hetiftill’t

Smithy

Hold,.

26 Geo. II. 30 Apr ills.

74t

County Palatine of Chester-, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancafter5 and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Laney near Northwicby in the said County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr* Cholmondeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duties on Merchandizes exported); which were to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were, by an Act, made in the nth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the 2d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the i ^rh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,were further continued until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the First Day o(June 1754, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitree, That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America), which was to continue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the nth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Third Resolution; which, upon Tuesday last, was reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and was then agreed to by the House; That they do insert Clauses in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions this Day reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, and Mr. Har-dinge, be added to the Gentlemen, who arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Henjball's Smithy upon Cranage Green, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, by Bucklow Hilly to the Town of Alhincbam, in the said County; and trom the South Guide Post in Mere, in the said County, to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster; and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny s Laney near Northwich, in the said County of Chester; was read the Third time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hen-shall's Smirhy upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Merey and Bucklow Hilly to the Town of Altrincham, in the Vol. 26.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- South Sea solve itself inro a Committee of the whole House, upon Company* the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Levant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade* consider further of the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas;

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Raw Silk has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 28th4Day* of January 1740); be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas 1740, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January 1740)5 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Woollen Manufactures has been exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January 1740); be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Mohair Yarn has been imported frocoTurkey, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of Febru* ary 1740); be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Cotton has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of February 1740); be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk has been imported from all Countries, exclusive of Turkey, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas 1740 5 distinguishing each Country, and each Year (which was presented to the House upon the toth Day of February 1740); be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge at Constan-tinople% Smyrna, and Aleppo, as paid by the Levant Company, in Seven Years, from the 30th June 1733, to the 30th June 1740 ( which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of February 1740) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Salufbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salufbury reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Corn Bounty, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for allowing Interestupon De-9 C bentures.

Exeter

Roads.

Sherbrooke Hill, &c. Road.

Accounts

respecting

Sugars

imported.

Gilbert’s deviled Lands.

742

30 — 40 Aprilis.

A- T753-

bentures, payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Lyttelton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, is committed.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Aprilis;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Legh reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Ye^r of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Third and Twenty-iecond Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hilly near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned 5 and for repairing the Road from the School-house in Didsbury, to the Bridge in Wilmslow, in the said County of Chester; and for erecting a Bridge over the River Mersey> was re-committed; That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of what his Majesty’s Muscovado Sugars, imported from the British Sugar Colonies, have been fold for at each Sale, on an Average, in every Year, at the Custom-house in London, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1752.

Mr. Qxenford also presented to the House,

An Account of what his Majesty’s Clayed Sugars, imported from the British Sugar Colonies, have been fold for, at each Sale, at an Average, in every Year, at the Custom-house in London, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1752.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Gloucester, devised by the Will of Alice Gilbert Spinster, for railing Money to discharge several Debts and Legacies; and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the Uses of her Will; was read the Third time.

Rejolvcdy That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to Hemel Hem-whona the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of sted Small Small Debts,‘within the Town and Parish of Hemel Hetnjled, Dei>ls* and several other Towns and Parishes within the Hundred of Dacorumy in the County of Hertford, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Considera* tion, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing an Stillingto* Exchange agreed upon between the Prebendary of the Prebend. Prebend of Stillingtcn, and Stephen Croft Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stillington, and Stephen Croft Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr, WilkinJon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stourbridge for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Market-house in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act'EaW for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, Road, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridlington for enlarging the Time, and continuing the Duties, Piers-granted by several Acts of Parliament, for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York, and for making the said Acts more effectual, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Performana to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quaran- of Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being tuic* brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords, desire the Concurrence of thi9 House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Harrison’s naturalize Mary Sybelle Harrison: To which the Lords Nat* desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to EnnCTer», dissolve the Marriage of John Ennever Gentleman, with Divorce. Mary Cornwell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Rx>ad$ r«Mor 2 leading Perry Ro;

2 6 Geo. IL 4° dprilis- 743

fading from Redstone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to the Hundred House, and from thence to Monkflridge, in the Road to the Town of Tenbury, and from the said Hundred House to the said Town of Tenbury, in the said County, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following wcre severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. L. 28. To leave out c< Bowes" and insert 41 Humphry Bowles"

L. 32. Afcer Honourable1’ to insert4C John"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Redstone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to the Hundred House, and from thence to Monkjbridge, in the Road to the Town of Tenbury, and from the said Hundred House, to the said Town of Tenbury, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyfler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Earl Act- A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill, from burnKamf* the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the surviving Eftaic. Trustees and Execurors of John late Earl of Ashburnham, deceased, to sell and convey his Estate at Bretberton, in the County of Lancaster, pursuant to the Directions and for the Purposes in his Will, be now read the First time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives hib Content, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, That the House may do cherein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

MalloPinew A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Strcctin thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of several eftmipAcr. jqoufts> in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House, to enable James Mallors to purchase Houses and Ground, and to exchange other Houses and Grounds, between the Dean and Chapter of he Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, or any other Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, and the said James Mallors; and to enable them to grant to the said James Mallors other Premises on building Leases, for a longer Term of Years than they are at pre tent enabled to grant, in order to open and make a new Street from the West Side of King Street, in the Pari fh of Saint Margaret, Westminster, to the Back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, situate on the West Side of Delahaye Street, in the same Parish: And alleging, That, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the several Properties of the Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Countel, against the said Bill, or that they may have such ocher Relief in the Premites, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Briiilh An ingossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Fiftery. cfTcftual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery; and or regulating the said Fishery, according to the Calendar now in Use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pate: And that the Title be, VOL. 26.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery; and for regulating the said Fishery according to the Calendar now in Use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bethell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Harrison'g naturalize Mary Sybelle Harrison, was read the First time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Amendment and Preservation of the Preservation publick Roads of this Kingdom; and for the more effec- of Highway*. tual Execution of the laws relating thereto; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Potter, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Nor they. Sir William Beauchamp Pro ft or, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lyfler*

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Gwynn, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Hobart, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Lane, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Hill, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Chester, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Lynch Cotton,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rujbout, Mr. Ridley, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Villirrs, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir William Middleton, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Levant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade, consider further of the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved ittelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to importatio« resolve irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to of Sugar, consider of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of th£

Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto fub.-feribed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Captain Francis Pope do attend the said Committee, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Captain James Shirley do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain William White do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain James Cheesman do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Lane do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

o Ordered,

744 4° — 5

Ordered, That Captain Nicholas Garrijon do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Axfords do attend the said Committee, at the same time.

Bounty on The Order of the Day being read, for the House so

Sailcloth. refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers, of British Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. John Piggott, who was ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

King’s Bench Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Prison. Sevennight, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to inquire into the State of the Kings Bench Prison, and of the Office of the Marshal of the Marshal-Jea of the Court of King’s Bench, and of the Appendix thereto annexed.

Removing Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Tobacco, &c. next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, by Land or Water; and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of spirituous Liquors, by Retail.

Com Bounty. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounty due on Corn exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Hem el Hem- The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera-

Debw"1*11 tlon ^ePort from c^c Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Parish of Hemel Hemfled, and several other Townsand Parishes within the Hundred of Dacorum, in the County of Hertford, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Con side ration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 50 die Aprilis;

Anno a6° Georgii Urti Regis, 1753.

Pray irs.

Shipton QI R Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Commit-Maid *c. tee, to whom the Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads. Roads leading from the Town of Shipton Malet, to the Top of Rush Hill, in the Parish of Stone Easton, in the County of Somerset, and from Shipton Malet, to the Direction Post, and Elm Free, at the Cross Way to Bntwell\ in the Parish of Almsford; and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Ivelchester, to the South Petherton Bridge;

a Aprilis. A. 1753.

and also from Ivelchester, to the Ctofs Post at Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil; and also from Ivelchester to Sparkford Bridge, and from Ivelchester aforesaid, to the South Side of Kingsdon Hill, leading to Somerton, and where the Cross Ways meet; and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Pilton, towards the Town of Glastonbury; and like wife from Prefleigh, to Milton Bridge; and from Rush Hill aforesaid, to and through the Grounds of John Hippejley Coxe, and to the Poole called The Great Poole; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Order of the Day.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Cathericic Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Bridge Road. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catberick Bridge, in the County, of York, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefteld, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lambton,

Mr. Gore, Mr. ChetwyndMr. Tempcft, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cholmondeley,

Mr. fVilfon, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole,

Admiral Griffin, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Powney, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Allgood, Sir IValter Blackett, Colonel Stanwix, Mr.

John Pitt, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Caley, Mr. Lane, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Comezvall, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Alderman Janffen, Mr,

Hale, Mr. Hill, Mr. JVatfon, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Go>e, Mr. Wilks; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lane after, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and making more Stockton,&c effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Road.

20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Winftone, to Bernard Castle, in the said County; and the other passed in the 2zd Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act; and for the effectual amending of the said Road; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lambton,

Mr. Lambe, Mr. Compton, Mr. IVifon, Mr. Lyster,

Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Delaval, Mr. IVodehouse, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Ker, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Feliowes, Mr. Barrow, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Northey, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Alderman Bethell,

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. AUgood, General Oglethorpe, Sir IValter Blackett, Colonel Stanwix, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Cayley, Mr.

Hale, Mr. Lane, Mr. Hill, Mr. Watson, Mr. Gafhry, Mr.

Beaghan, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Kent, Mr, Foncreau, Lord Hobart, Mr.

Willey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Peachey, Mr. Sandys, Lord Digby, Mr. Lascelles, Sir

Ihorrias

i6 Geo. II. tj jdprilis.

Thomas Clavering; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham,

Westmorland, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Keighley to Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to

Wen- whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening) the Koad from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby, in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Considera-don Tomorrow Morning.

Lawton Mr. Chelmondeley reported from the Committee, to

Rotdi&C* wh°in the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Lawton Gate, in the Township of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Towns of Sandbach and Middiewich, to the Town of Northwich, and to a Place called Winsford Bridge, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into ConGderation, alter the House shall have proceeded upon nht Order of the Day.

ir Bnrdett reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Afbby de la Zoucby in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trenty in the County of Stafford, and to The Cock, in Tutbury% in the same County; was commited; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commirtee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed, That some further Addition is proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Edinburgh Mr. Ker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting several publick Buildings in the City of Edinburgh; and to impower the Trustees, therein to be mentioned, to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irt-grofled.


} Hinton In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and iadofing the com-cloforc. VOL. 26;

mon, open, and arable Fields, Meadows, and waftri Grounds, in the Hamlet of Hinton, in the Parish of Woodford cum Membris, in the County of Northampton; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. L. 8. After " Successors," to insert <c all his " and their Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand,

of of, in, to, or out of, the Lands and Grounds so intended c< to be divided and inclostd as aforesaid, other than irt u respect of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Wood*

" ford aforesaid."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refelvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common, open* and arable Fields, Meadows, and waste Grounds, in the Hamlet of Hinton, in the Parish of Woodford cum Mem-brts, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Hanover ment of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover-fjuare, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parish; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was- offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, directing, that an Account of the Sums received and disbursed, for the Purposes mentioned in this Act, shall be entered in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, by the Vestry Clerk for the Time being, without any Charge to the Parish; and shall be annually audited and signed by the Vestry.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank 5 which being filled up;

The said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanovcrsquare, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, wirbin the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Baytitun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Salford, &c. from the Chapel in the Town of Salford, to the Towns -Roads, of Warrington and Bolton, and through Ward ley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the T'own of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill 5 viz.

Pr. 8. L. 13. Before w Brook," to insert u ofcher-cc wife Fishington"

And the same was. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through JVardley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Township of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in Wcrjley> in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Duniharch unto subscribed, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is now depending 9 D for

Window Duties in Scotland.

Sloanean

Mvfeum.

Shipton Malet, ice. Roads.

5 6° Apr ills. 1753.

for continuing and rendering more effcctual Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other paTed in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the said Road; and also taking Notice, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, for including in the said Bill a certain Road leading from Meriden to Stone Bridge in the said County; and alleging, That the Petitioners conceive the Prayer of the said Petition to be wholly inconsistent with the Design of the said Bill; and that the said Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, cannot be sufficiently repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Tolls already, granted, and by the said Bill intended to be granted, be wholly applicable to the Reparation of the said Road, and the Payment of the principal Monies already owing, and which it may be necessary immediately to borrow, and the Interest thereof: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners maybe heard by their Counsel, or otherwise, against the last-memioned Petition, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Pecition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee J^ave Voices.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition and Representation of the Trustees appointed by Sir Hans. Sloane Baronet, deceased, and of the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and Representation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Torke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refilmed the Chair.

Mr. Torke reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to . receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Confide ration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Shipton Malet, to the Top of Rujb Hilly in the Parish of Stone Easton, in the County of Somerset; and from Shipton Malet to the Direction Post and Elm Tree, at the Cross Way to Butwell, in che Parish of Alms ford; and also from Shipton Males^ to and through Ivelchester, to the South Pftberton Bridge; and also from Ivelchester, to the Crols Pod at Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil; and also from Ivelchester to Sparkford Bridge, and from Ivelchester aforesaid, to the South Side of Kingsdon Hill, leading to Somertony and where the Cross Ways meet; and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Pilton, towards the Town of Glastonbury; and likewise from Pres-leigh to Milton Bridge; and from Rujb Hill aforesaid, to tand through, the Grounds of John Hippijley Coxe\ and to the Poole called The Great Poole; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Order of the Day; being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Confederation.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wich the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order made this Day for taking into Considera- Lawton don the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill ^a e* for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Raafts* Lawton Gate, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Towns of Sandbach and Middlewich, to the Town of Northwich, and to a Place called Winsford Bridge, in the said County; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Order of the Day; being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confkicration Tomorrow Morning.

And' then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 26° Georgii IV1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

ABIL L for repairing and widening the Road from 0!d-street the Stones End near Shoreditch Chwcb, to the Cen- Road, ter of the Bridge in Old Street Road, and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street; was read a,. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Sir Henry Marshall, Mr. FeHowes, Sir John Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon,. Mr. Lyster, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Lascelles, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Hope Weir, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Willy, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Hay> Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Allgood,

Mr; Northey, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. IVII-son, Lord Strange, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Kelley, Mr. Legb,

Mr. Willesy Mr. Balfour, Sir. Thomas Robinson, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Powney, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Gafhty, Mr. Colleton-, and all che Members who serve for the Counties of MiddLfex, Essex, Hertford, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they aie to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hope Weir reported from the Committee, to whom Livingrtou the Bill for repairing the Roads from Livingstoun, by the *c. Roads. Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by che Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaven; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thac the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered\ Thac the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, from Accoan the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Wooliei He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the cxP?rt* House, pursuant to their Order, to ur

An Account of the Quantities and Value of the Woollen Manufactures exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1752; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered,

irford

dad.

Account of B urn imported.

Keighley to Kirkby Ken* dall Road.

Durham

Road.

Carlisle to

Workington

Road.

Gilbert’s deviled Lands.

26 Geo. IL 6’ Aprilis.747

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, this House tt> the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers to be perused by the Members of the House. Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Gloucester',

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers devised by the Will of Alice Gilbert Sphrfter, for raising of this Session. Money to discharge several Debts and Legacies; and for

laying out the Surplus ifi the Purchase of Lands, to be Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom settled to the Uses of her Will: And allb, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from The The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Devon Hand and Pofi, in Upton Fieldin the Parish of Burford, for raising a Sum of Money, by a County Rate, for pur-in the County of Oxford, through the Parish of Westwell, chafing a proper Prison for Debtors, in the County of in the said County 5 and from thence, over several com- Devon; without any Amendment, mon Fields and Downs, lying in the Parishes of Little And then the Messengers withdrew;

Barrington, Windrufb, and Aldjworth, to and through the

Parish of Bibury, by a certain House or Inn commonly OrderedThat the Report from the Committee, to Keighley to called Yhe Swan; and from thence, through the Parishes whom the Bill for repairings amending, and widening, KirlcbyKen* of Arlington, Barnsley, and Ampney Cruets, into the com- the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the daM Road' mon Road leading from the Town of Letcblade, to the County of York, to Kirkby, in Kendall, in the County of Town of Cirencester, at a Place, in the Parish of Preston, Westmorland-, was committed; betaken into further Con-commonly called Dancy's Fancy, in the County of Glou- sideration upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clocks cefier; was committed; That the Committee had exa- atnd nothing to intervene, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill to Duties on Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which prevent Wines imported into any of the Out-ports of this Wlncs-they had directed him to report to the House; and he Kingdom, being afterwards brought into the Port of read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered London, or Parts adjacent, without paying the London the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Duty: And that Sir John Barnard, and Sir William Cal-Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and vert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon one of them was disagreed to, Mr. Yorke, according to Order, reported from the £om- SjoancalJ and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, nuttee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Mufeunu agreed to by the House: considerof the Petition and Representation of the T ruftces

Andan Amendment was made by the House to the Bill, appointed by Sir Hans Sloane Baronet, deceased, and of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and grofled. Representation; and who were also instrufted to consider

of the State and Condition of the Cottonian Library, and,

: The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the of Additions that may be made thereto; the Resolutions Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the which the Committee had directed him to report to the Door; House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were House, pursuant to their Order, read; and are as followeth; viz.

An Account of the Rum imported into Scotland from Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Sugar Colonies, from 24th June 1742, to 24th June That the Museum of Sir Hans Sloane, by him bequeathed 1752; distinguishing each Year. to the Publick, is of much greater intrinsick Value than

And then he withdrew. the Sum of Twenty choufand Pounds by him required to

And the Title of the said Account was read. be paid for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

to be perused by the Members of the House. That the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds be paid to the

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers Executors of Sir Hans Sloane for the said Museum, to be of this Session. kept intire, and maintained for the Use and Benefit of the

Publick.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom That a proper Repofitory be provided for the better Re-the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road ception, and more convenient Use, of the Cottonian from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of Library, and of any Additions that may be made thereto.

York, to Kirkby, in Kendall, in the County of Westmor- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, land; was committed; be now read. That the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, bequeathed by

And the said Order being read accordingly; the iaft Will of Arthur Edwards Esquire to the Trustees

The House proceeded to take the said Report into for the Cotton Library, be applied either towards provid-Consideration. ing such Repository, or towards purchasing Additions to

And the said Report was read. be made to the said Library, agreeably to the Directions

of the said Will.

A Message from the Lords,by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

Holjord: That the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts would be a

Mr. Speaker, proper Addition to be made to the said Library.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be paid for the said passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Collection of Manuscripts.

Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne That the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, together Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: with such further Sums as shall be necessary for the several

And also, Purposes aforesaid, be raised by way of Lottery, for a

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sum nor exceeding Seven hundred thousand Pounds; and, for repairing the Road from the City of Qarltjle, in the ifany Surplus shall remain, that the same be applied for the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea-port Town Bchcficof the Publick, as shall be directed by Parliament, of Workington, in the said County; without any Amend- The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second ment: And also, time, were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by agreed to by the House.

Vol. 26. Ordered*

Linen Manufacture.

General Register of Population.

South Sea Company.

Corn Bounty.

Bounty on bail Cloth.

Corn Bounty.

748'

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Torke, Sir George Lyttelton* Mr. Gray, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Horatio Walpole of CaL lington, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Attorney General, Mr, Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Clarke, Mr. West* and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounties payable on British and Irish Linens.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House wv resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking and registering an annual Account of the total Number of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish, and extra-parochial Place, in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and ocher Parts of America 5 and for encouraging the Fishery; and for regulating the Elc&ion of the Governors and Directors of the said Company;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conr-fider further of the Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures, payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesduy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers, of British Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounty due on Corn, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

A- *753-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LawtonGawy Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repair- Robbing and widening the Roads from a Place called Lawtow Gate, in the Township of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Towns of Sandbach and Middlewich, to the Town of Northwich, and to a Place called Winsford Bridge, in the said County; was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b^' ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Prefcmrioa to whom the Bill for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more wayi* effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, more effectually to prevent the Drivers of Carts and other Carriages from riding upon such Carts or Carriages, in the City of London, and within Ten Miles thereof.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Amount of the Muscovado Sugars imported Sugar* in* into England from the British Sugar Colonies, for One ^rted* Year, ending at Christmas 1752.

Ordered, That Mr. O/wald have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Ac-! Account of count of all foreign Linens exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations, from Chrijhnas 1743, to ported. Christmas 1752, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. O/wald have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Ac- Account of count of the Quantity of foreign Linens imported into foreign Great Britain, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752, im* inclusive; distinguishing each Year. 'prc§

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Highgate Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Atts and Hamp-of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to High- ftcadRoa<ls« gate Gatehouse and Hampstead> and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made ft-veral Amendments thereunto 5 which they had direcded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments mkde by the Committee to the said

6° Apri

Hevham

Iodolure.

Importation of Sugar.

Privilege.

Doocaster

Koads.

2,6 Geo. II. 6n — f Afrilis.

749

said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for additional Trustees.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank j which was filled up with the Names of several Persons to be Trustees for putting the former Acts, and this Act, in Execution.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy y° Aprilts;

Anno a6* Georgii II"1 Regis, 1753. Prayers.

M R, AUgood reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Commons, in the Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Sir Ralph Mtlbank, who is possessed of about a Fifty- fifth part of the said W actes and Commons, and who refused to sign the Bill» and except Twenty four other Perfom, who having been applied to, laid they would not oppose the fame; and also except about Forty-six other Persons, who have but a small Intmft in the said Wastes and Commons, and of whom about Six areMinors, and the rest either beyond the Sea, or could not be found; and that none of the said Parties appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that thc Committee had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and tjjf n a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question [ severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to,

: and the jell were agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill. .;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grossed. V . # -

Ordered, That Mr. William Mayne do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House' to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Narines arc thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Frewen do attend the said Committee at the same time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, ip Breach of the Privilege of this House, John Williams of Ledbrook,

; in the County of Flint, has, by Force, entered upon the Lands of Thomas Salusbury Esquire, a Member of this House, and keeps Possession of the fame.

Ordered, That It ‘ be referred tb the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complainrj and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Wilklnjofi reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make snore cffcftu?!, an Act,

Vqj.. 26*

passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncajier, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry* bridge to Weather by,zxA from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York-, was Committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Yonge reported from the Committee, to Exeter whom the Bill for amending several Roads leading from the Roads*

City of Exeter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Ennever’a dissolve the Marriage of John Ennever Gentleman, with Divorce. Mary Cornwell, his now Wite, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That the Bill, to enable James Mallors to pur- MalW chafe House* and Ground, and to exchange ocher Houses new Street in and Grounds between the Dean and Chapter of the Col- WestmiDfter legiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, or any other Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, and the said James Mailers, and to enable them to grant to the said James Mallors other Premises, on Building Leases, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, in order to open and make a new Street from the West Side of King Street, in the'Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, to the back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, situate on the West Side of Detabay Street, in the same Parish, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Com Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Bounty, to consider of the Bounty due dn Corn exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, The Rdilutions which the Chmmitteehad directed him to report to the Hovfe; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the better Payment of the Bounties allowed by Law, upon the Exportation of Com from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh be authorized and required, upon a Certificate from the Collector of the Customs at any Port in Scotland, that he has not fuflteient in his Hand to pay the Bounty on Corn exported from such Port,^irifing out of the Customs and Duties out of which it ought to be paid; to cause the Monies thereby due to be paid in Three Months by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs in Scotland, out of such Monies as shall be in his Hand arising out of such Customs and Duties as are chargeable with the Payment of such Bounty.

5 E Resolved,

Bounty on Sail-Cloth.

Queens ferry, Jcc, Roa4*;

75° 7 'Aprilis

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, from and after the T wency-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred Fifty-three, Interest after the Kate of Three Pounds per Centum per Amum, be allowed upon every Debenture, for the Bounty on the Exportation of Corn from any Port within that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland, payable by die General Receiver or Caftiier of the Customs at Edinburgh, which, after the End of Six Months next following the Day on which the same shall be produced to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh, shall remain unsatisfied, to be computed from the End of the said Six Months, until the Principal, with such Interest, shall be paid, or until Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, and proper Notice shall be given thereof; such Interest, together with the Principal, to be paid out of such Customs or Duties as are chargeable with the Payment of any Bounty fof the Exportation of Corn.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures, payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn, is committed, That they have Power to insert ajClause or Clauses in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Mr Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconftderof the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-Cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture, The Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provssion made by an Act of the Twenty-thivd Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the due and regular Payment of the Bounties granted upon the Exportation of British-made Sail-Cloth, has proved ineffectual.,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion or this Committee, Thut the Bounties payable on the Exportation of British-made Sail-Cloth, due since the First Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, and which, from time to time, for the future, shall grow due, be paid out of such Parts of the old Subsidy as are applicable to the Payment of Incidents. t r>~ ,

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,; agreed to by the House. . ... i

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen and Gentlemen* Owners of Lands, and others, in the County of Fife> yas referred^ That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said; Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it. appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the* same was read; and is as. followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Miles, and Mr. John Adanfon, being severally examined, said, That they knew the Road from Inverkeithing to the Town of Brunti/land,m& from thence to KircaUie, in the Coqntyof which is in a very ruin-. qus Condition, and dangerous.for Wheel Carriages;.

Which was confirmed to yepr Committee by several Members present; who added* That the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the repairing the said Road would be a general Advantage to the Country.

Ordered, That it be an.lnftruCkipn tQ the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing the Road from the North Queens Ferry, through the . Town* of Irtverkeithing and*

Kinross, to the Town of Forth; and also the Road front the said Queens Ferry, through the Towns of Damfertntine and Terry burn, to the Town of Culrofs; is committed;

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the Town of Inverkeithing, to the Town of Bruntisland, and from thence to the Town of Kircaldie, in the County of Fife.


Mr. Dixon presented to the House, according to Order, Pceble* a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads in the Road*» County of Peebles, leading from Tweed-hope Braefoct, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and JVbeam, and by Lnton and Car lops, and from IngUfion through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh: And the same was received.

The other Order of the Day being read; '

The House resolved irfelf into a Committee of the whole General House, upon the Bill for taking and registering an annual pCg^oP Account of the total Number of People, and of the total °p 11014 Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total Number of poor receiving. Alms from every Parish and extra-parochial Place in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wddam Calvert took the Chair of the Committed Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dirccfttd him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Cahert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.* ' . 1

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Chrifider-ation upon Monday Sevennighc.

That such a Number of Copied of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed as shall be cient for the Use of the Members of the House. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald havd Leave to make a Morion, ir being after Six of the Clock: . ‘

And he moved thb House itcordirtgly:

And a Bill for laying aDuty if Two Pennies Sects, hr Morifon'* a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint 01 Havenit Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale,brought infer Frc 01 tapped* Or-fold, within the Town and Pariftt or Ptjston Pans, in the Shire of Eajf Lothian, otherwise Haddington*] for repairing the HarbdUr of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time: -Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ofwqld,

Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cocks, . Mr. Cotlcton;, '

Mr. Affleck, Mr Richards,. Mr. Lyster,' A1 r. Selwyn, Mr*

Wtlkinjon, Mr; Dixon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Muir, Mr. Sa* iusbury, Mr. Baton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornton, M>r. Hqyi General Oglethorpe, Mr. Powhey, Mr. Belchier, Sir Francis Poole; Sir Wiliam, Calvert, Mr. Fray bland, and all the Members who lerve for Norib Britain: And they are tq meet this Afternoon afSevcn of the Clock, in the Spcaker s.

Chamber. . , ' ‘ / - -

..... v . i .> , \ }

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald have"Leave to make a Mo-riop:: t . , r.;--

And he moved the House aewdingiy;

And a Bill for laying a puty.of Twp Pennies SfotsyOf River Ctrl One Sixth Part of % Penny Sterling, oq Gvery Scots Pint of Navigation Ale and Beer, which fiuflbc hrewed: for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, withip^hc Town of* Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County, of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River C<irt, and for other Purposes^ was read a Second time. .0

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Oswald,

Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Mr; Cocks, Mr. Colleton. I

Mr. Affleek, Mi+Rteb&vts, Mn Lyjler, Mr. Sebwyn, Mr.1* I

Muir,

J

Peebles

Roads,

Account of Sugars imported.

Liverpool®, Ac. Roads,

Fivefead, 4 c. Road.

26 Geo. II. p°

Muir, Mr. Dixon, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Gray, Mr. ZW-chier, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. fitfrox, Mr. sink, Mr. Thornton, Sir Francis Poole 5 and all the Members who serve for Afor/6 Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Dixon have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed hope Braefoot, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Wheam, and by Linton and Carlops> and from Ingle/ion through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Aprilis.. 751

to Bxtwell, near the Bottom of and also

from the Bell Inn,in Carry Rivaforesaid.to Puckinghn Lane-, and from Cary Bridge, in the Parish of to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ro Sir Charles ' Kemys 7ynte, Mr. Wilks, Mr. LMr.Cayley, Mr.

Wilkinjon, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mr.

Sir Bourcbicr Wrey, Mr. Thombagb, Mr. Mr.'

Northey, Mr. Lane, Mr. Thor, Mr. , Mr. Bond, Mr. Bowes, Lord Duppli Sir Thomas Mr. Allgood, Mr. Powney, Sir Nathanael CurzoH, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cray, Mr. Alderman Bethel/, Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prow/e, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. AffiecTt, Mr. Wodebou/e, Lord Downe, Mr. IViJon, Mr, Ridley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Ker, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Ccrdel Firebrace, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Chariton,

Sir Waiter Blackett, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Dorset, Cornwall, arid Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lunts, 9° die /tprilis } Mr. Wilkinjon reported from the Committee, to whom leathley

Anno a6° Georgii II" Regis, 1753. the Bill for confirming and establishingan Agreement for Indom

inclosingand dividing certain Common and Waste Ground Prayers. in the Manor of Leathley, in the County of fork, was

THE House being informed, That Mr. Oxtnford, committed, That foe Committee had examined the Alle-from the Commissioners of the Customs, auended gations of the Bill, and found*the same to be true; arid at the Door; that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the

He was cailed in; and, at the Bar, prefenced to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except his Ma-House, pursuant to their Order; jesty, who is Patron of the Rcftory of Leathley) and except

- An Account of the Amount of the Alujcovado Sugars, Elizabeth Rhodes, Tobias Farness, John Swire, and Joseph imported into England from the British Sugar Colonies, Whitehead, who are incided to about Ohe Eighteenth Part for One Year, ending at Christmas 175 2. of the said Common and Waste Grounds; and that Co-

And then He withdrew pies of the Bill had been delivered to the said Persons; and

And the Title of the said Account was read. that no Person appeared before the Cohamitcee, .0 oppose

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Conh- the Bill; and that the Committed had gohe through the mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to con- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which lider of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and they had directed him to fepost to the House; and she other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cv\c> of I onden and West- r&tdthe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the minster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Namei are Bill, with the Amendments, irr at the Clerk/s Table.; thereunto subscribed; and also o.* the Petition of the Sugar Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Corifide^-

Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City ation Tomorrow Morning. of Bristol, whose Names are the reunco subscribed.

The said Account is preservd axnongst the other Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into KelghUy

Papers of this Session. 1 further Consideration the Report from the Committee, tb Kirkby

‘Whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Aoingrofled Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers Road from Keigblty, in the West Riding of the County 0 ’ granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the of York, to Kirkbyfxh Kendall, in the County of Westmor-Twelfth Year of the Reign ofhisUie. Majesty King George was com ihit ted, be now read. 1

the First, and the other passed in the Nineteenth Year of And’the said Order being read accordingly 'rK'3 the Reign of his present Majesty; for repairing the Road - OrderedThat the said Bill be rc-comfriltted, with re-from Lsverpoole to Prefect, and other Roads therein mew- spect to the Clauses and Provisions of Exemption frbtfx ticned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and a!so for Payment of the Tolls for the Qualification of the Trustees, repairing the Road from Prefect% through Whtjhn, Rain- arid relating t6 the Places for creating the Toll-gat^s hilly Bold, and Sankey,- to the Town of Warrington; dnd or Turnpikes. 1

also the Road from St, Helen to AJbten, in the said County Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Palatine; was read the Third time. 1 Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title b<f, Ordered, That all who come to the said Committed An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by have Voices. . , \

Two Acts of Parliament, One puffed in foe Twelfth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and APetmoriofthelfeveralP^rfons,whose Names are there- Rates of

the other passed in the Nineteenth Year'of the Reign of his \mto subscribed, being Clothiers, arid Dealers in Cloth, Siik, P°rta£e present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lbeifoote to Stuff, and other^antifaftyres of this Kingdom, living la^|^conw Prescot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Courtty and residing within the Cities of Lcndbtl and Westminster^ Samples of Palatine of Lancaster \ and also for repairing the Road from and the Weekly Bi&k,cf Mortality, was presented to the Cloth. Prescot, through fVbifton* liatnbill. Bold, end Sankey, to House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and the Town of Warringien; and also the Road from 67. other Clothiers and Dealers in the said Manufactures, have Helen to Ashtcn, in the said County Palatine, frequently sent Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, and small

Ordered, That Mr. Salufbwy do carry the Bill to the Samples of other Sort of Goods, and other Things, not be:

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . ing Paper, iriclosed in single Letters or Pieces of Paper, to

the great Ease and Con venience of the Traders of this King-A Bill for repairing, ajmending, and widening the several dom, and to the great, Benefit of Trade; and reciting foe Roads leading from foe Red Post, in the Parish of Fiveu Rat<^s payable by an Act of the 9th Year of Queen Anne, head, where the TautUanTurnpike ends>forough foe Pariffc for the^ Port of Letters; and alleging, That the Patterns of of Curry Riveli, the Towns of Langport and Somerton, Cloth, Silk, Stuff, and small Samples of other Sore of Vol. z6. 5 Goods,


754 . 9& Aprilis 753.

Good*) and other Things, so sent by the Petitioners, and other Traders of this Kingdom, in single Letters, not being whipped up in another Piece of Paper, but inclosed in, or affixed to,lhe Piece of Paper whereon the Letters containing the same were wrote, the said Letters arc (as the Petitioners are advised) by the said Act, only chargeable with the Portage of single Letters; or if charged by Weight, in case such Letters should weigh less than Half an Ounce they are chargeable only with the Weight of a Quarter of an Ounce, which is the same as the Portage of a single Letter; and taking Notice, That, in the Bill depending in the House, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco, and for ascertaining the Rares payable for the Portage of certain Letters, and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, there is a Clause inserted. That for every single Letter, or Piece of Paper, containing One or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk, or Stuff, or One or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, or One or more Piece or Pieces of any other Sort of Thing inclosed or affixed thereto, though not Paper, if the same together do not weigh an Ounce Weight, the Rates payable by the said Act for a double Letter, shall be paid, and no more; and alleging, That the said Clause, in case the same should pass into a Law, will bringan additional Burthen upon the Petitioners, and others the Traders of this Kingdom, by subjecting them to double v Portage, in the Cafes above-mentioned; which will be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Manufactures thereof: And therefore praying, That the said Clause may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Rate* of A Petition of the Clothiers, Manufacturers, and other Portage of Traders of Stroud Water, and Parts adjacent, in the County

uining Sam- Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; pies of taking Notice of Part of the Preamble to the said Bill,

Cloth* relating to the Rates of Portage of certain Letters; and

complaining of Authority exercised by the General Post-Office, contrary, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the express Meaning of the Act relating to Postage, by charging Letters under the Weight of One Ounce, and sometimes under the Weight of One Quarter of an Ounce, double or treble, for having Two or Three Patterns of . , Cloth, Stuff, &V. inclosed therein, being only* such as are v necessary to distinguisti Colours; the Privilege of which

had) been confirmed to the Petitioners by several Trials ai)d Opinions had thereon; And therefore praying, That the House will take the Preniifcs into Consideration, and suffer no Alteration to be made in the Laws now in being concerning Postage, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

St. Botolph A Bill to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands in the Aldersgate Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldersgate, in the City of London, Church. and (be Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck., Mr Sydenham, Mr. Alderman Bet bell, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wtlles, Mr. Gore, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bertie, Mr* Pelham, Mr.

Robinson, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Potter, Lord Vcrney, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Watson, Mr. Thornbagb, Sir Hen. Marshall, Mr. PhUlipfon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. Martin, Mr Vernon, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Ker, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Wilson, Mr Hay, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr, Torke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Northey, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. West, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr* Fazakerley, Mr: Cono/ly, Mr. Powney, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lambe, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Berkeley, Lord -Downe, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Selwyn; and all the Members

who fervefor the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford,

Surry, and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for the settling and ascertaining die of Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace, was read the Third time. a

The Amendments following were severally propofedco be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 34. To leave out " County," and inferc <c Counties," and ^fter " Chester " to inlcrt " Lancaster <c and Durham."

Pr. 2. L. 20. To leave out " County," and insert " Counties."

L. 21. After cc Chester,to inferc " Lan-€t caster and Durham."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Sir Cor del Fireb race do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Sherbrooke Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in Koa the Third and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster^ and ocher Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from The School-house in Didsbury, to the Bridge in Wilmslow, in the said County of Chester; and for erect* iqg a. Bridge over the River Mersey; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass,: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Elevenrh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Third and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke , Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing f the Road from The SchooVhouse in Didsbury, to the Bridge j in Wilmslow, in the said County of Chester; and for crewing a Bridge over' the River Mersey.

Ordered, That Mr. Legb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Removi refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tobacc the Bill for more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Postage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.1

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to* move, that they^nay have Leave to lit again. i

Refobued, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- 'j ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H House, to consider further of the said' BilL

> v , . The

a6 GeO. II. 90 — 10° A(mlis.

m

Importation The other Order of the Day being read, for the House ot Sugar, to rcf0ive itferlf into a Commitee of the whole House; to considerof the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Wtfi-minster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Sugars, and have not been referred to the said Committee, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday neat, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is yi o° Apt His;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753. Prayers.

Bothcrup A N ingrossed Bill for exchanging, dividing; inclosing, kdoiure. and reducing into Severalty, the Lands, Common

Grounds, Pallures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Manor and Parish of EaJUecb-Martin, otherwise Bother up, in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Recompence and Compensation to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes and Glebe Lands, was read the Third time.

Resolved t That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for exchanging, dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty the Lands, Common Grounds, Failures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Eastlech-Martin, otherwise Botberup, in the County of Gloucester; and for making a Recompence and Compensation to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes and Glebe Lands.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

BtfcktonBnrn The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, to *tuJ Berwick whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Roadi. Road at Buckton Bu?nt through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammertoyi Hill; and from the Road at the South End of 7weedmouth, along Etall Highway, through East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, and, through CornbiU, to Deddobum; and from the Road at Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called Hombum; and from the Road near Scramer-flonK through Ancroft, to Lickerburn, in the County of Durham-, and from the Road at Scots Gate, in the said Town of Berwick, by the South Side of Hallydown Hill, to a House called The Bound Road House; and from the said Road at Scots Gate to Whit later Low-bridge, and to a Place called 7be Bound Road, within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the I ioule shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Hackrey An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the 1 xch Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford*

Vol. 26.

Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, oVer Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Milt End, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. L. 11. To leave out " other Highways," and insert c< the said Roads."

L. 13. After "by," to insert " this or/’ and after "any," to insert "other."

L. 14. After "Behalf," to insert f< respec-

of tively."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the nth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turn-pike at Mile End, in the County of Middlefey.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords; by Mr. Montague, and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker;

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Adb for veiling the Ellatc of Edmund Morton Pleydell Esquire, in T ruflees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to the Marriage of Edmund Morton Pleydell, the younger, Esquire, with Anne his Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Down, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing, the Road leading from Dover to Barham Down, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That the Lord George Sackville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for erecting several public Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and to impower the Trustees therein to be mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And chat the Tide be. An Act for erecting several publick Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and to empower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Ker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Willes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after* wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time,.one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

9 f Ordered

Pleydell’i

Eftace.

Dover to Barham Down Road.

Edinburgh

Streets.

Banbury to Edge Hill Road.

Xighley

through

Bingley

Roads.

Privilege.

Silk Manufacture.

Wefhninster

Paving.

754

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

Sir Walter Blacket reported from the Committee, td whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from the Town of Kigbley, through jBingley and Bradford, and over Dudley Hill and Wijket~hill, and through Adwolton to Wakefield, and from Kigbley aforesaid to Hallifax and Ealand, and from Dudley-bill aforesaid, through Ecclesal, Pool, and Town of Leatbley, to Beckwitbjbaw, and from Beckwitbjbaw to KilHngball, in the Way to Ripon, and to the South West Corner of Harrowgatelnoiofores, in the Way to Knaresborough; and more effectually to repair and widen the Roads from Leeds to Hallifdx, in Two several Branches through Bawling &nd Wibfey, and through Bradford and Little Horton, to Halifax aforesaid, and the Lanes called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, which branch out of, and terminate in, the Two Branches aforesaid, in the West Riding of the County of York: and for building a Bridge over the River Wbarf, at Pool aforesaid; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, wirh the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed. That some further Alteration will be proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Publishers of several News Papers had taken upon them to give Accounts therein of the Proceedings of this House;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That it is an high Indignity to, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of, this House, for any News Writer, in Letters, or other Papers (as Minutes, or under any other Denomination) or for any Printer or Publisherof any printed News Paper, of any Denomination, to presume, under any Pretence whatsoever, to insert in the said Letters or Papers, or to give therein any Account of the Debates, or other Proceedings whatsoever, of this House, or of any Committee thereof, as well during the Recess, as the Sitting of Parliament 5 and that this House will proceed with the uemost Severity against such Offenders.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and securing the Duties payable upon Velvets, Wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain: And that Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, Mi;. Alderman Baker, and the Lord Dupplin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of chemselves, and many of the said Inhabitants; and also the Petition of the Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants of the united Parishes 6f Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behaltof themselves, and many other inhabitants of the said Parishes; were referred ;That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Thomas Paulin said, That he had made observa^ tions of the several Streets of the said City and Liberty, and

A. 1753-

that in general the Pavements are in a very ruinous Condition; and he particularized several Places, which he said were very dangerous for Carriages, not only upon Account of the Pavement being broke up,but from thcDeepness of the Kerinels, which are dangerous for Carriages to cross:

That the Pavement in general is not fa good, nor doe* it last so long, as if the whole was pitched with Stones of a moderate Size.: and that the Proprietors of the Waterworks do great Damage to the Pavement, as they never repair the Places they break up so well: as they ought to do.

Mr. Franklin said, That he had observedthe Pavements, in different P^rts of the Town, to be very bad; that he had seen a Coach broke down, and another overturned, which he attributed to the Deepncfs of the Kennel.

He then mentioned several Streets in the Parish of Si. Martin, the Pavements whereof he said were very bad; andi in general, that whole Pariflv is very ill lighted, cleansed, and paved.

Thomas Smith Esquire confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Paulin; and added, Thatthe Acftof the 2d of King William, relating to the lighting and cleansing the Streets in the City and Liberty of Westminster, is greatly defective, and very ill executed; and he mentioned to your Committee, several Streets of the said Ctcy and Liberty, and the Number of Houses and Lamps "in each Street, a particular Account whereof he said he had took; and that many of the Lamps are lighted at the Expence of the Crown; and cnoft of the others are lighted only from Michaelmas to Lady-day i and that the Streets in general are very ill cleansed.

Thomas Lediard Esquire laid. That he does not think the Laws for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets in the said City and Liberty, sufficient to answer those Purpose*:

That in respect to Lighting, the A6fc dife&s no more than from Michaelmas to Lady-day, and, in that Period, not after Twelve o’Clock at Night, and that only extends to Houses in the open Streets; and should the Owners of those Houses neglect to hang out Lights, he Ihoukl be afraid to execute the Laws to compel them:

That he is equally afraid of enforcing the Laws against Persons neglecting to keep their Pavements in Repair, or indeed any penal Law whatsoever.

And being alked, If a regular Information was to be brought against any Person, for not keeping his Pavement in Repair; Whether he would not put the Law in Execution ? he said, If that was to be the Cafe, he could not refuse it; but that he should not think himself safe in doing it; and laid, He had never known any such Information brought.

Upon the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Spencer and Mr. Feary said. That vcy few of the Inhabitants of the united Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John had signed the first Petition.

Then Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parishes; was read: And

Mr. Reynolds said. That, since the passing of the said Act, the Streets of the said Parishes had been regularly Cleansed once, and sometimes twice, a Week; and that, at present, they are very well cleansed, and the Inhabitants well satisfied with the Laws for that Purpose:

That a few Days ago he had particularly observed the Streets in the Parish of St. John to be very dean, although it had rained the Evening before he made his Observation.

Mr. Stedman said. That, since the said ASt passed che last Session, the Streets of the said Parishes had been very well cleansed: That he had seen the Rakers at work regularly once a Week, or oftener; and should they neglect their Duty, upon Complaint made to the Vestry, they would be fined.

Being alked as to the Condition of the Pavement in King Street, be said, There are Ieveral Houses down in that Street, and the Pavement is bad; that James Street is very clean; but there are Holes in the Pavement before Mr. Ashlcy's House, that is now building; but he apprehends

they

lo* Jprilis.

2 6 Geo. IL i o0 Aprilis.

they will be amended as soon as the House is built; that paving,lighting, and cleanfrng, the Streets within the Lithe Pavement, from the Infirmary to Mr. AJbley's House, berties of the City of Westminster, and Streets adjacent, not is very good; that in Cabbage Lane the Pavement is very being within the said City: And that Lieutenant General bad, as there are Four or Five Houses down, and no-body Oglethorpe, the Lord Carysfort, the Marquis of Granby, owns the Land. the Lord HWfljorough, the Lord Bateman, and Mr. Fan-

And being asked, If a Person was to complain of the Jhawy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pavement, what Remedy he would have? he said, That

2 Jury g°es about the Streets, and returns to the Burgess The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Performance Court an Account of such Places as are bad and the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An of Court fine the Persons to whom such Pavements belong; Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Qua- 0Haranunc* and that Fines had been accordingly levied; and he had rantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being never heard of any body in the Parishcsof St. Margaret or brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland*

St. Johny that had refuted to pay such Fines; but in the or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Man.

Parish of St. Anne a Contribution had been made to defend And the said Amendments were read; and are as

Persons against the Payment of Fines, set by that Court; followeth; viz.

and he believed no Fines had been levied since in that Pr. i. L. 24. Leave out "or."

Parish; and if the Court should set a Fine for bad Pave- L. 36, 37. Leave out " shall be," and af-

ments, he thinks the High Bailiff would levy it. ter Proclamation;" insert or published in the London

And he added, That he believed Streets were let to Gazette Persons to repair the Pavements, who indemnify the House- Pr. 2. L. 25. Leave out <c shall be," and after

keepers in those Streets against all Fines for bad Pave- " Proclamation," insert " or published in the London menrs. 44 Gazette

And Mr. Jcbnfon said. That about Two Years ago Sir Pr. 11. L. 23. After <c provided," leave out 4f as

Thomas Langley was fined, upon Account of having bad aforesaid," and insert for the Reception of such Per-Pavements before Four Houses; and, by Sir Thomas's 44 fons. Goods, or Merchandizes, or for the Opening and Direction, the Witness attended the Court, and paid the Airing of such Goods or Merchandizes."

Fine, which was 17s.; and at that Time several Persons Pr. 22. L. 16. Leave out from "Three Months,"

then present disputed the Payment of Fines. to and to the End that," in the32d Line of the fame

Mr Feary being asked, If he had known any Fines Press." levied on any Person, on Account of bad Pavements ? he L. 40. After Proclamation," insert "or

said. Many Persons had been fined, and had paid the Fines cause the same to be published in the London Gazette' into Court: Pr. 23. L. 1. After Proclamation," insert "or

That there is a Jury of Annoyances appointed, whose Order or Orders in Council as aforesaid."

Business is to view all the Parts of the said City and Liberty, L. 12. After "Proclamation," insert " or

who return a Rollof all Presentments to the Burgess Court, 44 Orders respectively."

and the Court set Fines upon the Persons presented, and issue The said Amendments being severally read a Second

Summonses for them to appear, and Qiew Cause why such time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, tines should not be paid 5 and the Steward of the Court agreed to by the House.

grant Warrants to the High Bailiff to levy the Fines on Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to

such Persons as don’t submit to the Payment thereof. the Lords and acquaint them, That this House hath And being asked. How many Fines thfr High Bailiff agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. had ever levied? he said, He did not know; that the

Power of the Burgess Court had never been determined 5 A Bill for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Window and that several People had disputed the Power of that Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Duties ia Court, but not in Law. Scotland, was read a Second time. Scotland.

And being required to inform your Committee of the Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Condition of the Pavement in King Street, he said, That ReJolvedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee

there might be Holes half a Yard wide in that Street: of the whole House.

That Part of the Street adjoining to St. Margaret's ReJolvedy That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Church-yard wanrs fomt little Reparation; and it is pro- next, resolve itself into a Committeex>f the whole House, posed to amend it the next Summer 5 and that, in general, upon the said Bill* he thinks the great Streets in Westminster well paved:

That Marsham Street, Cooley Street, Barton Street, and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into LeatMey

College Street, are all well paved; but that Tothill Street, Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Inclosure.

and Peter Street, are not. the Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for

Mr. Kitchin, and Mr. Abraham Pricey said, That they inclosing anddividingcertain Common and Waste Ground, had made a Computation of the Number of Houses and in the Manor of Leatbley, in the County of York, was x Lamps in the grand Division of the Parish of St. Margaret committed, be now read.

Westminster; and that there are 915 Houses, and 346 And the said Order being read accordingly;

Lamps, in the said Division. Mr. Chancellor* of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s

And Mr. Price being asked, If those Lamps are all Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, lighted every Night ? he said; That from Michaelmas to having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives Lady-day they are; that some Part of those Lamps belong his Content, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, to the Government; and that they are lighted during the that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sitting of Parliament; but that in the Computation he had Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Considera-

made, he had not distinguished what Number of Lamps tion Tomorrow Morning, belonged to the Government, and what to private Persons. Mr. Salufbury, according to Order, reported from the Levant

Mr. Kitchin being asked. If there was sufficient Power Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for en- Trade, at pretent to oblige Persons to keep their Pavements in Re- larging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, was pair ? he said, He apprehended the Justices had sufficient committed, The Amendments which the Committee had Power under the Act of the 2d of King William. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to rc-

And Mr. Spencer added, That he believed the principal port to the Honte; and he read the Report in his Place;

Streets in the said Parishes might be well paved, cleansed, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and lighted, by the Laws now in being. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by the more effectually putting in Execution the Laws for one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Vol. 26. some

Bucktonfeurn and Beiwick Road*

Harrison’s-

Nau

i o° — ii® Aprilis* 1753.

some of them were difagrecd to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill* for enabling the Company to make By-laws, subject to an Appeal to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up.

And Objection being made to the said Clause, the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, preferring the Oath to be taken by Persons at their Admission into the Company.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up; and the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Parc of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for confirming Orders for preventing Infection.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Parc of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, prohibiting the Landing of Goods brought from the Levant, without a clean Bill of Health, unless such Goods shall have been opened and aired at One of the Lazarets mentioned in the Clause.

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill. .

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Buckion Burn, through Berwick upon Tweed, to hammer ton Hill; and from the Roa 1 at the South End of Tweedmouth, along Etall Highway, through East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, ana through Cornbill to Deddobum-, and from the Road at Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called Horn-turn; and from the Road near Scramerfion, through An-croft, to Lickerburn, in the County of Durham; and from the Road at Scots Gate, in the said Town of Berwick? by the South Side of Hally down Hill, to a House called the Bound Road House; and from the said Road at Scots Gate to Whit later Low Bridge, and to a Place called the Bound Road, within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; was committed j after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Reynolds have Ljeave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Mary Sybelle Harrison, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Reynolds, Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. hyfter, Lord Downe, Sir Walter Bagot, Colonel A'court, Mr. Dowdeswett, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Afjieck, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Richards, Mr. Hunt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Conolly, Mr. QjfUy, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. finch, Mr. Hay, Sit Richard IVrotuJUy, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Ellis, Mr* Jeffreys, Mr. Warlurton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancafief,

York, and Westmorland: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie have Leave to make a Motion j

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Plcyddl» Act for vesting the Estate of Edmund Morton Pleydell Esquire, in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement ma lt, previous to the Marriage of Edmund Morton Pleydell the younger Efcjuire, with Anne his Wife; and for ocher Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° che j

Anno a6* Georgii IlJi Regis, 1753* Prayers.

Sir Walter Blanket reported from the Committee, to xighlcy whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Koads through leading from the Town of Kighley, through Bingley and Bingley Bradford, and over Dudley hill and Wijket-bill, and through Roadk* Adwolton to Wakefield, and fr>m Kigb 'ey aforesaid to Halifax and Ealand, and from Dudley-Hill aforesaid through Ecclesal, Pool, and Town of Leathley, to Reckwithjhaw, and from Beckwithfhaw to Killinghal!, in the Way to Rip on, and to the Southwcft Corner of Harrowgate Indojures, in the Way to Knaresborough; and more tffcdlu illy to repair and widen the Roads from Leeds to Hal/ifax, in Two several Branches, through Bowling and Wibfey, and through Bradford and Little Horton, to Hallifax aforesaid, and the Lanes called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lone, which branch out of, and terminate in, the Two Branches aforesaid, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf \ at Pool aforesaid; was re-committed; That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Mr. Reynolds reported from the Committee, to whom Harnfon’ the ingioffed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Nat. naturalize Mary Sybe le Harrison, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found cht same 10 be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

MR. Warburton presented to the House, according to Dee

Order, a Bill for confirming an Agreement entered Navigation, into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and prefer ving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, within the said Manor; and for explaining and amending Three several Acte of Parliament, of the Sixth, Fourteenth, and Seventeenth Yearsofhis present Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

u

Sir

Ipswich, &c. Koadi.

Heme! Hem-

fteJ Stndl Debts.


Isfieltl, &c.

ko.d*.

26 Geo. II.

11

75?

Sir Cordcl Firehract reported frdm the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, and'.leaking more i;ffec-tual. Two Acts of Parliament, the one of the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Jpf-wtch to City don, and the Ro3d called The Pyt Road, in the County of Suffolk \ and the ocher of the Sixth Year of hU present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Ad, and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bully through Eye, to Lan-iborne (b een, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenbam Beacon, in the said County; was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Pill, and (bund the same to be true; and that the Committee bad.gone through the Bill, and made le-vcral Amendments cr.crrunco; which they had directed him to report to th. House, and i»e read the Report in his Place ;«afKi ao.erwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at t; e Clerk s Table.

Otdered,. That the Yai.l Report be taken into Consideration. after the j[Ioi»Ie shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the D>y.

An insroffi-d Bill, for the more easy and speetly p«-covery of Small JDAbts wirhin the 1 own and Parish of Here! Hemfled, and fev<jra\ other Towns and Parishes within the Hurtdred of Dacorum, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, I..L. 3. After " of," to infrrt <c Hamel Hemjled, " otherwise called."

L. l*o leave out " BerkbemftedC and insert " Berkhamsted." >

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly. . r

Resolved, That the Bjll do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more speedy and easy( Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and I?arish of fiemel Hamjfad, otherwise called Hemel Hemfled, and several Other Towns , and Parishes within; the Hundred of Dacorum, ii>,4;he County of Hertford.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore do carry the Bill to th& Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrofifed Bill, for continuing and giving further Powers ro the Trullees for putting in Execution Two «A<fh cf Parliament, one of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing* the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of yidd/fex, to the Town of Hertford, and tq the Great Btidge in IV are y in the County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge, to the S uth End ol me Great Bridge at Wades mill; and from the greac Road at Cheshunt, to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford; was read the Third

time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. L. 11. After " the," to insert " Hand and " Seal, or."

L. 12. To leave out " Justice or."

L. 14. After "laid," to insert tf Justice

u or."

And ti e said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended ac the Table accordingly.

Refohidy 'I hat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, and giving further Powers, to the Truilccs for nutting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, lor repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

VCL. 26.

Ordered, That Mr.. Hale do carry the Bill to the Lords,

*nd desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to ttie Com- St. Botolph mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Owners of Housefc Aldersgate and Lands, in the Parish of Saint Boto/pb Aldersgate, in Church, the City of London, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Stieple belonging to the said Parish, is committed.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Removing unto subscribed, being Clothiers and Dealers in Cloth, Tobacco,&ii Silk, Stuff, and other Manufactures of this Kingdom, living and redding within the County of Glouceflery was presented to the l ioufe, and read^ alleging, That the Clause inserted in the Bill depending'in the House, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Removal of'Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Tracier in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates.payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Law's relating r6 the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; which provides, that, for every single Letter, or Piece of Pa; er* containing Ope or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloih, Silk, or Stuff, or One of more Sample or Samples of any ocher Sort of Goods, or One"or more Piece or Pieces of any other Sort of Thing inclosed or affixed thereto, though not Paper, if .{he same together do not weigh an Ounce, the Rates payable by an Act of the 9th Year of Queen Anne, for a double Letter, shall be paid, and no more, will, in case the same should pass into a Law, bring an additional Burthen upon the Petitioners, and others the Traders of this Kingdom, by subjecting r

them to double Portage, in Cafes mentioned in the Petition; which will be of great Prejudice to {he Trade of this Kingdom, and the Manufactures thereof: And there-. fore praying, That the said Clause may not pass into a . Law; or that the Petitioners rpay have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House foall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

- An ingrossed Bill, more effectually to enable the Pa- Christ irifhioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of c

Middlesex, to purchase, hire, ojr..er$d, a Workhouse, for . or. u c* the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Pa- t r, rish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 5. After tc indefeasible," to insert <c -personal."

Pr. 11. L. 22. After " hold/* to insert M or;"

and in the same Line, to leave out " or enjoy."

Pr. 12. L. 24. After " hold," to insert "or;"

and in the same Lihe, to leave out il or enjoy."

L. 34. To leave out " and, " and insert

" shall be."

Pr. 20. L. 14. To leave out " shall and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act more effectually to enable the Parish loners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or cred a Workhouse for the employing # and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effedua! Support and Employment of the Poor therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtlire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill, from EarlAfli-the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the surviving £^r1nt^am A Trustees and Executors of John late Earl of Afbburnbam, ttc*

deceased, to sell and convey his Estate at Bretberton, in the County of Lancaster, pursuant to the Directions, and for the Purposes in his Will, be now read a Second time.

ob And

British

Fishery.

Portsra

Chapel.

Salford, &c. Roads.

Redftone Ferry Roads.

Her. shall *t

Smithy

Roads.

Latchmore’s

Name.

Rodatz’s' Nat.

Latchmorc’s

Name.

Removing Tobacco, £c.

758 ii6 Aprilis* A. 175 3.

And several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 24th Day of July 1661, in relation to the Bill lent from the Lords, for paving, repairing, and amending, the Streets and Highways of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, being read;

Rejoined, Nemine contradicente, That the said ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the surviving Trustees and Executors of John late Earl of Ashburrham, deceased, to sell and convey his Estateat Brother ton> in the County of Lancaster, nurfuant to the Directions, and for the Purposes in his Will, be laid aside.

Ordered, That Leaivd be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the surviving TrUftees and Executors of John late Earl of Ashburnham, deceased, to fell arid convey his Ellate at Breiherton, in thfe County of Lancaster, pursuant to the Directions, and for the Purposes in his Will: And that the Lord Dupplin, and Mr. Lambe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame* c

A Message from Ihe Lords/by Mr. Edwards, and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^ intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of ' the British White Herring Fishery, and for regularirtg the fair! Fishery according to the Calendar now in use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Chapelon the Common in the Parish 6f Portsea} in the County of Southampton, and for vesting Power in certain Trustees, forjehe Regulation thereof Avithout tfny Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, ihtituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads frdtn a certain Place in the Town of SatfordJto the Towns of Warrington and ‘ Bolton, and through tVardley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the J'ownship^f Duxbury, and to a Place "called ihe Broad Oak in Worfeley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Redftone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to the Hundred House, and from, thence to Mdnks Bridge, in the Road to the Town of Tenbury, and from the said Hundred House to the said Town of Tenbury, in the said County, without any Amendment: And allb, - ,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Buck-low Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warring-ton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester -, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling John Latchmore, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Frye: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Maurice Rodalz: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling John Latchmore, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Frye, was read the First time.

R Joined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ro consider further of the Bill for more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco;

and for ascertaining the "Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads Lobcomb leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterjlcw, Comer, &c. to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Roads* Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third time. '

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: Arid thafthe Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Teftwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Soutimmptmr:

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Ac- Account of count of the Sums that have been subscribed at the Bank 5U!?S fub* of England, of the Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds ^ralntclop^ arid Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Amium, for consoli-^ptirfuanc to an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, dating An-intituled, An Act for converting the several Annuities, wmics' thfeitin mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the several other Annuities, therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities transferrable at the South Sea House; and what Sums now remain unsubscribed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Levant adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Commit- Trade* tee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Company to make By -laws, subject to an Appeal to the Board of Trade, and directing in what manner such Appeals shall be made and determined.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up, and the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Linen Mai folvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- fa^ur,i fider of the Bounties payable on British and Irish Linens.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the aoth of 12 his

i6 Geo. II.

his Majesty, from Christmas 1747, to Chrftmas 1748 (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of February 1748) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties paid in Scotland, on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens, from the 10th of November 1747, to the 12th of December 1748, inclusive, out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Paymentoflncidencs, pursuant to a Clause in an Act passed in the acth Year of his Majesty (which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of February 1748) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth exported, from Lady-day 1743,10 Christmas 1748, inclusive, upon which the Bounties given by Two several Acts of the 1 5 th and 16th, and of the 18 th of his present Majesty’s Reign, have been paid.distinguishing the Quantities exported each Year, and what Part thereof is British and what Irish (which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of April 1749) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linen, called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Russia Narrow, which have been imported into England from Christmas 1737>to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of April 1749) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linen, called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Russia Narrow, which have been re-exported to the Plantations in America, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of April 1749) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linen, called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Russia Narrow, which have been imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Chrijhnas 17^7, to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 8 th Day of May 1749) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linens, called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Russia Narrow, which have been re-exported to the Plantations in America, out of that Parr of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year, (which was presented to the House upon die 8th Day of May 1749) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth exported, out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady day 1743, to Christmas 1748, inclusive, upon which the Bounties given by Two several Acts, of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th of his present Majesty’s Reign, have been paid,disttnguishing the Quantities exported each Year, and what Part thereof is British and what Irish (which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of May 1749) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Irish Linen, imported to England for Seven Years, to Christmas lad, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 12th Day or May 1749) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of British and Irish coarse Linens, exported from Scotland, with the Bounties paid thereon, to the 16th November 1749, inclusive, out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to be replaced by Parliament, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th of his Majesty, and a Clause in an Act passed last Session of Parliament (which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of February 1749) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid in England out of

Vol. 26.

759

such Part of the., Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from Christmas 1749, to Christmas 1750, together with the Quantities for which the feme were paid, pursuant to an Act of the 20th, and an Act of the 22d of his present Majesty (which was presented lo the House upon the 15th Day of February 1750) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounr of the Quantities of British and Irish coarse Linens, exported from Scotland, with the ’

Bounties paid thereon to the 2Cth December 1750, inclusive, out of such Parc of the Ola Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to be replaced by Parliament, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of an Act of the asdof his present Majesty (which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of March 1750) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Linen, called feast Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Russia Narrow, which have been imported into England from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1749 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of May 1731) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of British ~ and Irish coarse Linens, exported fiom Scotland, with the Bounties paid thereon to the 23th December 1751, inclusive, out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to be replaced by Parliament, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of an Act of the 22d ofehis present Majesty (which was presented to, the House upon, the 29th Day of January 1732) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens, exported, paid in England out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from Christmas 17 50, to Christmas 17 j 1, together with the Quantities for which the same were paid, pursuant to an Act of the 20th, and an Act of the 22d of his present Majesty (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1752) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens, exported from Scotland, paid out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to the 5th January 17,53* inclusive, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of an Act of the nd Year of his present Majesty, together with the Quantities of the several Species of Linens, for which the said Bounties have been paid, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens, exported, paid in England out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from Christmas 1751, to the 5th of January 1733, together with the Quantities for which the same were paid, pursuant to an Act of the 20th, and an Act of th,; 22d of his present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Siiefia Lawns, and Narrow Germany Linens, imported and exported, and the Duties arising therefrom, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1732, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to CornBounty. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures, payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of

the

Leathley

fnclosure.

Kighlcy,

through

BingJey

Roads,

Ipswich,

Roads.

Peebles

Roads.

760 ii° — j:

the Customs, fot the fiouhty granted on the Exportation of Corn.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, telolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing and ’dividingcertain Commonand Waste Ground in the Manor of l.'katbley, in the County of York, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were ieverally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed td,' and the rest were agreed to by the 'House.*

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, *

And the said Clause was twice read, and, * upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irt-grofied.:

The Order made this Day for takinginto Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from the Town of Kighley, through Bingley and Bradford, and Over Dudley bill and Wfket-bill, and through Adwolton to Wakefield, and from Kighley aforesaid to Halifax and Ealand, and from Dudley-bill aforesaid', through Ecclesial, Pool, and Town of leathley, to Beckwithfihaw, and from. Beckwithfihaw to Killingba/l, in the Way to Ripim, land to the South-West Corner of Harhwgate Inclosures, in the Way to Knarefiborougi \ and more effectually to repair and widen the Roads from Leeds to Halifax in Two several Branches through Bowling and Wibfey, and through Bradford and Little Horton to Halifax aforesaid, and the Lanes called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane,

' which branch out of, and terminate in, the Two Branches aforesaid, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf at Pool aforesaid; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day* being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration To-morr6w Morning.

The Order made this Day for taking into Corifideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the one of the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipfiwich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk, and the other of the 6th if ear of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former ACb, and for amending the Road leading from 7'axley Bull, through Eyey to Lantborve Green, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenham Beacon, in the said County; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read 5

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Dixon have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed-hope Brae-foot, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Wheam, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Inglejion, through Carlops, until all the said

0 Aprilis. A. 1753.

Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, was read a Second time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dixon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wilkinsion, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sandys, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Richards, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lysler, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Robbtion, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Thombaugh, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wifon; and all the Members who serve for North Britaki: And they are to meet this Evening at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jotiis, I 2° die Apr ills;

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rodatz'j for naturalizing Christian Maurice Rodutz, was read Nat. the First rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Burford from the Hand#nd Po/l in Upton Field, in the Parish of Koad. Burford, in the County of Oxford, through the Parish of Westwell, in the said County, and from thence over several Common Fields and Downs, lying in the Parishes of Little Barrington, Windrush, and Aldfiworth, to.and througlv the Parish of Bibuty, by a certain House or inn, commonly called the Swan, and from thence through the Parishes of Arlington, Bamjley, and Ampnty Cruets, into the common Road leading from the Town of Letchlade, to the Town of Cirencestery at a Place in the Parish of Preston, commonly called Dancy*s Fancy, in the County of Gkucester, was read the Third time. c

The Amendments following were ieverally proposed to be made to the Bill,

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Patifu of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucefilcr, called Dancy s Fancy.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from the East Brough End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Wefi- R°a£k-morland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge to Emont Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Wifon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for taking into KigMc Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom throne the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from the Town of Kighley, through Bingley and Bradford, and over Dudley-bill and Wiiket-bill, and through Adwolton, to Wakefield, and from Kighley aforesaid co Halifax and Ealand, and from Dudley-bill aforesaid, through Ecclesial, Pool, and Town of Leathley, to Beckwithjhaw and from Beckwithfihaw to Killingball, in the Way to Ripen,

Papifh*

Deeds.

Confhbles

Charges.

Tactafler, be. Road.

IT-rprole, &c. P.oads.

Chadwick’s

lliatet

Preferration

of

Highways.

26 GEO.II. ii° Aprilis. 7i

and to the South WestCornerof Harrogate Inclosures, in Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be iuf-

the Way to Knareslorcugh; and more effectually to repair ficient for the Use of the Members of the Hopfe.

and widen the Hoads from Leeds 10 Ha/tifax, in Two '

several Branches, through* Bowling and JVilfey, and Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to* Kdghtey

through Bradford and Little Horton, to Halifax aforefdd,. whom the Bill for repairing,^amending, and widening the *

and the Lanes called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Road from Keighley,\n the West Riding of the County of*

Lane, which branch out of, and termin'ate in, the Two York, to Ktrkby in Kendall, in the Counry of'7Vejltfdr-Branches aforesaid, in the West Riding of the County of land, was re-committed, with respect to the Clatifes and York; and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf, Provisions of Exemption from Payment of the Tolls, at Pool aforesaid, was re-committed, be now read. for the Qualification of the Trustees, and relating to the

And the said Order being read accordingly; Places for erecting the Toll Gates or1 Turnpikes, That

The House proceeded to take the said Report into the Committee had made federal other Amendments' to

Consideration. thfc Bill, with respect to the said Clauses and Provisions/

And the said Report was read. which they had directed hirri to report to the Hous^;1

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the and he read the report in hisdPlace j* arid afterward^de-}

said Bill, beif.g severally read a Second time, were, upon’ livered the' Bill, AVith the ^itiendments^he^etirito^dn at the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by ih?\ the Clerk’s Tablfc. 1 r

House. ‘ Oideted', Thatthe said Report be taktpintio C6h(idenf-T

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- tion Tormoriow Morning. r

grofled. ’ ‘ 1 v ....

V f Sir John barnardpxzsex\ttA to the House, According to1 Duties on,

A Bill for allowing further Time-forEnrolment of Ordeh, a Bill ro prevent Wines imported into any of the1 Winw. Deeds and Wills made by Papilts, and for Relief of Out-Ports of this Kingdom, being afterwards ‘brought1 Prorestant Purchasers, Devi fees, and Ltflees, was read a: into the Port of London, or Parrs adjacent., without paying’

Second time. '* ' - the London Duty: And the same was received; andjeacP

Ref-bed, That the Bill be committed. 1 , thefi:ft time.

Refolded\ Thar the Bill be cVmmicted to a Committee Refolded, That the Bill be read, a Second rime.: of the whMe House. " " ' ’ ,

Refo’vcd. That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,1 Mr. Horatio Walpole, senior, presented. ro the House, Silk Manu-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Silk'M.aqu- ^urc* the skid Bill. . failures of this Kingdom; and fecuting the Duties payable

upon Ve)vets, wrought Silks, and SilJcs mixed with other _r

A MefTage from* the Lords, by Mr. Montagu,. and Materials, nor manu/aftured in Great Britain: And* ‘the^ .9 Mr. He ford: , same was received; and read the Fi^ft time. '

Mr. Speaker, . Refolzed, That the Bill be read a §ecpnd tirnp.

The Lords have agreed to the Fill, inritirled, An Act 1 " ( ,

for the better faring ro Constables the Expences of con- Sir William Midd’eton reported from ithe Committee, to Felton Inclo-veyir.g Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Changes whom the Bill for dividing and inclbfing the " Common fare, of poor Persons hound to give Evidence agairll Felons;' called Felicri Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the with f^me Amendments: To v.Inch Amendments. the County of Northumberland; was committed/Thjt the Lcds defre the Concurrence of thi House . \nd also, C< mmirtee had exan&ined the Allegations of the Bill, and The Lord, have agreed to rf.e Bill intituled, An Act found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned for repairing and widci.irg the IT ad from Tadcafery had given their Coni’ent to the Bill, to the SatisfaCi ion of the through Newictis Collinghrm, Ilarew'.cd, Arlhingtcn, and Commiuee, except Chambers an Infant, whose fnterefl Pool, ro Ctley, in the V\ eft Riding or Ahfc County of York', is abou^40 7. or 50/. per Annum, and whose Mother hacjl without sn\ Amendment: And aTo, been applied to, who laid, That (he would not oppose the

The Lords hive agreed *0 me Bill, ir.tiruled. An Act Bill; Waugh an Infant, possessed of a Cottage o( for enlarging The Te» m ard Powers granted by Tv\ o Acts about 4/.' or 5 /. per Annum, and it could not be found to of Parliament, ore p.sted in the Twelfth Year of The whom to apply; Robert Rcbinfon, pb defied of a Cottage.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the of alicut 40 or 50 Shillings per Annum, and who could nocj other passed in the Nineteenth Ye*ar of the Reign of his be found; and Grace Hudfn, possessed of^about 20 or jo present Majesty, f >r repairing the Road from Liverpoole Shillings per Annum, who had been applied to, and rest.fed. to Prefect, and o*:her Roads therein mentioned, in the tt> sign the Bill, but said (lie would not oppole the fame:

County Palatine of Lancaster; ard also foi npaiiing the And that none of the said Parties appeared before the Road from P, eject, through Whif.cn, Rain hill. Bold, and Committee to oppose the Bill: And that the Committee Sankey, to the Town of Warrington -, and also the Road had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-from Saint Helen to Ashton, in the said County PaJacine; ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report without any Amendment: And also, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in able Evelyn Chadwicke, Esquire, and his W ife, and their at the Clerk’s Table.

issue, to make building L/ ases c.f Parc of his settled Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Fftate in the Parishes of Saint James Westminster, and after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Saint Martin in the Fields: To which the Lords , desire Oiders of the Day. the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Sir Robert Burdett reported from the Committee, to Afoby de la

whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Afloby de la ZouchRoad. The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon-whom the Bill for the Amendment and Preservation of Trent, in die County of Stafford, and to the Cock in Tut-the publick Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more bury, in the same County; was re-committed; That the effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; was Committee had made several other Amendments to the committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill/which they had directed him to report to the House;

Biistand made several Amendments thereunto,which they and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdc-had directed him to report to the House; and hcjread the livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Table.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. 7* Ordered, That the said Report be taken into ConGdcra-Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Considera- tion alter the House shall have proceeded upon the other tion, upon Wednesday Morning iVexr. Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Vol. 26. 9H A Pctipo*

Rntes of Portage for Letters containing Samples «f Cloth.

Linen Ma nuJatture.

Delators -Petition.

Ditto.

762 12° Apr ills.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Clothiers and Dealers in Cloth, Silk, Stuffs, and other Manufi&ures of this Kingdom, living and retiding within the.Towq of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the C^ause inserted in the Bill depending in the House, for more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Kafe of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters 5 and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to, the Sale of Spirituous Liq,uors by Retail; which provides, that for every single Letter or Piece of Paper containing One or more Patterq or Patterns of Cloth, Silk, or. Stuff, or One or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, or One or. more. Piece or Pieces of any . other Sort of Thing inclosed therein, or affixed there;-to, though not Paper, if the same together do not weigh an Ounce Weight, or Half^ an Ounce Weight, the Rates payable by an Act of the 9th Year of Queen Anne for a double Letter shall be paid for the Port of every such Letter, will, in cale the same should pass into a Laws. bring an additional Burthen upon the Petitioners, and;, others, the Traders of this Kingdom, by fubjccting them to double Portage in Cafes mentioned in the Petition, which will be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this, Kingdom, and the Manufactures thereof: And therefore praying, That the said Clause may not pals into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Bounties payable on British and Irish Linens, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the same was read; and is as followeth; vipo.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the Expiration of the Term for which the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coarle Linens by several Acts of the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were granted, and by several Acts of the Twentieth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued and made payable, the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, be paid yearly and every Year, for the Space of Nine Years, to the Commissioners and Trustees for improving Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, to be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, any of the Customs, Duties, Excises, or other Revenues, in Scotland, introduced by virtue of the Treaty of Union, or to which the Subjects of Scotland are, or shall be liable, and to be applied by the said Commissioners and Trustees, forencouraging and improving the Manufactory of Linen in the Highlands of Scotland only.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. West, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Oswald, and Sir William Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison, commonly called the Kings Bench, in behalf of themselves, and all others under the like unhappy Circumstances, throughout the Kingdom in general, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, to the amount of Five hundred and upwards, in behalf of themselves, and all other

4- 1753c

Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this. King-. dom, was presented to the House, and read; complain-, ing of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a bill for Relief of, Insolvent Debtors;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, (Mr. Bawes, (Mr. Be.'cbter: h

Tellers for the Noes, (Mr. Felhwes, £ M r. Gray: }«

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from die Com- Rem* mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more ef- Tobacco,&c. fcdtually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco , by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco.; and for afeercaining the Rates payable, for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; was committed; the Amendments '; " which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they (]9<d directed him to report to the House;. and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; apd then a Second time,one by one; and, uppfi the Question, ftverally put thereupon, were agreed toby die House.

And^jp Amendment was made by the t^ouse to the Bill.,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bcj ingroifed.

N - , . A

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Kind’s Beodi Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re- 1,rifon* port from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the King's Bench Prison, and of the Office of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's,

Bench, and of the Appendix thereto annexed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cocks took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr..Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had direcded him to report, and had also directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That die said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Mallors’n« Reading of the Bill to enable James Mallors to purchase Houses and Ground, and to exchange other Houses and B Grounds between the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, or any other Bodies Coporate or Collegiate, and the said James Mallors^ and to enable them to grant to the said James Mallorsy other Premises, on building Leases, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, in order to open and make a new Street from the West Side of King Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, to the back Parc of the Houses, Gardens, and 1 Yards, situate on the West Side of Delabaye Street, in the same Pari Qi.

And the House being informed, That no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Myddleton[ Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Cooke, Sir Robert Burdetty General Oglethorpe, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wiikinfon, Sir.

Peter Thompson, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. West, Lord Advocate, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Phil/ipjon, Mr.

Burrell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Core, Mr. Ncyonbam, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. Wilks, Mr.

i: Balfour,

i6 Geo. II.

12° — 130

Window Duties in Scotland.

Balfour) Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Shelley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr Medlycott, Mr. Affleck, Lord Strange, Mr. Barrow; and all the Members who ierve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Sussex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

the Question severally put thereupon,with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 aprilis;

Corn Bounty. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures payable by the General Receiver, or Caftiier of the Customs, for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. clownJhend reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; wmch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

o

The ocher Order of the Day being read;

JpfVich, &c. Ordered> That the Report from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, ihe one of the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty C^uecn Anne> for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk j and the other of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending the Road leading from Tax ley Bull, through Eye, to Lantborne Green, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenham Beacon, in the said County; was commicted; be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Window Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Docks m resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon

Scouan . tj,c g;jj for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon

Windows or Lights in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Felton Inclo- The Order made this Day for taking into Consideration fore. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for di-

viding and inclosing the Common called Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County Northumberland; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the bird Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the’ further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

.A(hhy de It The Order madethis Day, for takinginto Consideration Zouch Road, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafferdy and to the Ccck in Tutbwy, in the same County; was re-committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the ocher Orders of the Day, being read;

‘ The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

‘And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon 'Vou 26. i

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

THE Lord Dupplin presented to the House, accord- parj A^m ing to Order, a Bill for enabling the surviving Truf- burnham’* tees and Executors of John late Earl of Ashburnham deceased, to sell and convey his Estate at Bretherton, in the County of Lancaster, pursuant to the DirectLns, and for the Purposes, in his Will: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hai-rifon’* to naturalize Mary Sybelle Harrison, was read the Third Nat. time.

Resolvei. That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr Reynolds do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Discovering ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole l|>e House, to consider of lb much of the Act of the 12th of Longitude. Queer. Anne, for providing a publick Reward for the Disco-very of the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the examining, trying, and judging, of Proposals for discovering the said Longitude.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inge’s to enable Theodore William h:ge, Esquire, to make building Sflatc. Leases of Part of his settled Estate, situate in or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords 5 and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr Montagu, and Mr. Wapfe:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act S'^rbrooke to continue and render more effectual Three Acts of Par- Hill.&c. liament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Roa s* his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 1 hird and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his preEnc Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the School-house, in Didsbury, to the Bridge in Wilmslow, in the said County of Chesteri and for erecting a Bridge over the River Mafey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for jjcacijaiVs establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles for the Estate. Sale of the Manor, or reputed Manor, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at Kexoy, in the County of York, late the Estate of Charles Headlam, Esquire, deceased, and for vefting the undivided Third Part or Share of Ann Headlam Spinster, an Infant, of and in the said Manor and Premises, in Trustffcs, in Trvft to convey the f feme

764-

130 Aprilis.

A,

17 5 3-

fame purfoant to the said Articles; and for other Purposes of King's -Bench, for their Estate and Interest in the find", therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Con- Office.^.

Papists* Deeds, &c.

Kighley to Kirkby Kendal Roads.

currence of this Houl’e.

And then the McfTengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rejolv&d\ That this House will, upon Thursday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from Kighley in the West Riding of the County of X°rK to Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland; was

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queflfon severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr, Cocks also acquainted the House* ThatTc was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his that he will be

graciously pleased to give Directions, that feme proper and: convenient Place be found for the Reception of the Pri-faners of the Marshalsea of Lhe Court $f King s Bench, til! . such time as the Prison shall be repaired or rebuilt; and j that EfVimates may be laid before this House, in the Session of Parliament, of the Charge of repairing or rebuilding the said Prison. . /

And Mr. Cocks moved the House accordingly. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented,tohiv Majesty, That, he will be graciously pleased ro give Directions, that some proper and convenient Piace be found for the Reception of the prjforters of the Marshah

re-committed j with respect to the Clauses and Provisions Jea of the Court of King's Bench, till such time as the IVi-

of Exemption from Payment of the Tolls, for the Qualification of the Trustees, and relating to the Places for erecting the Toll-gares or Turnpikes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration }

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read 3 Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for excluding Alehouse-keepers, and menial Servants of Trustees, from holding any Offices under this ACV.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Hill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

son shall be repaired or rebuilt; and that.Estimatcs may be laid before this House, in the ne^t.Seflipn oPParmament, of the Charge of repairingpr rebinding the said Prison.:

Ordered, That the said. Address be presented, to tm.s Majeliv, by such Members of this Hpufe as are of his./ Majesty’s most Honourable Privy'Cpynqij,

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom Frame-work the Petition of several Personsremployed in the Rufiness Kuitters. of Frame-work'knitting in the Town of Nottingham, m behalf of themselves, and ail other Persons employed in j the said Trade j and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of Godalming, Guildford, and Places adjacent, in the County of Surry, in behalf of the Framerwork Knitters of their several Towns and

Parishes; and also the Petition of several Persons,employed in the Trade or Bqfindsof Fra me-work-knitting. Inhabitants of the several Towns, and Pa rifles of Godalming,\ Guildford, IVbitley, Thurslcy, Hamhledon, Compton., and other Places in the County of Surry, in behalf of them-

K»ing.’s Bench Prison.*

selves, and ail other Persons employed iathe said Tradoia England and Wales \ and also the fcvwali other PetitionV Mr. Cocks, according to Order, reported from the Com- relating to the Business of Frame-work-kniiting, were

: L rT" r ~.....L"": c J referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters

of the said Petitions $ and had directed him to report the fame, as th?y appeared to them, together with the i Resolutions of the Committee, thereupon, to the House j and he read the Repprt in his.Place; and afterwards' delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto* in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, Thatthe laid Report be taken into Considera* tion upon Tuesday Morning next.

mittee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Commiteee appointed to enquire into the State of the King's Bench Prison, and of the Office of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench, and of the Appendix thereto annexed, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Prison of the Marfoalfea of the Court of King's Bench is, in its present Condition, unsafe for the Custody, and dangerous to the Health, of the Prisoners; which Inconveniencies cannot be remedied unless the Prison be rebuilt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Office of Marshal of the Marflmlfea of the Court of King's Bench, is an Office of great Trust and Importance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the granting in Fee by King James the First, and the subsequent Mortgaging of the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench, by Persons claiming Title under the Crown, has been a very great Obstruction to the due and proper Exercise of the said Office, highly detrimental to the Authority and Jurisdiction of the said Court, and to the Safety of the Prisoner9 committed to the Prison of the Marfiafea of the Court of King's Bench.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Ten thousand Five hundred Pounds, w ill be a full andsufficienc Compensation to the Mortgagees of the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of

Mr.Townfoend, according to Order, reported from the ComBoanty. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Interest upon Debentures payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had direcded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read: throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 22. After " and, " to insert " to".

L. aj. To leave out " reside," and insert " reTiding"*,

Pr. a.

Levant

Trade.

16 Geo. II*

r 30 — 14* Aprilis.

765

Pr. 2. L. 24. To leave out the First " and

Pr. 4. L. 5. To leave out c< required and’* and after u impowered " to insert tc and required

L. 17- To leave out,c this Society " and insert " the Company of Merchants of England trading into the

Levant Seas".

L. 21. To leave out " Society " and insert " Company*’.

L. 24, 25, 26. To leave out " Society by the

Name of the Merchants of England trading into the " Levant Seas" and to insert " Company

L. 32. To leave out ‘‘Society" and insert " Company."

L. 37. To leave out "Society" and insert #c Company

L. 38. To leave out " Society" and insert " Company

L. 42. To leave out "Society" and insert u Company

Pr. 8. L. 7. To leave out c< as aforesaid".

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill wa^ amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

Ordered, That Mr. Salufbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importitioa The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a of Sugar. Committee of thfe whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southward whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of BriJ-toly whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported fiom the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve icfclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next, except Mr* John Hardman, and Captain Pope.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Crderedy That the further Consideration of the Report Felton from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and Inclosur*' inclosing the Common called Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Nor thumb er land, was committed; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Fight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Headlam* Act for estabiifliing and rendering effectual certain Arri-cles for the Sale of the Manor or reputed Manor, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at Kexby, in the County of York, late the Estate of Charles Headlam Esquire, deceased, and for vetting the undivided Third Part or Share of Ann Headlam Spiufter, an Infant, of and in the said Manor and Premises, in Trustees, in Trult, to convey the same pursuant to the fiiid Articles} and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 14.0 die Aprilis \

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants and Traders of the Removing Town of Macclesfield, in the County of Chefiery was Tobacco, presented to the House, and read} alleging, That the Alterations intended by the Bill, depending in the House, for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters will be a great Clog upon Trade, and contrary to the original Intent of erecting the General Post Office, which was to preserve and encourage Commerce, not to burthen it: And therefore praying, in case the House should think proper to make any Alterations in the present Laws relating to the Portage of Letters by the General Post Office, That (for the Encouragement of Trade) it may be to ascertain the Rates payable for the Portage of all Letters inclosing Patterns (under an Ounce Weight) to be the same as for Single Letters.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

South Sea Refolved\ That this House will, upon Thursday Morning

Company. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

Ipswich, &c. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Road*. whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the one of the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and the other of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lan theme Green, and for repairing the Read from Cleydon aforesaid to Ccddcnbam Beacon, in the said County, was committed; be taken into Consideration To-moriow Morning.

‘Window Du- Refilvedy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

la&d.m VCL. 26. b

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chadwicke’*; to enable Evelyn Chadwicke Esquire, and his Wife, and Estate. their I flue, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate, in the Parishes of Saint James Westminster, and Saint Martin in the Fields, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Hilfmorton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Incloswe. Fields, coitimon Pastures, common Meadows, common Ground, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of llillmorton, in the County of Warwick, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent 10 the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except William Earnjby, a Minor, who is pofifefifed of One Yard Land, and *

Cattlelly also a Minor, possessed of Three Quarters of a Yard Land, and who have severally declared by their Guardians that they would not oppose the Bill; and except Basset, possessed of Half a Quarter of a Yard Land; the Widow Pelever, possessed of Half a Quarter of a Yard Land; and John Compton, possessed of One Yard Land and a Quarter, who severally. declared they would ' not oppose the Bill; and except John Onely, who

£ I i*

766 , 140 Aprilis. A. 1753.

is possessed of one Yard Land and a Cottage, who refused to consent, because he was Only Tenant for Life, but said, he believed he should not oppose the Bill; and except John Compton, Thomas Chamberlatne, Edward Boding! on, and James Pettever, who are only possessed of Cottages, and severally declared they would not oppose the Bill j and except John Higgtnfon, and Mary Facey, who are each of them entitled to a Cottage, but could not be found; and except Thomas Abbott, who refused to consent because he held the said Cottage as an Estate for Life only, but declared he would not oppose the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

' with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fc-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Pipers Inn, Mr. Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom Sec. Road. the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glafion, otherwise Glastonbury, and Wells, to the Direction Post or White Poll: in the Parish of Midfomer-Norton, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Wells aforesaid, to Rush Hill> in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to, the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill to prevent Inn-keepers from holding any Place under this Act.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Felton Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the

Inclosure. adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common called Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, which upon Thursday last was read a Second time, but not then agreed to, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second rime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Candle The Lord Carysfort reported from the Comrqittee, to

Road. whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Oundle, in the County of Northampton, ro Alconbury cum Weston, in the County of Huntingdon; from Barnwell, in the said County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston aforesaid; and from the Mile Brook at Hamer ton, to Wood Lane End, next the Parish of Great Gidding, in the said County of Huntingdon, was committed. That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thac the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act P!eydeHrs for veiling the Estate of Edmund Morton Pleyde1 I Esquire, ^rtate-in Trustees, to settle the same pursuant to an Agreement made previous to the Marriage of Edmund Morton P ley dell the younger Esquire with Anne his Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second dme.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lyster, Mr,

Lefl’ie, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Charlton, Lord John Murray, Mr. Wilkinson. Sir Charles Ivlordaunt, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Pownev, Mr. Gore, Mr. Come wall, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Fell owes. Mr. Bouverie, Mr.

Gray, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Witfon, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Willes,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Richards, Mr. Compton, Lord Harley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Ridley,

Sir John Turner, Mr. John Yorks, Mr: TownJherJ', and all the Members who ftrve for the Counties of Dorset,

Somerset, Wilts, Devon, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House window Dn-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tic*itt Scot-upon the Bill for the more effectual levying of the Duties and’ upon Windows or Lights in that Parc ot Great Britain called Scotland, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. -. Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday.

Morning next.

The Lord John Murray reported from the Committee, Queen’s to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the North £erry. &c* Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of lnverkeithing and Ro<i s* Kinross, to the Tow n of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen s Ferry, through the Towns of Dumfermline and Torryburn, to the Tow n of Culrofs, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read;the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thep a Second dme, one by one; and, upon the Question severally pur thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-' grafted.

Colonel Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom G’afgow the Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the City Roads, of Glasgow, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill,

7<S?

26 Geo. IX. 14" — 16‘

Bill, and made several Amendments thet-eunto; which they had directed him to report to the; House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Klchester Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to Whom 'orkhouse, the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poors and for enlightening the Streets, Passages, and open Places, within the City of Chichester, and several Places adjoining thereto, and the Close within the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 4. L. 11. were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 4. L. 11. being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ipswich, |lc» Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Road*. whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the one of the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and the other of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lantborne Green, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid to Coddenbam Beacon, in the said County, was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Aprilis.

Luna, 160 die Aprilis J

Anno 26° Georgii lldl Regis, 175

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing certain RexHam Wastes and Commons; in the Manor of Hexham, hcWarfc in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Th?.t the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Commons in the Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Allgood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act LatcHniore* for enabling John Latchmore and his Issue to take and use Name* the Surname of Frye, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bond, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Warburton, Mr, Gray, Mr.

Medlycolt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Northey, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Vyrier, Mr. Hay, Colonel Leighton, Sir Robert Burdelt, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Powney, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Phillipson,- Mr.

Sergifon, Mr. Joliffe, Mr. Whichcot, Colonel A*court,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Legb, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Bourchier JVrey,

Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Barrington, Mr*

Ellis, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Buller, Sir Cordel Firebrace 5 and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Devon, and Somerset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Jones, Accountant Accounts of General of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; Sums fub-He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the J5nbcf

tt r r V . \ J r suant to Att

House, pursuant to their Order, for conroli-

An Account of the Sums of £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, datingAnnui-transferrable at the Bank of England, which have been tlcs* subscribed, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several joint Stocks of Annuities, &c. and of one other Act of this present Session, for prolonging the Time of fubfmbing: And also,

An Account of the Sums of f. 3. 10s. per Cent. Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, which have been subscribed, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several joint Stocks of Annuities, &c*

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

VOL. 26.

t


D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

?r

An ACCOUNT of the Sums that have been subscribed at the Bank of England of the Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George ad. intituled, An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several joint Stocks of Annuities transferable ON at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fundi and also One other Act of this present Session of Parliament for prolonging the Time of subscribing the fame. OO

Subscribeable. Subscribed to 1 SI A£h Subscribed to 2d A£h Total subsenbed. Unfubrcribed.

% £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ J. d. £. J.

Nevis and St. Christopher's Debentures 37,821 5 if 34,79° 9 7} OO «-o C4 12 S\ 36,049 2 1 *,772 3 o*

Tallies and Orders - - - - Anno 17 36 600,coo O O S8j.250 0 0 8,400 O O 593.65° O O 6,35° 0 0

— Ditto 300,000 O O 297,095 O 0 i,aco O O 298,295 O O *»7°5 0 0

Annuities - - - 800,000 0 0 755.161 8 0 3*.263 IO O 786,424 t8 O *3.575 2 0

Ditto ----- - - 174* 800,000 0 0 739,86° 7 10 40,19s 12 O 780,058 *9 IO 19,941 0 2

Ditto ----- I,800,000 0 0 1,668,672 6 11 98,520 7 I - 1,767,192 0 32,807 6 0

Ditto - - - - 1,800,000 0 0 *>675>783 *3 X 106,154 14 O *,78*»93* 7 I l8,06l 12 11

Ditto ----- H 1 2,000,000 0 0 *>935.252 6 2 54,868 *3 IO 1,990,121 O 0 9>879 O 0

Ditto ----- 1,000,000 0 0 945.327 IO 6 34.297 9 6 979.625 0 0 2°.375 O 0

£ 9>*37«82* 5 if 8>637.*93 a 376,161 iS *°i 9,°*3,355 0 124,466 4 if

Ov

a

4

3,

Bank of England, S April it si-

Thus. fonts, Accountant General.

k

Ordered\

o

r*

fc>

f*

Am ACCOUNT of the Sums that have been subscribed at the Bank of England of the Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds, Ten Shillings f*r Centum per Annum, pursuant to an Act passed the Jaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several joint Stocks of Annuities^ transferrable at the Bank of England> to be O' charged on the Sinking Fund s and also for consolidacing the several other Annuities therein mentioned, into several joint Stocks of Annuities transferrable at the South SeaHouse.

Annuities. \ Subscribcable. Subscribed* Unsubscribed.

First Subscription. Annuities - - 1746 -. - On Glass - m S. d. 2.230,$}4->3 6 £ J- d 2,160,894 2 9 C s. d. 70,020 10 9

Lottery - 1747 - On Coaches - - - 739>3 >4 >0 6 712,578 5 6 26,736 5 0

Annuities - - >747 - - On Houses - - - 3>S45»P96 >6 9 3»397.1 >9 >9 1 >47,976 >7 8

D° - 1748 - - - On Merchandize / ,« ' - .: " - 5»738.79j n 4 5>556.567 9 7 182,232 r 9

D" - >749 - On Sinking Fund — - - a> 603,830 6 ,;.3 2,497,066 l6 I 106,763 IO 2

D* - 1720 - - - On wrought Plate -. - - I 26,500 O O 121,000 O O 5,500 O O

— 14,984,455 18 4 14,445.226 13 0 539,229 5 4

Second Subscription. Annuities - - >746 On Glass‘ - - -; ' - 5935514 O 5 568,322 9 6 25,19k io ir

Lottery >747 :-v - "On Coaches -: -.. - - -v - 189,962 O O 174,417 10 0 15,54410 0

Annuities - - >747 - - - - Oh Houses - - - m m 644,268 8 3 605,724 2 7 38,544 5 8

D* >; .* >748 - . - Oh1 Merchandize . - V -A m ,921,107 6 11 879,008 19 i r 42,198 7 0

D*; - - >749 j- - - - Oh: Sinking Fund - - 364,666' 2 5 340,057 14 9: 24,608 7 8

P\ - 1720 - - - On wrought Plate - - - - 3*^50 O O 0 0 0 «~o 2,000 O O

2,716,867 18 0 2,568,780 16 9 148,087 1 3

: * .: : -- \ ‘ Total of the First Subscription: 14,984,455 18 4 14,445,22613 0: 539,229. 5 4

' >7,701.323 l6 4 17,014,007 9 9 687,316 6 7

ON

O

tn-

O

VO

Bank of

April 5th, 1753.

ON

g:

V*

I’bio' Jones, Accountant General

os

NO

t6* Apr

Highgate and Hampstead Roads.

Liviwgftoun, See. Roads.

770

Ordered, That the Paid Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

k An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate G a telieuft'and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways fradlftg to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the Paid Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from Living-Jloun, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton* to the Town of Strut haven, was read the Third time.

A. 1753;

and amending Three* several Acts of Parliament, of the _ Sixth, Fourteenth, and Seventeenth Years of his prefefU_ Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and prefer'ving the , vigation of the Paid River Dee-, be now read.

And the Paid Order being read accordingly; J w The said Bill was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gore, Mr. fhilC lif/ofj, Mr. john^Gor£, Sir Robin Buydelt, Mr. Locf(,[ S*r Rebel't Grosvenor, Mr. Lounge, Sir Richard Lloyd\ ML' Owen,'.Mr. Fazakertey, Sir Kendrick Clayton, ^lr. t<egbf Mr. H&niy Mr Fuller, Mr. IVbit worth, Mr. 'Sa/ujhuy,? Mr. Burrell, Mi*. Bacon, ML Gfthry, $ir Francis Rooky ' Mr. Afar tin, Mr. Cjful nd, 'MrCRrijlctye, ' Mn Oxendfr, Lord Strange,' Mt. Id'iltps, M r.pTay lor; Captain F&t$~ land, Mr. Pownfy, Mr ' Hay, Mr. Kjnifston, tyr.

Mr, Sydenham, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fabfix> . Mr Turkey Mr. pellqwes, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Berkeley^ Mr. Barrow, Mr. Aor they, Mr. Witkinfcn; and aH tb* ^Members whb ferveHfor the County of Chejleian| 6>r

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the.Tide be, ^hej Principally of Wales: tAn4- they ;are to jmeep tjii^ A r 1 r - t n . 1,. rj 1 of? Clock, |n the :Spe^t(^rd

LcatMey Ii> closure.

Enncver’a

Divorce.

Banbury to Edge Hill Road.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Livingftoifjt, by th'p Kirk of Shoits, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of,37r at haven. r:;

Ordered, That Mr. Hope Weir do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire -their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inciofingand dividing certain common and waste Ground, in the Manor of Leathley^ in the Cpunpy of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and e&ablishing in Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain-common and waste Ground, in the Manor of Leathley, in the County of %York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. f,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John EnnevePGentleman1, with Mary Cornwell his now Wife, and to enable-him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein tneBtidned; was read a Second time. h'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to ii Cgmmitt$e of the whole House. T A

Resolved, That this House will, upon Lburjday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the'whole House, upon the said Bill. 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witqefics, for the said Bill; and also, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard, by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

-- 1

An ingrossed Bill to widen and repaif. the Rpad from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sign Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass: And that the‘Tide be. An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guidp Post near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. W'tlles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dec:

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Navigation. Reading of the Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers ot Land, within the said Manor; and for explaining

Afijernpori 'Chamber.!

: ' /: - j j l

3)rdered, ThaftheVe b<* laid before this Houjfe, artAc- Levant nt of the Charges paid by the Levant Company f§; jJie-.Compuf, Management of then* Affairs, from the 30th of June to the 30th of June f 7 5 irlclusive; distinguishin^ei^hT

Year, and the Articles of the said Charges. r- 5~ 1*

I «4

t I ? j C:

The Lord Dczvne reported from the Committee, ^0 kmght> whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitule^ ^tf EfUtc, *Act for veffi^ig One undivided fourth ; Part of Elil&blth Knight, of and in divers Manors, Lands, and Heredfia-r3 ments, in the? County of'^r^, fore the Estate of kfi&rt Plompton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Tpuff, to felt the fame, so^the^uj-pofips ther^n meijitioned; was-J:ain«; mitted; That the Committee had examined tjhe i^egai*; tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true’; and ‘the Parties cdnceVneJ ha<5 given*their Consent to th^ lirllj;. to the Satisfailiojx.of the Committee; and that the Eajjna mittec had dire($ed&im»to report the Bill to the fJoSey* without any Amefld^ent: And he delivered the Bits-iffaf the Clerk’s Table. ' j

V /*

" A MefTage from the Lprds, by MC/Mvntagif *p$;

JMr. Holford: > '6 - ‘

Mr. Spwkcr, w-’ v ‘

» The Lords have agreqd tq thp Bill, intitule^, A^ Act. Hinton for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and 1 ucioiui^ Fields, Meadows^ and waste Grounds, in the Harn{ct"x>f Hinton, in the Parish of Woodford cum Membris, ki the; County of Northampton, without any Aimendmient :Arnd also. *?«..! :j u;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Afr’AftjEn field J -for continuing and giving fur,thei. Powers to thp T raft ties JR-adi* Tor putring i'n Execution Two Acts of Parlijimeig fefi’ repairing the Rbids'Trom the Parish of Enfold, \a thp; County of Middlesex, to tfye Town Hertfordt and^.

other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, without anyr Amendment: And also, r

The Lords have 'pafitd a Bill, intituled, An Act-ta ^3tar permit Persons profelTiag the Jnuish Religion :to be qaTjcws., Uuralized by Parliament; and for other Purposes tfeettiid; j

mentioned: To which the Lords desire th£ Concuciencii

of this HoufpAnd^ifp,; J j

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ‘fer WdJ ^confirming and estabiishing a Partition of several Manors';. «tl0i Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, longing to Sir Cyril IVich Baronet, Elizabeth fyilfok, . \

Maty Turton, respectively, and a Settlement rqade pittite- of for the Benefit of the several Parties entitled tp- -several undivided Shares thereof before such Parcqlon:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence off this* House. w '

And then the MeftTrgers withdrew.

Ordered,

26 Geo.,11.

?7t

CMth*!let. Ordered, That the CJrder of thfc Daft., for resumisg |the P<^r and adjourned Conlkjcrariyn of th,c, R<;po|T from (he Gem*1

Street. mittcc, to whom the i^jll for (he bftfer Relief and Employment oi the Poor.; and for enlightening the Streets, Paffjgcs, and opto Places,'within (he City c and J'cycflal. Pjaqes adjoining thereto, apd the (^within the said City, was committed; be nowread,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

TheHouse ,r^fumed;he adjourned Confederation of the said Report. . ..

And th^ wdc by {h^C.ommitteo-to the

laid Bill, tn.Fol. 4. L, ,iu which was read, a Second time upon Sfiprdaj-last, was, ygon the: Qy til ion, put

- thereqpon, d*Mgt«icd t# by the Hqufe. ..... y

The ReJiduc, ofithc Aimcndmcnu madefy the Committee to the find JB|il]a ;being severally read.a Secpnd (ime, were, upon the Qijeftion severally, put thereupon, with Awudn?cftts to several of them, agreed tp by the Hqule

' And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill. ;i w

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-. ...t» gtoffed- . yj . *; -_r:Lr

., V J -? 1

Greenwich Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom 'the

Poor, ire. Bill for the better Re!isfftnfi fcfOpk>y me ot of the Poor, in

the Parish of East Greenw, in the County of Kent; yuid for repairing the Highways and cfeanfing the Streets thereof, was cornnaiutdjrThap Jjhe Cprodntiechad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true}' and:that the Comjmittec hhd’gboe through7 the i. Bill,cod made several. Amendment* thereunto; which . they had directed,bin).to report to the House; and he read

the Report; ip ftis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments^ in at the Clerk’s Tables ' Mr. Chancellor. oC-.the-Exchequer, by his, Majesty’s Command, acquainted the H.o.use>.Thathis Majesty, having been iftturmed of the Pisrpost of the; said Bill, gives his Cpnfpnt, ys.-Lr a> his Majesty’stotfc'fest.k concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. ' Ordered, That (be; hud :Report ,bd taken into Con-

Ordered, That- Mrv 'Eowrtjkendfoocafry1'tlicBrll to'Vhe > iU

Lord*,' and desire their Concurreride. d 1 n.-.lT V

--i-.v . , ,. I’’ — " ;im '

1 A Bill for encouraging the SidkManofeftores of this1 Silk Manu* Kicgddm, and fcciifing the Duties payable Upotr'YelvetS,' fa&urc« wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with orbed Materials,-not Sttnufeftured io iaredt Britain; was r£ad a Second tiraei

Resolved’, That the Bill be committed. . >* .0.1 !.,.!

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of (ho whole House. ./.’> ’.v.v..«<'- /, 1

’Resolved, Thft;this House will, upon this Day rFortu night, refolveirfojfinio aXommitteoof the whole House, upon the said Bill,-: h>.

Mrv; Chartlpn, according to Order,! reported frprti the Window Gflrnmittetf of the whole House, to.Vhomtbe Billfor the moreifrftfftujdjlevying of the Duties upon Windows or

Lights, in (hat Parr oi, Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had madeK>(he Bill } iand which they.had.directedhim tore-port to the House t and he read the-Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by pot1 and, - Upon the Question: severally put thereupon, were agreed.tp;by the House;

/. And an Ameadmenc was made by the House to the Bill. . ..... . -v, V;, ' \

Ordered, That the BiH, with the Amendments be iugroded. , .

The Hpjjfpj according to:Order, proceeded’, to take General into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Register of whom the Bill for taking dndregistering an annual Account 1>0Puiation. of<hf (ot jd tyumber of People, and of the rotal Number of Marriages Births, and Deaths’} and also ’of the: total Ifiuonber ol Poo* receiving Alms from every Parishyand extra-parochial Placpl in Great Bri} was committed. vJi^nd the said Report was read. .

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the First Amendment, in Fol. 3. L. 5.

deration, after the floufc shall have proceeded upon thfc

other Orders of the Day.. . ,.;j

Removing An ingrossed Bill for more effefhiaily preventing the Tobacco, *e. fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Watery and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco/; aodfdr afeijtv taining;the Rates payable. f«.t,he Powage of certain Letters } and for amending and explaining the Laws rclacifig to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail,: was read the Third time. . iJ i.j..,:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

- An Act for more effectually p#eventing. the,ir-odu1enc

Removal of Tobacco by Land or. Water, and for thk Eafeof the fair Trader in Tobacco ;, and for ascertaining (he Rates payable for the Powage of certain Lqtters , and for amendingaod explaining the Laws relating to the Safe of Spirituous Liquors by Retail. . ,t

Ordered, That M.r.: do carry, the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence. ’

.; ' . , ’ , 1

CornBounty. An ingrossed Bill for allowing Ihterrft upon Debentures, payable by the General Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Com; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1 a. L. 31. To leave out " proper," and ioifert " like."

Pr. 13. L. a. To leave out " Four Days from the " Date of," and insert " which Time limited in."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing Interest upon certain Debentures for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn.

Vol. 26.

flv«e feyerally read'.a Secpnd time ;: and, rtjpon'.the Question severally put thereupon,some of them were difugreed to, and the rest were, agreed to, by the House.

jTbo-feid.iRiFft Amendment, in Fol. 3. L. 5. being

Head a Second tim

r.i A Motion - was rpade, and the Question: being put, TJhatthc B(li be re-COmmitted, wkh respect to the Clause, -Anjendmeitt had been made by the said Committee; ,

The House divided, w t The y oas iyhe nt forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

CSir Cotdel Firebrace, )

Mr. Bertie: }

fMr. Alderman Balter, \

... . j 3°‘

So it paflea in the Negative.

Then thf ^aid Amendment was, upon the.Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment made by the Committee to the said': Bill, whftreby,it was proposed to fill the Second Blank, in Fol. 3. L. 5, with the Word " Six," being read a Second time.

Aiifd (be Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment}

The House divided, v The. Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

3

3

18.

Tellers for SS2,

So it wjb resolved in the Affirmative.

’ Thfc next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The

772

i69 — tf

is*

1753:

Di(coming The other Orders of the Day being read;

the Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-

Longitude. ing next, resolve iefelf into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of so much of an Act, of the liihof Queen Anne, for providing a publick Reward for th6 Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the examining, trying, and judging, of Proposals for discovering the said Longitude.

Ipswich, &c. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee,; tt>

Roads. whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, the one of the ioth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better re* pairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called The Pye Road, in the . County of Suffolk; and the other of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amend* ing the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lantbome Green, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid to Coddenham \ Beacon, in the said County, was committed j be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Greenwich . The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration *oor, 5cc. the RCporc from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent \ and for !$ pairing the Highways and cleanGng the Streets thereof was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read j > The House proceeded to take the said Report into; Consideration.'

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.


Ordered, That Mr, Hay have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock*

And he moved the House accordingly.

Banbury to Ordered, That Mr. Scmdys do Carry to the Lords the Edge Hill ingrossed Bill to widen and repair the Roid from the Ouidfc Road. Post near the £n(j 0p jyrayfon Lafe, near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine, of the Clock*

Marin, i j° die Aprilis;

Anno 26° Georgii lldi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

AMES S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and

Mr. Ho/ford: !

Mr. Speaker,

Corner*1 & The ^orc^s have aorect*to intituled, An Act

Roads? ° for rePaifing and widening the Roads leading from Lob* comb Corner, in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Hambam Bridge, in the County of Wilts', and from the West Corner of Saint Anris Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Langford aforesaid, through Ower and Tejlwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

Dover to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act B-rham for amending, widening, and repairing, the Road leading Down Roa . from jyover to Barham Down, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

TbtLords have agreed 16 the Bill, intituled, An Act Hackney for enlarging the Term'and Powers granted by an Act, Road* made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Chufch, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, bver Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at MUe End, in che Cpumy of Middlesex', without any Amendment: And also, f

Thd Lords have agreed to the Bill, ihtituled,1 An Act Broigk for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End bf Brough under Siainmore, irt the County of Westmorland, by the Lfid Op Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge, in the said Gdimty, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, irttituled, An Act Burford for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and Roii Post, in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in th

County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy\ without ariy Amendment* 1 .

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for amending several Roads leading g*,* from the City of Exeter, was read the Third time. koadi.

Refolded, That the BiH do past: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter. '-- ....

Ordered, That Sir William Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An. ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Chicheftet mertc of the Poor, and for enlightening the Streets,-Poor Passages, and open Places, within the City of ChicbefieTi Stmu* and several Places adjoining thereto, and the C/g/Zr within the said City 5 was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 1. To leave out Twenty-fifth," and insert " Second and, in the same Line, to leave out " June>’ andinfert "July." <:

- And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for enlightening the Streets, Passages, and open Places, within the City df Chichester, and several Places adjoining thereto, and che Close within the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into jpfwich, Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Roadi. the Bill for Continuing, and making more dfeftbalj Two Acts of Parliament, ’ the one of the lOtb 'Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called The Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and the other, of the 6ch Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for amending

the Road-leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lan-thorne Green, and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenham Beacon, in* the said County, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

- The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the 8ill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

26 Geo. II. 170

773

Buckton Burn and Berwick Roads.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, Orders or By-laws of the Levant Copnpany, be returned to the said Company.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road ai Buckton Burn, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hilly and from the Road at the South End of Tweedmouthy along Etall Highway, through East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, and through Cot Mil to Deddoburn; and from the Road at Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called Hornbum and from the Road near Scramerfton, through Ancrofty to Lickerburn, in the County of Durham; and from the Road at Scots Gate, in the said Town of Berwick, by the South Side of Rally-down Hilly to a House called The Bound Road Hou/e; and from the said Road atScots Gats, to Whittatcr Low Bridge, and to a Place called The Bound Road, within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; was read the Third time.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bd'enden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker.

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleafid to give the Royal Aftenc to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Bri ifa White Herring Fishery, and for regulating the said Either/ according to the Calendar now in Use; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to oblige Ships more effectu dly to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts, into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Gttemfey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Man.

An Act for opening the Port of Exeter for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland.

An Act for permitting the Exportation of Wool and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain.

An Act for enlarging the Time, and continuing the Duties, granted by f.-veral Acts of Parliament for Repairs of the Piers of B, idiington, alias Burlington, in the County of York, and for making the said Acts more effectual.

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, capped, or fold, within the Town of Dyfart, and Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Three hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of the said Town.

An Act for building a new Church, within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for building a Chapel on the Common in the Parish of Pertjeay in the County of Southampton and for veiling Power in certain Trustees, for the Regulation thereof.

An Act for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex.

An Act for raif ng a Sum of Money, by a County Rate, for purchasing a proper Prison for Debtors, in the County of Devon.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough of Boston and Skirbeck Quarter, and the Parishes of Boston and Skirbecky in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of I^icester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County.

V OU. 2 6.

An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syket. which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkby, in Kendally and from the said Town of Kirkby, in Kendally through the Town of Shappy to Emont Biidge, in the said County of Westmorland.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town* to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Baftngfione, near the Town of Bag-Jbcty in the Parish of Wtndlefham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnbam, in the fatnc County* and from thence, through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, R of ley, Bishops Sutton, New Aire ford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns ol Yeovily Crewkerne, and Chardy to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovily in the County of Somerset.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of JVitfs, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and S her borne y in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to The Half-way House, in the Parish of Nether, ochcrwife lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Fltmwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticebwft, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Raftings, in the said County.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Market-house in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by An Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County.

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Car-tiJUy in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea-port Town of Workington, in the said County.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Henjball's Smithy upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hilly to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester; and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster; and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Lane, near North-wieby in the said County of Chester.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading , from Redftone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to The Hundred House; and from thence to Monks Bridge, in the Road to the Town of Tenbury; and from the said Hundred House, to the said Town of Tenbury, in the said County.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place in the Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane, to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Township of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Qak, in Worfeley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for repairing and widening the Ro*d from Tad-cqfler, through Newton, Collingham, Harewood, ArihingWy and Pool, to Utley, in the W tit Riding of the County of York.

9 L An

774 1?° dpritis. A. 1753.

Royal Afient An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted to Bills. by Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescot, and other Roads therein mentioned,in the County Palatine of Lancaster j and also for repairing the Road from Prescot, through Whi/lon, Rain-bill, Bold> and Sankey, to the Town of Warrington; and also the Road from Saint Helen, to Ashton, in the said County Palatine.

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Third and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty-, for repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the School-house in Didsbury, to the Bridge in Wilmslow, in the said County of Chester; and for erecting a Bridge over the River Merjey.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the Pariili of Winterflow, to Harnbam Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brooky and from thence to Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Teftwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton.

An Act for amending, widening, and repairing, the Road leading from Dover to Barham Down, in the County of Kent.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Ma-je fly’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road iTom Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and crpfs Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile. Endr>.in the County of Middlesex.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the^ East End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of 'iVeftniorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Emont fyidge, in the said County.

\; An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of GIp ycester, called Dancy's Fancy.

An Act for continuing, and giving further Powers to, the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from the Pariili of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry late Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence in ail Courts of Law and Equity'in Great Britain and Irelands . An Act for settling a yearly Rent on the Rector of Pusey, in the County of Berks, and his Successors, in lieu of his Tythes and Part ofiiis Glebe; and vesting the said Tythes and Glebe in John Allen Pusey Esquire, and his Heirs.

An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in fhc County of Gbncester, deviled by the Will of Alice GiU belt Spinster, for jaifing. Money to discharge several Debts and Legacies, and for laying oilt the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the Uses of her Will.

An Act for Sale of an undivided Share of Tythes in the Isle of Wight, settled on John Foyle Small, Mary Small his Wife, and John Small their Son, an Infant; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an Estate, in the County of Gloucester, to be settled to the fault* Uses.

An Act to enable Theodore William Inge Esquire, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate, situate in of n$ar Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, <

r.

An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing Canswick, alias Watlafs Moor, in the County of York.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Common Grounds, Pallure or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open, in the Parish of Quennington, in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and arable Fields, Meadows, and waste Grounds, in the Hamlet of Hinton, in the Parish of Woodford cum Mem-bris, in the County of Northampton.

An Act to naturalize John James Schweighaufr, David Girard, Christian Von Hohendorff, John Lewis Andre, and Andrew Sellon,

An Act for naturalizing of John David Barbutt and Fortunatus Planta.

An Act to naturalize Mary Sybelle Harr if on.

Resolved, That the ingrossedBili for repairing the Roads BucUonBurn from the Turnpike Road at Buck ton Burn, through Ber- Ferwick wick upon Tweed, to Lamnjerton Hill; and from the Road Koa !* at the South End of Tweedmouth, along Etall Highway, , through East Ord, to Twizel Bridge, and through Corn-hill, to Deddoburn; and from the Road at Etall Highway, through Duddo, to a Brook called Hdrnburn; and from the Road near Scramerfton, through Ancroft, to Dicker-burn, in the County of Durham; and from the Road at Scots Gate, in the said Town of Berwick, by the South Side of 11 ally down Hill, to a House called The Bound Road House; and from the said Road at Scots Gate, to Whittater Low Bridge, and to a Place called The Bound Road, within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes'do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the General Re-adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- gifarofPo-piirtee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking pulal,on‘ and registering an annual Account of the total Number of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total'Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish, and extraparochia! Place, in Great Britain; was committed ;* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, and nothing to intervene.

A Bill to prevent Wines imported into any of the Out- Duties on ports of this Kingdom, being afterwards brought into Wines. 1 the Port of London, or Parts adjacent, without paying the London Duty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon' this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill. j


An.ingrafted Bill for enforcing the Laws against Per- Plunder^ fons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked Goods, and Shipwrecj for the Relief of Persons suffering Lofies thereby, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to Persons stealing Goods j of small Value, without Cruelty or Violence.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up;

The said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon 3 ‘ the

1

a6 Geo. II.

17° Apr

775

Im^oration

o(Ua.nbricks.

Naturalizing

Jtws.

Shipton Malet, &c. Roads.

Lawton Gate, Sec, Roadb.

Regulating

Ale-houies.

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be ma le Parc of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be- added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to the Cinque Ports.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 31. After " Salvage," to insert "anddiftribute the same among the Persons concerned in such <c Salvage /’

L. 3 2. After " Parties," to insert " or the ct said Persons/’

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcjclved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall (leal or detain shipwrecked' Goods, and for the Relief of Persons suffering LofTes thereby.

Ordered, That Mr. (Way do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Conctffrence.

Sir William Tongs present^d to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more elTectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks, and French Lawns: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejclved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Shipton Malet to the Top of Rush Hill, in the Parish of 6tone Ea/lon, in the County of Somerset; and from Shipton Malet to the Direction Pcft and Elm Tree, at the Cross Way to Butnell, in the Parish of Aimsford; and also from Shiptcn Malet, to and through Ivelchester, to the South Pet ha ten Fridge-, and also from Ivelchester to the Cross Poll and Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Tcovi7; and also from Ivelchester to Sparkford Bridge , and from Ivelchester aforesaid r# the South Side of King/Jon Hilly leading to Scmerton, and Where the Cross Ways,meet; and also from Shipton Malet, to and through PPttn, towards the Town of Glrftonbury \ and likewise from Prejleigh to Milton Bridge, and from Rush Ilill aforesaid to and through the Grounds of John Hlppejley Ccxe, &nd to the Poole called The Great Pco’e-, be read the Third time, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Lawton Gate, in the Township of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Towns of Stindbach and Middle-wieby to the Town of Northwich, and to a Place called U insford Bridge, in the said County, be read the Third time, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Number of Ale-house$ in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more easy convidling Perfoas selling Ale and other Liquors without Licence, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

behalf of themselveSj and all other Persons employed in the said Trade; and also the Petition of several Gentle» men, and others, Inhabitants of Godalmingy Guildford, and Places adjacent, in the County of Surry} in 'behalf of the Frame work Knitters of their several:To\vn$ and Parishes; and also the Petition of several Persons em* ployed in the Trade or Bwfiness of Frame-work knitting, Inhabitants of thefevera) Towns artd Parishes ol Godalming, Guildford, IVilley, Thursley, . Mambledoti, Comptoh, and other Places in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons employed in the said Trade, in England and Wales; and also the federal lother Petitions relating to the B u fine fs of Frame-work knitting; were referred;

And'a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into Conficforatioa upon Thursday next, at T welve of the Clock, and nothing to intervene;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes, \

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Lafeelles: Mr. Prowfdy, Mr. Cooke:

So it was resolved in the Affirtnative.

r

7

5S-

32-

Frame-work Knitteri.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to vVhom the Petition of several Persons employed in the Business of Frame-work knitting, in the Town.of Nottingham, in Vol. 26.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Sugar, to consider further of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners,

Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities 6f London and V/eJtminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of die Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, <c The printed u Atfts of Assembly passed . in the Island of Jamaica,

" from 16S1, to 1737, inclusive," be *Teferred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Comrrtitrec/

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir. William Calvert reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day 'Fort* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housei to consider further of the said Petitions.

The Order made this Day, for the Third Reading of Shipton the ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Malet, &c. leading from the Town of Shipton Malet to the Top of Rush Road’ Hill, in the Parish of Stone Eastcn, in the County of Somer-Jet -y and from Shipton Malet to the Direction Post and Elm Tree, at the Cross Way to Butwel7, in the Parish of Aimsford; and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Ivelchester, to the South Petherton Bridge; and also from Ivelchester to the Cross Post at Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Teovil; and also from Ivelchester to Sparkford Bridge, and from Ivelchester aforesaid,to the South Side of Kings-don Hilly leading to Somerton, and where the Cross Ways meet; and also from Shipton Malet, to and through Piltcny towards the Town of Glastonbury; and likewise from Pre-Jleigh to Milton Bridge, and from Rush Hill aforesaid, to and through the Grounds of John Hippeftey Ccxe, to the Poole called The Great Poole; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day; being read;

The said Bill was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 33. After " Boyle," to insert " in the <€ Kingdom of Ireland,"

Pr. $. L. 13. After <€ Boyle" to insert " in the <c Kingdom of IrelandH

And

LawtonGatc, &c. Road*.

Fivehcad, Sec. Road*.

Rodatz’

ffat.

77<J

170 — 18°

i?53'

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shipton Malet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order made this Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrdfled Bill for repairing and widening the Roads From a Place called Lawton Gate, in the Township of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, through the Towns of Sandbach and Middlewich, to the Town of Northwich, and to a Place called Winsford Bridge, in the said County, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The said Bill was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 38. To leave out €i Seventh/’ and insert " Twenty-second."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewichy and by Spittle Hilly in Stanthoniy to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hilly to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Chclmonde/ey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from 'The Red Post, in the Parish of Fivebeady where the Taunton Turnpike ends, through the Parish of Curry Rivelly the Towns of Langport and Somertony to Butwelly near the Bottom of Almsford Hill; and also from The Bell Inn, in Curry Rivell aforesaid, to Puckington Lane, and from Cary Bridge, in the Parish of Somertony to Street CroJsy in the County of Somerset; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the Payment of a Sum of Money, towards repairing the Road from Butwell aforesaid, to Almsford, otherwiiz Ansford Inn, agreeable to a Clause in an Act, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shipton Malet and IveL chestery in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Maurice Rodatz, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyftery Mr. Kynaston, Mr. ProwJey Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fctzakerley, Mr. Nor they, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gwynity Mr. Tor hey Mr. Wilson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. Lytteltony Mr. Bowes, Mr. Which cot, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntey Mr. Dowdejwell, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Hump. llowarth; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

r\RDEREDy That Mr. Bowes do make the Report from Stockton,&c. the Committee, to whom the Bill, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon lees, in the County of Durbamy to Darlington, and from thence, through WinftonCy to Bernard Castle, in the said County; and the other, passed in the 22d Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act; and for the effectual amending of the said Road; was committed.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answert* Address of Friday last (that his Majesty would be gra- Ad(lrc^ ciously pleased to give Directions, that some proper and convenient Place be found for the Reception of the Prisoners of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench, till such time as the Prison shall be repaired or rebuilt; and that Estimates may be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, of the Charge of repairing or rebuilding the said Prison) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom Stocktos.Ac. the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more ef- Roads, feftual, Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence, through Winftone, to Bernard Castley in the said County; and the other, passed in the 22d Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act, and for the effectual amending of the said Road; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Colonel Abercrombie reported from the Committee, to PreftonPiw whom the Bill, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots% H*bour. or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pansy in the Shire of East Lothian, other wise Had-dingtouny for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken rnro Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

A , Petition of John Snodgrass, James Alexander, Thomas River dar Kerr, William Alexander, and Gavin Ralfton, M^ltfters, Navigatk in Paisley, for themselves, and in Name and Behalf of their Constituents, Herctors, and Burgesses, of the Burgh of Patfley, conform to their Commission of Power of Attorney to the said Petition annexed, was presented to

# ' $ the

26 Geo. II.

18° Aprilis.

777

the House, and read taking Notice, Thae Application has been made to the House, by the Magistrates and Council of the said Burgh, for a Bill fir imposing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale brewed, imported, or vended, within that Burgh, Suburbs, and Liberties thereof; and alleging, Thac this Grant is demanded contrary to the inclination and Opinion of the fargreateft Part of that Community, for whose Behoof it is intended; and that it will be highly prejudicial, both to the Revenue and to the Interest of the said Community; and that the common Good or publick Revenue of the said Burgh, if duly managed, i^ more than sufficient to answer all the reasonable and necessary Uses of the Community; and that most of the Fasts assumed to justify the Imposing of this Duty are inefficient and false, and will bejdifprovcd in several Particulars: And praying, That the Petitioners, in their own Names, and in behalf of their Constituents, may be heard, by their Counsel, and allowed to shew Cause, why the said Bill ought not to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition, and Power of At-

ga&ofu torney, do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, ro whom the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purpol’es; was committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, agaiwft the Ciid Bill, if they think fir.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon TuefJay Fortnight.

leda»* Hm. Mr. Lyfler reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Maurice Rodatz, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ind found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Felton I. Jo-

ght«-y

ough

*d*.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common caILd Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. L 25. To leave out u for," and insertt€ by."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrbfled Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from the Town of Keighley, through Bingley and Bradford, and over Dudley-hiU and Whifket-bill, and through 'Adwolton, to Wakefield\ and from Keighley afore-fitid to Hallifax and Ealand\ and from Dudley-hill aforesaid, through Ecdefal, Pool, and Town of Leatbley, to Beckwithfbaw, and from Beckwithfbaw to Kilingba/t, in the Way to Ripon, and to the South West Corner of Harrow gate Inclosures, in the Way to Knaresborough; and more effectually to repair and widen the Roads from Leeds to Hallifax, in Two several Branches, through Bowling and Wibfey, and through Bradford and Little Horton to Hallifax aforesaid, and the Lanes called Bkv-bng Lane and Little Horton Lane, which branch out of,

Vol. 26.

and terminate in, the Two Branches aforesaid, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf at Pool aforesaid; was read the Third time*

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill viz.

Pr. 66. L. 27. To leave out lc Fourth," and insert €€ Twenty-second."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Keighley to Wakefield and Hallifax, and from Dud’ey-bill to Kxllinghall, and the South West Comer of Harrowgate Inclosures; and more effectually to repair the Roads from Leeds, to Hallifax and Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane\ and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf ‘ at Pool, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Allgood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Statute amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Six Days Work on the Highways: And that Mr.

Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gray, the Lord Strange^ and Mr.

Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resumed theadjourned General Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to Register of whom the Bill for taking and registering an annual Ac- FulaaoD* count of the total Number of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish, and extra-parochial Place, in Great Britain, was committed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Clause, to which the Amendment, which upon Monday Lift was read a Second time, but was not then agreed to by the House, had been made by the Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out all the Words therein after the Word w re-committed."

And the Question being put. That the Words pro* posed to be left out (land Part of the Question.

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That the Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Thornton:

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes.

I!

CMr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Martin:

j 20.


88.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment which upon Monday last was read a Second rime, but was not then agreed t<& was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second tim£;

The House was moved, That the First Section of an Act, made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 3, L. 19, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, agreed ro by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 3, L. 19, whereby it was proposed to fill the Blank there left in the Bill, with the Words " One Shilling,*1 being read a Second time;

9 M And

778

18° — 19" Aprilis.

A- *75

Aftd the Question being put, That the House do agree * with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

] 36

} ’

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it was resolved in the affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time,

were, upon the question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed toby the House.

4 A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating ‘ to the MahneY BTregistering the Number of Births and y Deaths among lYiffenters.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

Tt passed in the Negative; / f

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the Questton being put. That the said Clause be -brought up; ’ r, ~:

' J It' passed in the Negative. ‘ ’ 1: JL

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, iJjfdeaWing out the Word *" will,* in" Fol. t, L. i; and inferring the Word may" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " will" ?-ftahd Part of the Bill; -

-It was resolved in the Affirmative.

' '-Then an Amendment was made, by the House to the

-; /.

And another Amendment was proposed to ‘ be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " annually," in Foi.’i,

l. 3. ' v.' rr';.1

And the Question being put, That the Wofft " an-tftialty" stand Part of the Bill; c ^Phe House divided. t .: 4 V.,;,

*v The N-bes went forth.; 1 " *'* ] # *'

1 TcJlers for the Yeas, j *5

; Tellers

So it was resolved in the Affirmative’.f\ I ‘r,; Then several other Amendirirusf were'made^ by k the House to the Bill.: " 1.' .‘ ,

A motion was made, andn£hb , Question being put, -That the further Consideration of the said Report.be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;’

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Lieutenant ^GeneralOgia-

1 7r i

I-

Shiptoo

Make,

Ice*

Roa4*.

Linen

Manufacture.

"Tfcllers for the Teas, j ' thofbe,

Te«en for the Noes, } *8.

Arid it appearing, upon the ^epprrof the Divisiop fey the Tellers, That Forty Members \yere not present

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without - ‘: ft Question firffput, till To-ftiorrbw Morning Nine of the Clock. ,r ' ' ' '

Jovis\ 190 die 'Aprilis \

Anno a6°; Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

; PftAYBRS. j ORDERED, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry t< r the Lords, tb* ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shipton Malet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

to

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Or^ der, a Bill for.encouraging and improving the Manufactdrjr

1 .

, f

of Linen in the Highlands of Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to t^e Maidfe* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wfiu Eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this prefenc Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Rent, in the room of William Horfmonden Turner hfquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the ingrofted1 Bill, from the Lords, in- Natura. ticuled, An Act to permit Persons profdfing the JewtJh 1,z,nS; Religion to be naturp.liz-"d by Parliament; and for olher CVVi*

Purposes therein mentioned; be printed.

' Art ingrossed Bill, from the Lords kirituled, An Act Chadwicke1, to enable Evelyn Chadwicke, Esquire, and his Wife, and their Issue, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate, in the Parishes of Saint James Westminster> and , . t Saint Martin in the Fields, was- read a Second pi me.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fyjler*

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Torke, Mr. Thombagb, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Saluf-bury, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Thomas Mo/lyn, Mr. Nor they,

Mr. Lane> Mr. Gwy?in, Mr, Lyttelton, Mr. lVilJon>. Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.^ Gower, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sydenham,

Sir Hump. Ho wart h, Mr. Bowes y fylf* Willdr/gn, Mr.

Berkely, Colopel Stanwix, Mr. Ky$afl({n% Mr. Cooke>

Mr. Thornton, Mr., Fazakerley, Mr. ^y,{Mr, Jffiecjcy Mr. Hume, Mr. Legbt Mr. Bold, Mr- Reqt, Mr* Earle,

Sir Robert Grosvenor; and all the Me^mb£rs ,who jerijc for the County of Middlesex: And they are this Afternoon at Five.of. the Clock*-in the S^cr’s Chamber. ' ':

A. bill for eqab}ing- the.fijryiving^Truflfeos and Eppecu- $#] a(K. tors of John late r Earl of Ashbu'nbam de(;yafed, to fell -and burnham,i convey, his Eft£tc at 2^ the County of Lan- Eitwc*

cq/ter, pi^rluan^ tg tEe?(|iX^edions; ipr the Purposes in hi^ Wilj, was read a Se^gqjJ 4®* . - l. .:

/i Rjfcivedy 'l'hat rlie Bill t^ comqiicted to Mr. Wiiikfon,

' KYn Lafceiles*, M r. Thomas Gore, Mr.- Lewis, Mr.

Chaftes (lore. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. /ffleck. Lord Strange, Sir Charles

or daunt, Mr. Kynofion, Mr Hump. Howorth, Mr. Wt'son^. ni Mr." Northey, Mr John Gore, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Bur- 1

dett. Sir. francis Dr a e, Mr. Bond, Mr. Kent, Mr. Leslie,

31 r. Belchier.y Mr Gwynn> Mr. Gash.y, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Townjhendy Mr. Hay, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gray, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr' fyaniel \Lafcelles, Mr. Wtiles, Mr. Conyers,

Mr* Katie* Mr. Ridey, Mr. Charles Townshend, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Frank land, -Colonel A*court. Colonel Powlety Mr. Peachey, Mr. Balfour Ramsay, General Onslow, Mv^Ker, Mr. Bold, Sir Peter Thompson, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Martin, Sir William Culvert, Lord Dupplin, Mr, Ellis* Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Lord Downe, Mr Gildart, Lord Howe) Mr..Richards, Lord Geo. Sackville, 'Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Hume, Mr. Totke, Mr. Dixon, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Butler, Mr. A bra. Hume, Mr, Hardinge, Mr. Proaxfe, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Legbp iAr. We/l, Mr. Jenyn?, the Members who

serve fpf the Co^ntiesqfLancafer £nd Sufjex, and for the Cinque Ports: jAnd ^fecy^are to meft this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,;tin she Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from Ashby de Aflibydc la Zouch ', in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon la Zouch Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to The Cock* frt Road* Tutlury, in the same County, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Stiff; viz. .» v*.

Pr. J.L. 21. Tp leave out " John" and insert " JoJfepb:>' 4 \ ‘ ,

And the said Amendment was, upon the Qveftion put 3to there-

26 Geo. II.

190 Apr

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Revived\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from AJbby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon %rent% in the County of Stafford, and to The Cock Inn, in Tutbury, in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Burdett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Menage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Edinburgh The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Street*. for erecting several publick Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and to impower the Trustees therein ment ioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto; without any Amendment: And allb,

jekylP* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

bSaie. . veiling the undivided T welfch Parc of Anno Jekyll an Infant, in the real Imitate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. .

And then the Messengers withdrew.

3 ». r.:.:. \> *' * \ '

Frame-work The Housey according to, Qixkr,.proceeded to tike in-Knittcx*. to Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Persons employed in the Business of Frame-work knitting, in the ToWn of 'Noitingbaih,in behalf of themselves, and aft other PeHbns employed irt the saidTrade; and also the Petition of several Genrifcnnfn, and others, Inhabitants of Godalming. Guildford\ and Places adjacent,;in the County of Surry; infcchalf of die:Frame-work Knitters bftheif several Towns and Parishes; and also the Petition of several Perfoos employed in the Trade or Business of Frame-work knitting, Inhabitants, of the fevrV^l Towns irid PaVifties of Godalming, Guildford, \Wiiity, ttutfeyflfarnbledon; Cottiptm% and Other places,

irrtfte County of Surry, in behalf of themselves, an<jl all

other Performs employed in the said Trade, in England and 'F/aTe?\rin&2}Soi\'iz several other*Petitions relating to the

BiHtness fef Ffarrie:work knitting; 'were referred. r: Arid the said *Report was read j and:is as fbUoweth*

:; . ' t - ? i ’ '

* fri "Sri^pSrt oF the Allegations of the fevetal Petitions of the Manufifturers, and others*, complaining of the Company of Frarrie-work'Knitrers. ‘

’ A Charter granted byKin^Xlharles the Secbhd, Tjji tile 15th Year of hH ‘Reign, was read; which ihcbrpprates

‘several Persons, by the Nlttie of Matter, Wardens, Af-% fistants, and‘Society v of the Art and Mistery of Frarac-wofk’ Knitter1*, of the Cities'of Lbiidon and Wefitninster, the Kingdom of England, arid Dominion of Wales, for: <v^rj with Pbwririco exertrife their Jurisdiction throughout England ‘and* Wales V ancf,from time to time, to make such: Bylaws for the Regulation of the said Business of Framework kriitting, ind to punish Personswho shall offend (against such By-laws.

And she Com^riy have, By virtue of their Charter, at feverirt times, rrrtdfc’Bylaws accordingly.

/ And by One of the Company's Minute Books it appears,’ That at a Court of Assistants, held at The White Hart Tavern, without Bishopsgate, on the jdJemuahy\ij/^, a Draught of By-iaWs for the better Government of the Company were'read, and unanimously approved of, and ordered to be laid' before the Lord Chancellor and the Two Chief Juliiccs for their Approbation.

And at a Court of Assistants, field at the same Place, the 22d of May 1745, the By-laws, being fairly ingrossed, were signed by all the Members present, as the Act of the Court, pursuant to the Powers given them by the said Charter.

VOL. 26.

779

And at a Court of Assistants, held at the Pauls Head Tavern, on the 19th June 1745, the Court were, acquainted, That the Lord Chancellor, and the Two Lords Chief Justices, had approved arid confirmed the By-laws, pursuant to the Statute of the 19th of King Henry the 7 th.

And it was then ordered, That an Abstract (hi mid be made of the said By-laws, and a sufficient Number be printed, and distributed to the Members of the Company.

And One of the said printed Abstracts was produced to your Committee, and is annexed in the Appendix, N° 1.

And the particular By-laws, of which the Petitioners chiefly complain as injurious and oppressive to fhc Trade, are; viz.

By-law the 7 th.

That the said Court may elect Two or more Members to be their Deputies, within such Distance from their Habitations as in their Deputations shall be limited,to rule and govern all Persons exercising the Trade of Framework knitting, according to the Powers granted by the Charter, in the same manner the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, may do by virtue of the Charter.

8.

That the said Court may yearly, on the Second Tutf-day in Aprils elect Two Members, residing within 40 Miles of London, to be Stewards on Midsummer Day? and on that Day to provide a Dinner for the Master. Wardens, and Assistants; and every Person (belefted, and refuting to serve, or, having undertaken so to do, shall afterwards, neglect it, shall forfeit 6/.

9*

That $h£&id Cqurt.ipay elcQ 3 Numbers to be Sjtew-ards on Lofd Mayor's Day/to provide a Dihnej,jfpr jcjjc Master, Wardens^ Assistants, and Livery-menjind every Person so elected, and refgfing to serve, ffia^fqrfejt. ^o/. v

Thqt it shall be lawful for ;hc M^.r an3 Warden, or any Two of them, with Two> pr mpfe Aff1stants> an(^ also for, their sworn Deputies, Four times in every Year, br oftener, in the Presence of a Constable, or other Officer, to enter Into all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, &c where any’ Frame, or Frame-work knitting is used, to view, search, ari^ prove, f all. such Frames, Warcs^or Worjc-manffiip, whether the fanve be artificially miade, arid of good Stuff ^rid, Mafje^ials Tand if they shall find any Frames, Warinfufijciently wrought, arid‘of bad Stuff, shall seize, and produce the same at the Hall or Meeting-place of the (Company, on their next Coifrt Day, to be difppfed of,.that the;Peqplc of this Kingdom may not be deceived with the fame*; and to fine, sft tfiB Discretion of the Couft? not exceeding io Jr. for OritJFkult; and every Person obstrtrfting the N^after, Warderif, Gfir. iri 'frich^Search, to pay 5/. and to be lawfiiP(ftr) the Master, Wardens, &fr. to demand of every Person* whole House -they search^ 4</;and, refusing to pay* 3*. ^d. for eVcry'Offence. J

That no Mtiriberi shall hire Frames of ariy btit fiifcH as are Members, upon Pain’of paying 12z/.;i Week for every Frame*; . > v

‘ i 16.

That no Member (h*ll teach and instrucc any Person in the Trade of Frame-work knitting, other than his Male Child or'Children, Apprentice or Apprentices, bound according to the Ordinances of this:Company, upon Pain of 50/. for every Offence. ?

17- v

That no Member shall retain any Apprentice,.until, for Trial of his Skill, he shall have wrought in the Pfqfence of the Master and Wardens, or some Person appointed . by them, a Pair of Silk Stockings, tfr, and upon finishing thereof, if approved, he shall be allowed a Workhpufe-. keeper, upon Pain of 5 I.

‘ 18.

That no Person shall exercise' the Trade of Framework

Fnme-work

Knitter*.

780

r 90 Apr

A-1753-

work Knitting, unless he hath served Seven Years Apprenticeship to the said Trade, and shall be first admitted aMemberof this Company; andnegleding to be admitted in 3 Months after Notice, to pay Jo*. for every Neglect.

That rto Member shall take any Alien or Foreigner to be employed in the Trade, Upon Pain of 10/. for every Oflence.

10.

That every Merttber residing within 40 Miles of London, who shall be minded to take an Apprentice, shall presenthim within One Month to the Mailer and Wardens, at the Hall, or usual Place of Meeting; and at a greater Distance, to their Deputies; and (if approved by them) to be forthwith bound by the Clerk of the Company, on Pain of 40 s. for evefy Offence; and if any Member, free of the City of London, shall cause any intended Apprentice to be bound to any Freeman of any other Company, he shall forfeit 5 /.

21*

That no Member shall turn over his own, or receive the Apprentice of any other, without Licence of the Master and Wardens, upon Pain of 4b s. for every Offence.

22.

That no Journeyman is to depart his service without a Months Warning (except for Non-payment of Wages, or by Mutual Agreement); and no Matter to turn away such Journeyman without the like Warning, and paying him what shall be due to him, upon Pain of 5/.

*3-

That no Journeyman is to work with any but such as are Members of the Company, upon Pain of 20^.

*4v

That no Master is to set any to work, but such as arc Members (except his Male Child or Children, Apprentice or Apprentices) bound according to the Ordinances of the Company, upon Pain of 5 /.

26.

‘ That the Matter and Wardens, or any Person appointed by them, is to receive of every Member, using the Trade as a Matter, 6 d. per Quarter, and from every Journeyman of the said Trade $d. per Quarter, and from all Members, not of the Trade, 6 d per Quarter; and every Member refusing to pay the fame) when demanded) to forfeit 6s, 8 d. for every Refusal.

.. # ,27-

That every Member is to contribute proportionably to die necessary Expences of the Company, upon Pain of paying double what they shall be rated for that Purpose.

' 'i 31- '

That all Fines and Penalties to be sued for in the Name of the Company, by Action of Debt, or otherwise, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record.

Cppies of which By-laws are annexed in the Appendix,

N°. 2.

And it appeared to your Committee, by the Copies of several Letters in a Book belonging to the Company, intituled, Letter Book," that Deputies were appointed by the Company at Nottingham, in the Year 174J; and tha| such Deputies refused to ad.

And to shew that the Company have established a Court at Nottingham, several Entries were read in the Company’s Minute Book; viz.

44 At a Quarterly Court of Attistants, held at

'. i 44 the Dog Tavern, on Garlick-bill, the 8 th Ja-u niiary 1750,

c A Letter from Mr. Wm. Seagrave, in Answer to a 44 Letter of the Clerks, wrote in Consequence of the Or* 4< der of the Company, the 9th of October last, being read; H and the said Order being likewise read, and this Court u taking the same into Consideration, proceeded to the Election of Deputies, and other Officers, as follows;

44 For Deputies at Nottingham, for the Town and *c County of the Town of Nottingham, and for the.

" respective Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lei- cester, and Warwick, during the Pleasure of the Court.

Mr. John Wright the Elder Mr. Thomas Haywood —

Mr. Thomas Cox —

Mr. Humphry Cox —

Mr. Samuel Fellows —

Elected

Elcdrd

Elected

Elected

hlcdled

For deputy Clerk,

" Mr. William Seagrave — — — Elected "

A Letter from Mr. Seagrave, to the Clerk of the Company, dated 21st January 1750, was also read co your Committee; which concludes with the following Words; 44 I don’t find that any of the Gentlemen here are so well citfposed towards the Regulation, as they were some 4< Years ago; and perhaps our taking Time may be of Use;

And it appeared by the Company’s Minute Book, that at a Court of attistants, held at the Dog Tavern, 13th May 1751, the Company's Seal was set to an Instrument. appointing Deputies for the Town of Nottingham, and the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lei cester, and Warwick, to continue in their Offices during the Will and Pleasure of the Matter, Wardens, for the Time being.

And it appears by the said Minute Book,vThat the following Order was made.

44 At a Quarterly Court of Attistants, held at the Dog Tavern, Garlitk-bill\ the 8 th of October 1751.

Ordered, That the Company’s Deputies be allowed 44 j /. each, for their Attendance at the Monthly Courts, 44 to be held at Nottingham, or otherwise, by virtue of this Deputation."

And a Letter from the said Mr. Seagrave, to the Clerk of die Company, was also read; viz.

44 Sir, Nottingham, September 7th, 175?.

,c Mr. Dymock fays he could not meet with Mr dwells till this week; and now he has spoke to him, 1 can’t 4t tell what to make of his Answer: As to Mr* Stamford, 44 he has b^en in Nottingham (as! am told) butnever called of me, nor any other of the Five, that 1 can hear of 4< I fear these Delays (which it is not in my Power to-re-4< medy) do tlje Company a great deal of Mischief; for " the Spirits of our Deputies fink uiiderthe Apprehenfiop, 44 that the Company above, by losing the Summer Season, 4< are grown indifferent in the..Affair* and, on the other hand, the Employers and Shop-keepers, that are got into the Hose Business, are incessantly at work, to give the Town and Country a bad Opinion of the Court; and while we lie dill, their Tales (I’m afraid) get root. I 44 am not for didating to People, wifcr than myself; bus it is my private Opinion, that if you would be regu- lar, you should admit Mr. Stamford before the Matter and Wardens in London, and give up your Scheme of admitting him here below; and if you are not certain of Mr. Stamford's approving the Deputyftiip, or of getting him up soon to London, it fcems to me, that you mutt fit ttill till next Summer, or pufti your other Bcheme; and try dircdly, if your coming hither will f< work up the Five here to ad with One Deputy from " Leicester. Mr. Haywood fays-he will ad, if the rest will, " till you can get one regularly from Derby: And it is not impossible, hut the rest may comply, when some of the Principals from London come to encourage them, in short, this is the only Nail that you can hope to drive at prefenc. My bed Compliments to the whole of the Company; and am, Sir,

44 Your most humble Servant,

44 For Mr. John Reynolds, 44 W. Seagrave

" Attorney, in Crutched

44 Fryars, London

then

2 6 Geo. II.

Then the following Letter from Mr. Seagrave, to Mr. Reynolds, was produced viz.

Sir,

€C I sent you a Copy of a Letter from Godalming \ lince " which I have received yours, of the 16th. 1 did not " know of any Direction but Crutched Fryars; but I " hope you have received what I sent a Week ago. Mr. " Charles Viliiers has been with me; and represents to me, <c that there is a general good Disposition among the " Journeymen, to be admitted. I shall favour that Dif- position as prudently as I can; and would therefore " take in all the Volunteers at Five Shillings, according " to the Company’s Order of 27th August last, before 1 u advertised it; and indeed, 1 am in great Doubt about " advertiGng it at all 5 because I am sensible, some of " our Employers, whose Spirit and Temper you have " seen, will advertise again, and turn the Company’s " Order to a bad Senfc j which would occasion a Paper " War; or if we dropt answering them, would give them

room to crow, and hinder more from coming in I €< am. Sir,

€i Your humble Servant,

" For Mr. John Reynolds, " IV. Seagrave.

" Attorney at Law, in

u Lime Street, London.

44 Nottingham, September 23d, 1752."

Another Letter from Mr. Seagrave, to the Clerk of the Company, was ailo read; viz.

" Nottingham, January 27th, 1752.

" Sir,

<c I have consulted with the Nottingham Deputies, " upon yours of the 16th. No Business offered at their " last Meeting; and they are sensible now, that there is " no Profpe&of any till there be a Suit against fotae non-

admitted Frame work Knitter; therefore they conelude only to suspend their monthly Meetings, while " they can answer no good End, in the Coonrry; and " will be ready to renew them as soon as the Company’s

Affairs may take any happy Turn, to render their^sting

here with the other Deputies of further Use; whereof

" the Company will be (o good, when the time come^ u as to order you to give us immediate Notice.1 I join <c with the Deputies in Compliments to all our Friends " in Town; and am, Sir,

, Their and Your humble Servant,

u For Mr. Reynolds, Attorney ' tV. Seagrav

" CrutcBedFryars,

" LondonM

- 7 1

Upon the Petitions of the Manufacturers of the Town and County of Nottinghamr

Mr. John Page, a Frime-work'Knit ter, at Nottingham, said. That the Company had Deputies at Nottingham, from 1718 to 1730, and appointed others the latter end of 1751, who now continue there; and that from 173010 1751 the trade of that Place greatly increased; and, in his Opinion, the Trade had decreased in London in that Period, because at least 800 Second-hand Frames came from London to Nottingham lince that time, and were fold for £. 100.per Cent, less than their Value:

That all the Deputies at Nottingham are Stocking-makers, and employ Persons not free of the Company, both Women and Children, in common with their Neighbours) and if that was not the Practice, it would be very injurious to Trade, as Hose arc made so low priced as i d% a Pair; in which Branch of Trade no Person will work who has served an Apprenticefhipof Seven Years.

That he never knew the Deputies apply any Money for the Benefit of the Trade, or refulc any rerfon his Freedom, who was willing to pay for it; that, upon binding an Apprentice, they never desire to fee the Proof Piece, but receive the Money for it:

781

That he never heard that the Company endeavoured Frame-work to prevent Frauds in the Manufacture; and believed the Knitten. foie Reason of putting their By-laws into Execution was to raise Money:

That the Court at Nottingham summoned whom they thought proper to attend them, and be admitted; that when the Company came to Nottingham, several of the ftibftamial Hofiers met the Master and Wardens at the Crown Inn s where their Clerk made a Speech, shewing the Utility of the Court; to which the principal Hofiers intirely disagreed; whereupon the Master and Wardens proceeded to threaten them with Proceedings at Law; but they were so far from being affrighted with their Threats, that if they could then have tried the MatteF, they would have joined Issue:

That 3 of the principal Hofiers, who keep ioo Frames each, desired it might be tried with them, and not with the poor Manufacturers 5 to which the Company answered, they would begin with whom they pleased:

And that when the Company was told, that as the Town of Leicester, and Country adjacent, had never acknowledged the Company, it was very hard to begin with Prosecutions against the People of Nottingham, who bad stood by the Company until the Manufacture had like to have been loft; to which the Company again replied, they would begin with whoiq, and where, they pleased:

That the Company acquainted the Manufacturers, that their By-laws were Sgned by the Lord Chancellor, and the Two Chief Justices and that this (as he apprehends) was the Company’s foie Pretence for creating their Court:

And he produced to your Committee a printed Paper, dated 14th October 1752, many of which he saw dispersed by the Beadle giving Notice that a Court would be held on the 26th of that Instant, at the Crown Inn, in the Long RowNottingham, for admitting all Matters and Journeymen, who were desirous to take up their Freedom; which Paper is annexed in the Appendix, N°. 3.

Mr. Thomas Eaton, Frame-work Knitter at Derby, said.

That about the loch of February last Mr. Thomas Stamford,

Frame-smith, a Deputy, was sent to Derby, from the Company, who, he believes, had never served an Apprenjtice-fljip to a Frame-work Knitter; that he ijever heard of the Deputies refusing to admit any Person who could pay the pees, though they never had served an Apprenticeship r nor do the Deputies ever desire to fee a Proof Pieces;

*iis sufficient if the Money is paid:

Tha; the Deputies had never endeavoured to prevent Frauds in working up the Manufactures, but had been-complained of for practising Frauds themftlyes; and that the Manufacturers had been threatened with their By~ laws.

And to shew that the View of the Company h*s not been to regulate the Trade, but by increasing the dumber of their Members, to accumulate Money to themselves, by Fees, and otherwise, the following Letters from the then Master of the Company, which arc entered in the said Letter-Book, were read.

" Mr. Bayley, " London, 19th April 1729*

" As you were formerly one of our Deputies, and I

hope (till continue a Well-wisher to the Trade, and Company, 1 (as Master) take this Opportunity, by Mr. Spray,

" to acquaint you, that it is the Opinion, and, indeed, the " Resolution, of several of the Gentlemen of our Court, to " try the Point, with respect to compelling Persons, exercifing the Tnufe, and keeping ,y/ork(hops, to be ad*

" mitted; and first to begin with Tome unadmitted Member in the Town of Leicester: For which Reason, and

in Order thereunto, I give you this Trouble, as being c< belt acquainted with Persons of the Trade there; dcfiring you'll fix on some responfible Person, who hatE " served his Apprenticeship to an admitted Member, but " now keeps a Workfliop, and carries on the Trade (not " being admitted); and, if you can, fix on a Person who <c hath Apprentices at work, with him, not regularly cf bound, which will be so much the better; for, in shore*

9 N' " wc

190 Apr

A. 1753.

Frame-work Cc wc have such Complaints from Nottingham, and other Knitters. *t places, that the Trade at Leicester, and those Parts, is u tinder such a bad Regulation, that it is a Discouragement " both to our Deputies to aft, and to Persons exercififtg

the Trade to be admitted; who think it a Hardship to " be compelled, unless the Offenders in your Parts were

brought under the same Subjection; so that I apprehend u there is a Necessity for the Compariy to engage in a " Law-suit of this Kind; and if the Point were once de- termined in their Favour, against an unadmitted Mem- ber in the Town of Leicester (where such have always of met with the greatest Encouragement and Protection) u the Parts adjacent would soon be under a'better Regu-4t lation. When you have fixed on a proper Person, and 4{ got sufficient Proof of his Offence, I desire you will give me a Line; which will be gratefully acknowledged by " your humble Servant,

" " Michael Mitchell.

44 To Mr. Bayley, in Leicester Gentlemen, 44 London, 17th May, 1729.

44 I take this Opportunity, by Mr. Smith, to remind you of giving us your Thoughts, as to the State of our Proceedings, with respect to an intended Application to " Parliament; and, at the same time, hope you wiB riot forget to fix on some unadmitted Member (as you pro-u mifed) against whom we may try our Strength in that particular Point. I have wrote to Mf. Baylcy, our late Deputy at Leicester, deliring his Information of Tome proper Person, to begin with in those Parts; but have not as yet received his AnswAr. I hear the Bufine& of your Court doth riot much increase; therefore think it necessary that you Gentlemen (horifd mAke a Search amongst the Trade in the Parts adjacent to you, 4n *4 order to diicover unlawful Workers, and Persons not admitted, and summon such before you; it wifi surely be worth while for the Company to be at chat Expence.

We are now, and for some time have been, at thfe Work 5 and did find the Benefit of it to’the Corripahyi " But if wefweep Our own Houses of unlawful Worker^' 44 And schfey are received amorigft the Yrade in the Goimtry^ 44 the Evil is not removed, but only (hifted from one to the other; arid it will be hard on OUr Members here to v have their Men forced from them, arid afterwards taken in by you, Gentleriiefi, in the Country. 11met>- tion this only by way of Caution, that you who repre^ " sent mty cake the same Care to prevent theft Abuses 44 amOrigft yourftlves, that we do amongst our Members u here; otherwise the Burthen will lie hard on some particular Persons, whilst we are endeavouring to regulate? 44 the whole Body. I am, with my hearty Services to ° you alh Gentlemen,

44 Your humble Servant;

44 I hope you'll let us hear " from you before I; " leave the Chair"'"

44 Michael Mitchell.

: \

44 To the Gentlemen Deputies at Nottingham 5"

i And also the following Letter* from the Deputies at Nottingham, to Mr, tfbompfon,. the then Matter of the Company,;

44 November ad, 1731, Nottingham.

44 Sir,

44 Our Business is Vei*y fmafl at present, Wchave had but Two bound Tb-d^abd Two last Court, and none «4 the Court before that; and we should have had none these Two last Courts, had we not taken their Notes u for the Pay for the Proof Piece, and promised to in; 44 tercede for the Remittance of it. This we attribute to the Measures and Pains taken by the Opponents; who assure them, that you agreed to remit that Article. What Terms and Propofais you have made to them, or c< what Correspondence has been carried on with them, u without the least acquainting us with, are a Secret to us, 44 which makes us look very little, and discovers a great

44 Mistrust of us; but, as faras we can hear, has no other Effect upon them, than to make them more uppish; a and fb far to flight your Propofais, as to declare they don’t think fit to answer them any more. This, from one of them, to Mr. Gilman (who is gone this Afternoon to Leicester about Business of his own) we sent our 4< Beadle into the Country, and summoned severalOflen- ders, that are admitted Members, to come as last Court,

44 and bind their Boys; arid Four of them came, but, in-

stead of complying, barely defied our Court; fowede-‘‘ fire you, and jdie Court, will fully consider this, and

give us full Orders, and proceed against the Offenders;

44 and say whether or no the Proof Piece is to be insisted ic on; otherwise it seems to me in vain for us to attend here, where we cannot propose to receive so much as to 14 answer the Charge: And if you please to give us fisdi further Directions, as will be useful and beneficial to the " Company, under the present Discouragements, and 14 such are confident with Honour, and a fair Character, for Deputies ro aft under, you shall find none more ready and hearty than, Sir,

44 Your humble Servants,

44 John Wrights

u Wm. Wilftm,

44 John Bloodworth, *4 Wm. Rcbinfon.

44 Mr. Shaw, who bound One of the Boys Today, 44 was one of our Opponents; and fays, They never design to come into any Agreement; and corrcfponded.orily to amuse you; but fays, That One of their Committee told him, since be left them, that they take in Subscriptiorts, And bind

Boys at die Growth, only till they have raised . " £. to pafoff Mr. Seagrave's Bill; and then

they will give off. — Others boast they have fobi

" ftribed another Fund, and are ready go defend a again. "

f v;w To^Mr. John tbdmtfou. Matter, i3c.

<c Nottingham, ift December

;SIr*. 7 1U;.S;... ‘ , . ;«

€* Having no Answer iq qnr respective Letters, nor any Process against Offenders,or any Affurance of your " presenting them, we have thought fit to meet, and con* u fult together whether it ifc proper for usiahold Coam <c any longer, to take and exact Money from such itw " po€>r, hrineft Neighbours, as wifti well to the Courts (c . whilst almost all others,refuft to obey any Summons, w and bid open Defiance to the Court, which, we can 00 u longer make easy to us; apprehending that Offenders, " whether admitted or not admitted, ought to be itnroediately.preferred, if.Courts are to be conuoued hoe; ic so we are unanimous in our Resolution to act as Dcputies no longer than next Court Day, which will finish kc the Half Year; and we will immediately after make " up and fend you that Account. In all other Respects 4< with regard to the Benefit of the Trade, and the Com* cc pany in particular, wc shall be ready to adyife and " assist to the best of our Power, in our respective Neigh-<c bourhoods; who are, Sir,

41 Your humble Servants,

4C William W\ifon,

€( John Wright*

<ci To Mr. John Thomson, &c. 4‘ John Gilman,:

lt Wm. Rofajin,’

44 John Stephenfm, 44 Wm. Hurfi,

44 Wm. Pagettr

And your Committee observe, That it appears by the Company’s Books, that in 1732 the Company propoftdio make several new By-laws,of the same Nature and Tendency as the present By-laws; and that Copies of such in* tended By-laws being sent to the Deputies at Nottingham, for 2 their

r

26 Geo. II.

190 Apr.

783

t

i-

3

their ConGderation, in a Letter to the then Master of the Company, after Gating their Opinion upon the particular By-laws, concluded with this general Observation:

" But, Sir, for what we observe from these Laws, the " free Members tie up themlclves, more particularly those " who ufc the Trade, and ought not to be encouraged; " and the Trespasser are still at Liberty, and will of course " take the Bread out of our Mouths; for if they can bind and work uncontrouled (and there are good Artists among them) who will put Apprentices to us? And if free Members must also have their Quarterageadvanced, 44 and be further subject to Contributions, who will become admitted? And how are we by those Laws amended in the general Aggrievances? You must be pleased to excufeour Freedom; believe us to be sincerely defirotls 41 of the Company’s Good; and that we (with due Re- spedti to yourself, Wardens and Assistants) are, Sir,

44 Your faithful Deputies,

To Mr. Tbmgfm, Master, idc.

" John St 44 Wm. H, 44 fVm. Pagett."

And, to shew that the Company themlclves have been of Opinion, that the By-laws, by them made, cannot affect any but their own Members, the following Paragraph, in a Letter wrote by the then Clerk of the Company, by Order of the Master, and a Committee of the Company, to the Deputies at Nottingham, dated aoth May 173 a, was read.

44 1 am also directed to say somewhat as to the unadmitted Members} it would surely never be apprehended by you, that such would be effectually brought into Subjection by any By-laws made, or to be made 44 (the By-laws of any Corporation only afftdling their own Members) and therefore the Unadmitted are not compellable to be admitted by virtue of any By-law; 44 but that must be done by Authority of Parliament; 4‘ which, after the Establishment of our By-laws, we in- tend to apply for; and a Abort Clause in an Act will effectually do that BuGness: And I do allure you the Court hath that Point at Heart, as much as you possibly can; but the Work we are about was thought to be most necessary, in order first of all to repair the Breach nude by the late Trials at Law,

Upon the several Petitions from Gadalming, the following Evidence was produced.

An Entry in the Company’s Court Book was read;

44 At a Quarterly Court of Affiftaots, held at the pog Tavern, Garlick-bill, the 9th 1750.

Ordered, That the presentMailer, Mr.

summoned; and they demanded id. a Quarter, from 1745 Frame-work

to 1751, and received it of several Persons: That the Knitters-

Witness attended them; and, upon his refusing to pay,

till he had made some farther Enquiry, he was threatened

to be troubled; that he answered, he did not know he

was obliged to pay it; and thought it unreasonable to pay

to a Company, who had made Laws to the Ruin of tj^e

Trade; that they then afkedf If he employed any meq,

who were not admitted ? and, upon His telling them, he

never enquired whether his Men were admitted or not, be

was threatened, that if he, or any one of the Trade, dared

to employ Journeymen, not admitted, the Company

would prosecute them:

That Eight or Nine Persons, who work with him, and had all. served regular Apprenticeships, though good Workmen, arc not able to take up their Freedom, Three receiving Relief from the Parish; and should he be obliged to employ nobody but those who were admitted, it would be impossible to get his BuGness done:

That Two of his Men were summoned to the Court, who had both at that Time Relief from the Parish; and One of them, whose Name is Moore, had an Action brought against him by the Company; which obliged hiqn to fell his Goods:

That from 1734 to 1751, the Company never came to Godalming; during which time he never heard any Complaint of the Goods manufactured there.

And being asked, What he thought was the Intention of the Company, in fending Deputies to he

laid. To admit Persons, and receive Quarterage;

And whether it was not to save the Manufacturers their Expence of coming to Town, to be admitted? he laid.

He did not know; but believed they employed Persons there to give them Notice if People worked who wejp not free; and that he always thought it an Oppreftion; and that it could never do any Good whatever:

That they never enquired into Mens Work, or fee any Proof Pieces; but take the Money.

He then mentioned to your Committee the several Bylaws made by the Company; and gave it as his opinion, that several oT them were highly injurious to the Manufacturers,' particularly chat againift letting out Frames, by any but Freemen; that relating to the Search; another relating to the binding Apprentices; another to Quarterage; another making every Member liable to contribute to the necessary Expences of the Company; and that which pre-feribes the Method of suing for Penalties. In short, there is not any one By law of Benefit; and said, That should they be ptft in Execution, it would drive all the Trade from that Part of thy C,ountry.

Henry Mature informed your Committee, That he.is a poor Man, anjd was admitted^ Member of the Company 24 Years ago, for fear he should not be allowed to worse at his Trade; and that he had a Prosecution brought

and Wardens, and such and so many of the Court »f against him by the Frame-work Knitters Company, for

44 Assistants, with the Clerk and Beadle, as the said Master and gardens shall think fit, do go to Godalming, in " Surry, and other Town* and Places in that, or the Coun- tics of Hants and Bucks, to keep Courts, and settle and transact the Company’s Affairs;and that all the.Charges and Expences of the said Journey, and relating to the fame, be allowed by the Company; and accordingly paid and discharged by the Renter-warden." And Mr. Edward Luck informed your Committee, That he

Six Years Quarterage, when he was not ablq.to pay it; and, upon that Account, he was obliged to fell his Gopds; and the Trade agredd 00 try the Action, to know whether the Company had a Right to Quarterage, or not.

And being.cro&‘ examined, he was asked. Upon Account of what Prosecution he was ohiiged . to fell his Goods ? he said. Only to pay his Rent; and that he had never paid any Money upon Account of the Profception from the Company; but if his Neighbours had notfqp-

is a Master Stocking-maker at Godalming, and Member of ported him in it, he must have run his Country.

the Company; that he was threatened, if he did not become a Member, he should not follow his Bufinefy; and though he made ufc of many Arguments to the contrary, he was told, that they would trouble every one who should carry on the BuGness, without being admitted:

That some of the Company, with the Clerk, came to Godalming, to admit Members; and summoned several poor Men, who, through Fear, were admitted; and that,

- finee that time, they have brought Adtioas against Two Persons:

That the Company held aCourt there in 34, and ano-

ther Court in 1751; to the laftof which the Witness was Voi. *6.

Daniel Lee, a Stocking- maker, at Godalming, fa\d, Thft he was admitted into the Company 30 Years ago; being afraid he could not carry on his BuGness wichout it; and that was his foie Reason for becoming a Member:

That when the Company were at Godalming in .17.$ j, he was summoned to attend the Court; which he did, and paid 1 z s. for Arrears of Quarterage:

That he then bound Two Boys, One of whonohad before been bound by Country Indentures; but the Company obliged him to be re-bound, which (including the Stamps) cost 9 t.each:

That

gratae-work Knitters.

784 190 A 1753.

That he was then told by One of the Company, he was a proper Person to serve the Office of Steward (a burthensome Office) the Fine for which is £. 6.:

That he had not yet been appointed Steward 5 and he apprehended the Reason was. On Account of the Law-fuic that was commenced against Moore* to defend which, the Trade had jointly contributed* but the Company have declined bringing it to Trial* and the Expence on that Action already appeared to your Committee to be £. 10. 16 s. 6 d. by a Bill produced by the Witness Part of which he said now remained unpaid:

That another Action had been brought against One Toft, of Godalmingt for Six Years Quarterage, to 1751* and it appeared by the Attorney’s Bill, that the Expences already incurred on that Account amounted to £. 50. 2 /. 6 d. but Proceedings in this Action had been also flayed, as appears by an Entry in the Company’s Minute Book.

Mr. Harry Batchelor, a Matter Frame-work Knitter, at Godalming, said, That he was summoned to attend the Court there in 1751 and left he should be troubled (as his Neighbours said he certainly would, if he refused to go) he attended, and was admitted, which cost him 15 j.* that he then bound an Apprentice, which cost him 9 s. and paid 13 s. for the Proof Piece, though they never lb much as aiked to fee it* they only enquired if he had served an Apprenticeship:

That the Day following he was with the Company when they aiked one Toft and Norris if they would undertake to give Information of, and serve Summonses upon, such as were not admitted, and took Apprentices and for the Service of every Summons offered 2 s. and they declining it, and the same Offer being made to the Witness, he undertook it, and served Two Summonses, but never gave them any Informations* and a few Days after lent a Letter to the Company at London, that he would have nothing more to do with the Affair.

And being cross-examined, said, The Company did not use any Threats to compel him to be admitted but only told him, that he should be admitted and he made no ' Objection to it but if his Neighbours had not told him, he would be troubled, if he was not admitted^ and if he had not been afraid of Trouble, he should have refuted it.

1 Thomas Mayor*Journeyman Frame-work Knitter,at ' Godalming) said, That he had followed* that Business ever Tince 1731, and in 17 ji was summoned by the Company, and required to be admitted but he alleging his Family was jlarge; and he not able to raise the Money, they gave him'She Months Time:

That he was applied to again before the Six Months expired by the Matter and Clerk of the Company, who aiked if he was ready to pay the Money, and be admitted but the Witness made the same Excuse as before *' with this Addition, that he then had Relief from the Parish and upon alking the Matter* What he would do with those Men who were not admitted? he answeted, " I " believe I must fend them all to Newgatewhich greatly affrighted the Witness, knowing his Inability to r^ife the Money.

And being aiked. If he did hot think the Master spoke those Words in jest? he said, He thought him to be in earned:

That they did not take any Money from any poor Man, to his Knowledge but prosecuted a poor Man, one Henry Mme* but that the Witness has never been admitted* nor has ever received any Trouble upon that Account.

James Grahdme, of Sunbury, said, He never served any Apprenticelhipto, nor knew any thing of, the Business of Frame-work Knitting that he bought Two Frames, with an Intention to employ Workmen, who should teach his Son that Business but did not think proper to use the Frames till made free of the Company, being told by them he should not work till then:

That he was accordingly admitted in 1752, and his Son was bound Apprentice to him the Company also telling him his Son should not follow the Business without being bound:

That the Witness could not say whether he was ever aiked if he had served an Apprenticeship to the Business or not; but no Proof Piece was required of him that he paid 15 x. he thinks, for Admittance, and it. for the Poor but is not certain what the Money was paid for.

Then the following Entries in the Company’s Court Book were read.

" At a Court of Assistants, held at the White " Hart, without Bishopsgate, London, 23d October 1746.

Ordered, That John Hollingworth, who exercises die €t Trade of a Frame-work Knitter, in Spital Fields, be c< summoned before the Matter and Wardens, on Wed-, €€ nejday the 29th Instant, at Four o'Clock in the After-u noon, to be admitted a Member of this Company.

" At the White Hart Tavern, without Bishopsgate,

€€ 14th April 1747.

Ordered, That Benjamin Willis, at Miltrop, near <c Towcester, be wrote to, That unless he re-binds his Ap-<c prentice, who was bound by a foreign Indenture, he <c will be prosecuted.

At the Golden Hind, in Redcross Street) Sch December

"1746.

" James Bradshaw, Joseph Dunce, Wyld, and c< James Wightmany summoned to be admitted this Day, <c but did not attend: Whereupon it is ordered. That " the Matter and Wardens, and the Committee appointed " by this Court, the 14th of January 1745, be ’trn-u powered to give such Directions as they shall think " proper for prosecuting the m:

" At GuildbaU Cosse^-hotrfe, o.\%August 1747.

" Mr. Blades informed the Company, That Mr. -» " Baggeley, and Mr. Tomkins, in Gravel Lane) Houndf-u ditch) kept Two Workmen. Ordered,-they be wrot* " to , :.r.v '

" Mr. Badcock) in Chiswell Street, to be wrote tty for " keeping Frames. /: > , jiv

u At the White Hart Tavern* without Bishopfgqle,

" 24th June 1749-u Ordered,. That the; Clerk proceed, from time to " time, against such Persons who shall not comply, after " having been regularly summoned. .: 7 i

Ordered, That the Beadle beiallowed is. 6i. in w the Pound, for Quarterage he shall collect for the Year "enfuing. . 1 '

" AtGuildbaU Coffee-house, i^ ili November 1749.

John Lynington, tf ChiJwell Street, Stocking-maker, declared; That he had often seen a a Hofiingwcrtk

u wprk with1 a Frame. J ' ‘'

" At fat Whit* Hart Tavern, without Bifbotfgate>

J: j .0; " 15th November 1749.

" Ordered, a a a Hollingworth be proceeded of against, as an unlawful Worker.

At a Quarterly Court* held at the White Hart Tavern, , " without Bishopsgate, the 9th January 1749.

Ordered, That it be left to the Master and Wardens, " to prbfecute Hollingworth, in Lamb Street) Bpital Fields, €< over-against: Powell's Coffee-house, as an unlawful M Worker.

Ordered, That Jacobs be prosecuted. 1 -

: '.i\

" At a General Court of Assistants, held at the Dog f< Tavern, Garfick~hill> on the 24th day of June " 1751, for the Election of Officers for the Year " ensuing. t

Ordered, That the Master and Wardens, for the u Time being, Mr. Richard West, Mr. Thomas Rokinjon, M Mr. William Spencer, Mr. Charles CWf, and Mr. George Alcock) be a Committee, for* to give the proper Direc-

u tions

2 6 Ge6. It. Ai

u tions to the Clerk* from time to tim£, to £rocetd against all unlawful Wofkert and Offenders agaitfft the DrdU 44 nances of the Company.

44 At a Quarterly Court of Assistants, held at the Dog

44 Tavern, Gar lick hill, the 8ch of O&obtr 1751.

44 Ordered* That the Matter and Wardens, for the Time being, Mr. Thomas Robinson, Mr. William, Spen-rt cer, Mr. Richard West, Mr. Charles Cole, and Mr.

44 George Alcock, or any Five of them (the Matter and One of the Wardens always to be Two) be a feorri-n mittee j and are hereby impowered to meet, rind to w give the Clerk the proper Directions, frOm dime td time, to proceed agairlft all Offenders against the Char-1 ter and Ordinances of the Company.

Ordered, That the Matter, with such Other Genfle- men as he shall think proper to appoint to assist him,

44 together with the Clerk, do go to Towcester, to bind and admit, and transact the Bufinds and Affairs of the Com* u pany in those Parts; and* that the Expence attending the same be paid by the Renter, or Upper Warden.

44 At a Committee of the Court of Affittanes at Guild- ball Coffee-house, near Guildhall, London, on the " 16th October 1751.

Ordered, That the Clerk do goto Godalm'tng. and 41 make Demand of and from Janies Toft, of hft Arrears of Quarterage, due to the Company; and that the Ex-M pence attending the same be defrayed by the Renter

Warden.

44 At a Quarterly Court of Assistants* held at the Dog 41 Tavern, Gar lick-bill, the* 14th January 1752.

Ordered, That the Matter and Wardens.borrow and <c take up-any Sum, upon the Company’s Bond or Bonds,

41 not exceeding jo/, at 5/. per Cent. who are hereby in* 44 powered' to affix the Common Seal of this Company 4t to any Bond or Bonds, for securing the Repayment of cc such Sum raifod, pursuant to this Order.

Ordered, That the Clerk proceed against James Toftj in the Action brought against him by this Company* 44 with alt Expedition.

<r. Ordered also, That the Clerk declare agaitift Httnry of Moore, \n the Action brought against hirft'by tfrisComi pany; but not to proceed arty further therein Without the further Order of this Court, or of the'Gotarfcittee ap* 44 pointed to give directiens for proceeding against all 44 O Benders against the Charter and Ordinances of thi$ 44 Company.

44 At a Committee of the Court of Assistants, held at Guildhall Coffee house, near Guildhall, London* €< the 16th June 1752.

€9r The Clerk having laid a Sta& of the Company’s 44 same in the Cause of this Company, against Jambs Toff, u before this Committee, and some Proofs appearing H necessary to be enquired into before it is* adirifeble cd u proceed to Trial in the said; Cause, it is abd was'Ordeted M by this Commitcc, That the Notice of Trial givett irt " the said Cause be countermanded; and the Clerk was dirtffted to countermand the same actbrdirigfy.

tr At a Quarterly Court, held at the Dog\ Tavern, 41 Gray lick-hill, London, on the 24th day of* June 44 1752.

Ordered, That tfrilliam Flawn, oftht Vinegar piQ/de, 44 near Hog Lane, Victualler, be summoned 00 the Court of Conscience, for Payment of his Quarterage, due to u this Company, from Midsummer 174$, to this Day, 44 being Midsummer 1752, after regular Demand thereof made by the Clerk; who is hereby directed to ckmand Ht the same accordingly."

And to shew that the Company have admitted several Petfons, who had not served an Apprenticeship to the said Trade, contrary to One of their own By-laws, Voi.. 26.

ffcirera! Entries in the Chnipa^y^ feoo)ci WCri( it kd;, F whCreby ft appfa^ed, several Petfood Were aa(fittedf,&nilterl* upon its being alleged that they* li^d\eJcfcfbifed die ' Trade:

And that on 27th August ^$4; Norite was ordered;-by the Company to be given in the Ndltingbant Joiirhalf and ocher publick Papers, that all a'rtd evefy the Jour«^ rieymen belonging to the Trade should be admitted ujion* paying the Sum of Five Shillings; so as fofch Jbdrnfc^rnen took lip their Freedom within Three Courts; to be held by the Company’s Deputies; ftftet such Notice.

tJp on the Eetitiop from the Cotters and Manufacturer* in London and Westminsterj the following Evidence* was produced

.To.shew th&t the Coifopany fi&frcdndeavdtfreff t6' introduce and establish a Monopoly.of thi‘

Trade, the following Entries from the Company^ Efooks were* read;viz.

c< At a general Court of AssistanVs; held Jitni' yth

1720, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon*

Ordered, That a Joint Stock of Two MiflioBi be %t raised by Subscriptiorf, by the Members of *his Cob-u pany, and others; for the carryings on the Trade of €< making Silk and Worsted Stockings, and other Goods,

<c in Frame*, to the utmost Extent and Advantage of th£ u Traders in general, and of the Company in particular.

<€ Otdered, That: che Books belaid open, for the taking 14 such subscriptions at the Hall on' Wednesday the .15tit u Day of rhis Instant Juneat Ten of the Clock in the Tprenbon, and toco nr in ue till Two; and that each Sub-4C ferib^r pay Five, and Twenty Shillings for each thou- fartd Pourtd by him subscribCd, towards the Proje^Cliott.

<c and Charges, intb the Hanfeof the Renter Warded of n the Compaiiy-, to be by hiih jbaki into the Bfrrtk. ' ".Ordered, That ho Person'be admitted to fiibfcribd <c for left than-One th6band Pounds,^ffdrrimtrtliah Ted thousand Pounds. -

Ordered, That the proper Teffimbrtials fot the Mo-.

44 neydeposited be prepared and finned b^ the^ Clerk of the Company; for. each of which he is to take Six Pence. 1:; '

44 OixJejed; That Mr. William 'Roekllngt^i havfe 'Li- berty to make a Subscriprion, for wharSdlri' he diirtki fit, not exceeding Ten thousand Poundsr without pay^- ing any Depofic Money for the fame.

Ordered, That the-Master and Wardens, Captairt Whiteband, Captain- William Portress, Mr. ffart? Mfl Edgloy, and Mr. Brandreth, or any I’hree of them, be 44 a Committee, ta mdetMr. Pocklington, in order to ad- just any thing which may occur before the Tithe' of taking the Subscriptions.

44 At a Court held'Job* the 14th, 1720.

44 Upon Debate of the Matter about the Company

44 taking Subscriptions, it was agreed, by Majority of Hands, that there should be a Subscriprion made and taken for raisirtg'a Sum of Two Millions of Monies,

44 Pounds Sterling; upon the Terms now read; which is to be inserted in the Preamble of the Subscripcions in the Subscriprion Book.

44 At a Court held June the 15th 1710.

44 The Court rtfolvtd that-2,6do,600l. be refolded _44 out of the Capital Stock, not to be subscribed for’thfs Day, as the Court, and Mr. ' iliatl think fle

44 amd direct.

44 Resolved, That the rest of the Capital Stock be no

44 subscribed for by the Court of Assistants, Mr. William Pocklington, and Clerk, in equal Proportions.

44 At a Court held June the x8th, 1720.

Ordered, That the Capital Stock, yet remainingun*

44 divided, be divided among the Court of Afliftanrs, and 4 Mr* Pocklington, in equal Proportions, without payii%

9 O 44 any

Frame-work

Knitters.

jM; Ap. A. 1553.,

/* any Pe^ofit Money for the (kmc;.that the Receipts /^be,<k)ivered out in the Names of such Persons as they " 0iail respc<5lively nominate.

" At a general Court, held June the 20th, 1720.

Ordered, That Mr. PockUngton be prefenred with "$t2po Guineas,-out of the Subscription Money, for his " Trouble and , Invention of this new Subscription for a.

Joint Stpcjk of, a publick Trade.

- " Ordered that Mr, Warden Austin be presented with a Piece of Plate, of TflU Guineas Price, for his cxtraordinary Trouble in tl^s Affair.

Ordered, That every Warehouse Man that belongs to* the1 Court 6f Affiffants shall bring in his Goods, and n bt paid for the fame* sis the CcsUtt shall think fic.

Ordered, That the Ten thousand' Pounds, now in \V Hand> shall be disposed of for the Benefit of this Com-f5«ipahy. . -' 1 '

'At a general Coqrt of Assistants* held this 2d Day " of August'1720, at Three of the Clock in the cc Afternoon."-’-

" Wheleas/irt Pursuance of an Order of the’Court of J Affifta'ntS, held the 7th Day of June last, Subscriptions *c: have been taken from divers Persons, for raising a Joint . Stock for the- Company, on the Trade of making of " Silk and Worsted Stockings, and other Goods, in Frames; and 31 Persons have been chosen by the major ".Part of the Subscribers,' at a general Meeting held for

V that Purpose, as Directors for the managing and carryfog on the said Stock and Trade; and a Draught of " Articles for that Purpose, between the said Company " and the Subscribers, hadi been drawn, perused; and settled by Goanfel; which hath been-read by this Court. c< Now we the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the

V said Company, iiow prefenc at the Reading of the said " Draught, do hereby declare our Approbation thereof, *?.ikrid Coufent thereto; and do order and direst that the i^feid Praughti be rngrossed; and that the Seal of this " Company be affixed thereto by thevMaster and War-

xjens of the said rCompany. Given under our Hands

V (his Second Day of August 1720*

‘" At a Committee, August the* 12th, 1720.

V It is their opinion, fhat the Company’s Charter/or " a Copy thejeof,.or an Extract, with the Articles of " Agreement between the Company and the Subscribers,

" be laid before Mr. Lutwich, and Mr. Serjeant Darnell,

H for their Opinions on them; with the Queries fol-‘‘ lowing; viz. The said Company having taken Sub*

" feriptions from several Persons, to carry on the said " Trade or Manufacture before the 24th of June.

I; Qi. W hether they may. proceed to carry on the " Trade and Manufacture, according to their Charter, and " the Articles of Agreement made between the Company " and the Subscribers, and not subject themselves to any

V of the Penalties in the late Act of Parliament?

; " 2(^ Whether a Person, chosen a Director, and " not being a Member of that Company, may act as a " Director for carrying on the Trade ? Or, If he cannot " as a Director, upon his being made a foreign Brother of the said. Company, though the said Director be free " of another Company

" 3- Ql Whether the said Company, and Subscribers, c< may, by their Court of Directors, call in such Sums of <<c Money upon the said Subscriptions, for carrying on the " said Trade and Manufacture, as they shall judge neccssary and convenient.

" Which being read, it was unanimously ordered by " this Committec/That the said Queries be accordingly " carried to the CounfclTor their Opinion upon the fame.

" At a Sub-committee, held September the 8th 1721, " at the King's Arms Tavern, Saint Paul's Church " Yard.

" And it is also the Opinion of this Committee* That it be recommended to the general Committee, that some

c< Directions shall be given touching the Monies raifpdby Subscriptions, that has been laid out in Sword Blade " Bonds. { ,

" And it is also the Opinion of this Committee, That " the Joint Trade at First deiigned shall be carried on by " such means as may be done with Safety.

tc At a Sub-committee, held at the Queen's Arms'ta " vern, in Newgate-street, London September 2idh " 1721. , '

" It is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Scr*>» " jeanc Darnell, be again attended by the Committee, on " any Three of them, to have his opfoing as to the issuing* " of Bills of Credit, or any thing elle in relation to the* " Safety of the Company, in carrying on the Trade with* " a Joint Stock. ,;

" At'a Meeting of some of the Committee, cLueJdety " / ' / 31st Goober 17 21.

A Meeting being appointed this day with the Pro* " prietors, and there being only Three Persons present,they, nevertheless, fefolved to hear what Opinions the " Proprietors Had taken from Courifelj in Relacion to the " Undertaking for carrying on the Trade with a Joint " Stock; and the Proprietors delivered in a Copy of the " Counters Opinion; which was, That the Company " could not proceed with Safety upon the Foot they now " are; the Proprietors, and the Members of the Committee now present, were of Opinion to make Application for an Act of Parliament, to enable them to " carry on the Undertaking with Effect.

" At a General Committee, held December the 4th, " 1721, at the Queeh's Arms Tavern, in Newgate " Street, London.

c< It is the Opinion of this Comnhittee, That they, " shall proceed to tarry on the Trade with a Joint Stock, " according to their first Undertaking, so far as they cag " do it with Safety.

" It is also the Opinion of this Committee, That they " make Application for an Act of Parliament, to enablq " thcrh; to carry on the Undertaking with Effect«,>

It appears, by an Entry of 12th December 1721, That the whole: Sum subscribed amounted to 1,890/.

And on the 19th January 1721, an Order was made for calling in 18 Receipts, which were formerly given by several Committees, to several Persons, who were at first Chief Managers for settling the Affairs of the Joint Stock and Trade; for which they were not to pay any Deposit Monies; and by which each of the said Persons were to be intitled to 1,000l. of the said Joint Stock.

And Mr. William Woolley said. That he had heard that in the Year 1721, the Company attempted to raise 2,000,000l. in order to ingross all the Bufincfc; and it was so far carried into Execution, that a considerable Sum of Money was raised; and that the Witness had a Present made him of a Receipt, which was for i,oooo/. Stock; which he fold in Change Alley for x 5 Guineas.

" At a Comipittee, held the 8th of May 1730, for " adjusting Mr. Austin's Accounts, as Treasurer of " the Joint Stock belonging to this Company, and " others,

" It was resolved and declared to be the Opinion of this Committee, That the Scheme or Invention for raising " the said Joint Stock of Two Millions Sterling, and carryingon a publick Trade therewith, was at first founded " on the Charter and Constitution of this Company, and " was designed for the Advantage of this Company in "particular; and that therefore such Part of the Monies " raised thereby, as now remains in the Hands of Mr. " Richard Austin, upon Balance of his Accounts, as Treasurer of the said Joint Stock, doth belong to this Com-u pany, and others and ought to be accounted for, and " applied by him fotnheir Use."

12 And

26 Geo. II. ip° A 787

And to shew the great Increase and State of the Manufacture for several Years part,

Mr. William Woolley, Mr. Samuel Handley, Mr. Wil-

liam Davey, Mr. John Hook bam, and Mr. "Timothy Hem-all of the City of London, and considerable Dealers in the aforesaid Manufactures, and who employ great Numbers of Manufacturers in different Parts of England were examined; and by whose Evidence it appeared to your Committee,

That the said Manufactory had, from the Year 1730, greatly increased, both in the Consumption at home, and in the Quantities exported; and that, at present, there is a want of Hands to carry on the same:

That from 1720, to 1730, when the company were in a more flourishing Condition, and when more Trade centered in their Hands, than at present, worfc Goods were iu general made than at this time; and One of the Wicnesses said, that, the more any Trade is laid open, the better it is for that Trade, and for the Nation in general: That it would be a great Disadvantage ter the Manufacturers, if Persons, who are not free of the Company, were not frittered to let out Frames, as there are several Persons who keep Frames constantly to let by the Year: That several of the present By-laws are prejudicial to the Manufacturers 5 and that the Company acting under them are so far from being an Advantage to the Trade, that it is a Burthen and Incumbrance to it: that Frauds are committed in the Marking of Hose, as well byPeribns free of the Company, as by those who are not free; and that Regulations, under proper Persons, might be of Advantage to Trade, if it could be done without putting a Burthen upon the Manufacture; but that the laying any Burthen upon the Manufacture would over-balance the Regulations.

Upon the Petition of the Manufacturers of Leicester, Mr. Richard Garle said, he is a Manufacturer of Stockings at Leicester; and that the Trade has greatly increased there within these 20 Years, and if they had more Hands, they might have employment: That he had fecn the Company’s By-laws, in Print, and apprthended them to be injurious to Trade:

That he did not think it necessary, that a Person should serve Seven Years Apprenriccship to learn the Trade: That the Witness had 100 Frames at present; and apprehended, if he could not let them to Hire without being free of the Company, it would be a great Injury to him; and that, by a printed Table of Fees, he had seen the Fee for Admittance is 15 Shillings, and he had been told so by several People.

And, being croL-examineJ, he said. That the Company had never exerc;fcd any Juriiuiction at Leicester these 20 Years; and tin: he knew nothing of the Company, or their Powers, but by report.

Then the following Entries in die Company’s Minute Book were read; ziz.

44 At a General Court of Assistants, held the 10th Day " of May 1727, at 3 o’clock in the Afternoon.

41 Ir is ordered by this Court, That Thomas Gregory, of €< the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, " who had ierved as an Apprentice co the Art or Mistery of Frame-work knitting, by the Space of Sev rt Years, " and does now ufc the said Art, and the said Art has c< used for more than Six Months, be summoned perlcn- ally to appear before the Matter, 'Wardens, and Affittants, of this Society, at this Company's Hall, in " Red Crc/s Street, in the parish of Saint Giles, without Cripp/egate, London, on the 6th day of June next, be-* tween the Hours of Ten before Noon, and Two in the Afternoon, of the same Day; then and there to be sworn, entered, and admitted, a free Member of this <c Society, according to the Directions of die Charter in- corporating, and the Law s and Ordinances of this So* 44 ciety, or shew just or reasonable Cause to the contrary; 44 at which Place, and on which Day last mentioned, be- twixtthe Hours aforesaid, the Master, Wardens, and € Assistants, of this Society, will be assembled on their VOL. 26.

r Part, to tra«fit& the said Mature, and for negbdating Prame-wort 1 the Affairs to this Society appertaining: knitters.

" At a Court held June the 6:h 1727.

4C Mr. Foster Attorney having sent a Letter to the ‘ Master, dated the?05th of May 1727, that the Sum- mons was served for Gregory's Appearance at the Hall ‘ the next Court Day, to rake up his Admittance; the said Thomas Gregory was accordingly called by the Beadle, to come into Court to take up his Admit- tance; but did not appear.

Ordered, That the Clerk writes to Mr. Foster, to 14 proceed at Law against Thomas Gregory, as he shall " (think fit."

And to shew how desirous the Company has been to increase the Number of their Members, an Entry was read from their Minute Book.

" At a Court of Assistants, held at The White 4i Hart Tavern* without Bishopsgate, on Tuesday " the 5th Day aiOctober, 1742.

" The Court taking into their Consideration, that It " will be for the Interest of the Company, to increase " the Number of their Members; and, in order to en-" courage Persons to recommend Purchasers of their " Freedoms to be admitted into this Company, doth " hereby agree, and order, that, if any Person shall recommend a Purchaser as aforesaid, such Person, so te-41 commending, shall be presented with the Sum of One Guinea."

And in Support of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Frame-work Knitters, and also of the Petitions of the several Manufacturers of the Town and County of Nottingham, in behalf of the said Company;

The Agent produced to your Committee the rough Copy of the present By-laws, signed by the Two present Lords Chief Justices, and corrected by the Lord Chief Justice Willes in several Places; and also the fair Copy of those By-laws, signed by the Lord Chancellor and Two Lords Chief Justices.

And alfa an Act of the 7th of William the 3d; whereby it is enacted, "That all and every Person and " Persons whatsoever, which, from and after the Fiftl Day " of May, shall buy, fell, dispose of, , or. remdvc from Place to Place, any such Frame or Engine, or any " Parts or Parcels thereof, shall, within Two Mcfriths cc next after such Disposal or Removal thereof, give Notice, in Writing, to the Matter and Wardens of-thfe Company of Frame-work Knitters within the City of London, or co cheir lawful Deputy or Deputies, for the Time being, some or One of them, to whom and " what Place the same were so fold,disposed, or removed;

" to the end that an Account may. be taken by the said Matter and Wardens, or their Deputy or Deputies " thereof; upon pain, that every Person or Persons of- fending herein shall forfeit and pay, for every such " Offence, to the Uses aforesaid, the sum of 5/. of like " Money, to be recovered as aforesaid."

Then to shew the general Behaviour of the Company,

Mr. Matthews was examined; and said. He had been Clerk to the Company from 1728 to 1742: That during that tim^h? never knew the Company guilty of One hard Act, buHjfe contrary:

That,*perhaps, in that Period, 8 or 10 Actions might be brought, but not above One tried; the rest were discontinued, either on Submission of the Party, or on account of their Poverty.

Being asked, if the Company had ever took any Measures to improve the trade? He said, That, in London, they used to go to examine Work', and to detcCl frauds: and that, he believed, they had done it in the Country § for that he had been with the Company, as Clerk, at Godalming, and had attended them in their Searches; and that they there bound Apprentices and made Freemen, and visited the Workmen and examined their Work.

And he said, he apprehended, it was owing to the Company's

Framework

Knitter*.

788 *9° Aprilis* A. 175 V.

party's inspecting Goods, that made Persons cautious what Goods they manufactured: Thac he had seen them examine Proof Pieces before the Persons were admitted; but that no bad Goods were ever produced before them.

And being asked, if he did not remember Persons summoned, from distant Parts, to attend the Company in London? He said he did not.

Then to shew the Motives for the Company’s appointing Deputies at Nottingham, and their Conduct there;

Mt. James Holland and Mr. Viliters laid. That the Company’s Motives for making Deputies at Nottingham were the Good of the Trade, and at thet Desire of a Majority of the Trade, at a great Meeting in the Country; at which Meeting the Wicnesses were present.

And being asked, why the Manufacturers applied for a Court there ? They said, because they thought it would be for the Benefit of Trade; and that the Gentlemen, at the Meetings, behaved with great Candour, and no Threats were used to any present: And Mr. Villiers,being alkcd in what manner the Employers and Mailers were called together at the said Meeting, laid, that publick Notice was not given of such Meeting; but that the Persons, who met, assembled upon private Invitation; and thac there were Objections made to the 14th By-law, and the Deputies proposed to alter such By-laws as the Trade thought ufeltfs.

Being cross examined, he said, That, 15 Months ago, he was an Opponent of the Company, because he had heard that they rellrained the Trade; but upon considering the thing maturely, he found the Arguments made Use of against the Company to be falsely grounded; for that the Company V Rules rather tended to increase, than restrain the Trade:

Tha«, with regard to the 14th By-law, the Witness is of the same Qpiniori he always Was^ that it is a bad one; and that, in general, he did not fee much Complaint to be. roaide against any of the others.

Then to shew thac the Company had been desirous of applying to Parliament for a Regulation in their Trade, the following Entry, out of one of their Minute Books, was read; viz.

" At a General Court of Assistants, held the 39th <# o i OShber 1728.

<c This Court refolded to shin with the several Members of the Trade at Nottingham, and those Parcs, in a f< Petition or Addrefeto the Parliament (as they shall be " advised) for obtaining an Act of Parliament against Journeymen and Workmen embezzling and Idling c< Goods; and for puni thing Offenders, and redressing u other Grievances in the Trade."

: And a Copy of a Letter from a Book of the Company's, intituled, " Letter Book," was also read.

" London, January 27 th, 172/.

€i Mr. Deputy Spray,

" Sir,

<c The Mailer and Wardens ordered me to acquaint 4i you, that all the Gentlemen of the Court of Assistants u have unanimously agreed to petition the Honourable u House of Commons this Session of Parliament, thac a they would be pleased to give Leave a Bill may be c< brought in, for the better Execution of the Powers u granted by the Charter, and Regulation of Abuses #€ committed in the Trade, by making bad and unmer-w chancable Goods, &c.

i€ And, Sir, I am likewise ordered to acquaint you, that K yourfdf and the other Gentlemen Deputies, are deflred, u with all Expedition, to use your utmost Endeavours of " assisting the Company in this Affair and accordingly " to draw up an Instrument, in writing, for the same " Purpose, to be signed by yourselves, and all Members of the Trade in your Jurisdiction; and that you set " forth, in such manner as you Gentlemen shall think 4< most proper, the many Hard ships the whole Trade labours under for want of a due Regulation j and that

you would pfeafe to dause such Writing immediately ct to be sent up to the Master, Wardens, &V.

" I am; Sir,

il Your humble Servant, c< For Mr. Samuel Sprtiy, " John Thurlly.

" at Nottingham."

And Nine other Letters to the Maniifadturers in different Parts of the Country were read to your Committee, containing in Substance the same as the last-mencioned Letter.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Con*-mittcc, That the several Persons employed in the Business of Frame-work knitting, in the Town of Nottingham, who have petitioned against the Proceedings of the Conv-pany of Frame-work Knitters, have fully proved thfe Allegations of their Petition.

2. Resolved, Thac it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thac the Persons employed in the Trade and Bu-finess of Frame-work knitting, in the Towns and Parishei of Godalming, Guildford, Whitley, Thur/Iey, Hambleton, Compton, and other Places, in the County of Surry, who have petitioned against the Proceedings of the Company of Frame-work Knitters, have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

3. Rcfohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thac the By-laws of the Company of the Framework Knitters, incorporated by a Charter bearing Date the 19th Day of August, in the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, are injurious and vexatious to the Manufacturers, and tend to the Discouragement of Industry, and to the Decay of the said Manufacture.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That many of the said By-laws are illegal, and contrary to the Liberty of the Subjedh

. Refiifoed^ That it is- the Opinion of this Committee, Thac the Powers granted by the said Charter are htirtful to the Trade, and tend to a Monopoly.

6. Resolved, That it is. the Opinion of this Committee, That the carrying on vexatious Ftofecvrtions against any Persons, Male 6r Female, for exercising the Arc and Mistery of Frame-work knitting, is hurtfid to the Manufacture, and destructive to the Trade of this Kingdom.

Appendix, N°. I.

An Abstract of die Orders, Rules, and Ordinances, of the Company of Frame-work Knitters, made by tire Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Company, cn the Twenty-second Day of May 1745’, and confirmed, pursuant to of Parliament, by the Right Honourable Philip Lord Hardwicke, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Sir William Lee Knight, Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, and Sir John Willes Knight, Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of Common Fleas*

1. The Election The Court of Assistants shall yearly,

of Master and on Midsummer Day (if it be not Sun-Wardens. day, and if it be, then the Day follow-

ing) chuse out of the Assistants, One Master and Two Wardens fur the Year ensuing.

2* The Election The said Court, at the same time, to of Auditors* chuse Three Persons out of the Affistants, to audit the Master and Wardens Accounts.

3. To chuse 0- The said Court may chuse others thers in the Place to serve in the Place of Master or of Master and Wardens dying, or being displaced, Wardens* in case within the Year, for the remaining of Death or Re- Part of the Year.

movaL

4. For swearing The Master and Wardens cleft

the Master and shall, on the Day of Election, or Wardens, within One Week after, b$ sworn inti

their Offices.

5. The

Geo. II.

» I

196 'Aprils.

789

5. The Election The Court of Ashstants (halt, as often of Assistants* as they think fit, admit such Members as are free of the City, and of the Livery, to be of the Assistants; and every Person so admitted, and refusing to accept thereof (not having a reasonable Excuse) to forfeit 10/.

*6. TheEle&ion The said Court may admit into the of the Livery men* Livery so many Members of the Company as they shall think meet; and every Person so admitted, refusing to come into the Clothing (hot having a reasonable Impediment, to be allowed by the Lord Mayor of London, or One of the Aldermen of the said City) to forfeit 20/.

7. The Choice The said Court may elect Two or of Deputies# more Members to be their Deputies,

within such Distance from their Habitations as in their Deputations shall be limited, to rule and govern all Persons exercising the Trade of Frame-work knitting, according 10 the Powers granted by the Charter, in the same manner the Master, Wardens, and Affistants, may do by virtue of the Charter.

8. The Choice The said Court may yearly, on the

of Stewards for Second Tuesday in dpril, cleft Two Midsummer Members, residing within 40 Miles of Day. London, to be Stewards on Midsummer

Day; and on that Day to provide a Dinner for the Master, Wardens, and Assistants; and every Person, so elected, and refusing to serve, or, having undertaken so to do, shall afterwards neeleft it, shall forfeit 6 /.

The said Court may elect Three

9. The Choice of Stewards for the Lord Mayor’s Day.

10. The Choice 6f Clerk.

11. The Choice of Beadle.

12. The Com-pjny to have a Chest withThrce Locks.

13. For keeping of Quarterly Courts, and Courts of Assistants.

14. For making the Search.

Vol. 26.

Members to be Stewards on Lord Mayor’s Day, to provide a Dinner for the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Livery 5 and every Person, so elected, and refusing to serve, shall forfeit 10/.

The said Court shall chuse One Person to be Clerk of the Company; and, upon just Occasion, may displace him.

The said Court shall chuse One Person, being a Member, and exercising the said Art, to be a Beadle; and, upon just Occasion, may remove him.

To be kept by the Master and Wardens, for the Custody of the Treasure of the Company, to be opened in the Presence of each other.

Four Quarterly Courts to be kept every Year, for all Members that will be present to hear the Ordinances read; viz. on the Second Tuesday in October, the Second Tuesday in January, the Second Tuesday in April, and on the 24th of June (if it be not Sunday, and, if it be, then on the Monday following.)

The Court of Assistants to assemble as often as the Master and Wardens shall fee Occasion to cranfaft the common Affairs of the Company; and every Member summoned to appear at such Courts of Assistants to answer any Complaint, and neglectingfo to do (no Impediment hindering) shall pay, for the First Default, is. for the Second Default 2s. 6d. and for every other Default 5 s.

It shall be lawful for the Master and W'ardcns, or any Two of them, with Two or more Assistants, and also for their sworn Deputies, Four times in every Year, or oftener, in the Presence of a Constable, or other Officer, to en*

15. Against hiring Frames of Strangers.

16. Against teaching the Trade to any but Apprentices.

17. No Person to take an Apprentice, until he hath his Master-Piece approved.

18. No Person to exercise the Trade without being free of the said Company.

19. Against employing of Foreigners.

20. Touching the presenting and binding Apprentices,

21. Turning over Apprentices.

22.

ter into all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Frame.work Csfo where any Frame or Frame-work K‘amcr5, knitting is used, to view, search, and prove, all such Frames, Warcs,or Work-manship, whether the same be artificially made, and of good Stuff and Materials; and if they shall find any Frames,

Wares, i$c. insufficiently wrought, and of bad Stuff, shall seize, and produce the same at the Hall or Meeting Place, of the Company, on their nexe Court Day, to be fined at the Discretion of the Court, not exceeding 10 s. for One Fault: Every Person obstructing the Master, Wardens, fcfr. in such Search, to pay 5 /. Lawful for the Master,

Wardens, £s?e. to demand of every Person, whose House they Search, 4 d. and refusing to pay, to forfeit 3/. 4 d. for every Offence.

No Member shall hire Frames of any but such as are Members, upon pain of paying 12 d. a Week for every Frame.

No Member shall teach and instruft any Person in the Trade of Frame-work knitting, other than his Male Child or Children, Apprentice or Apprentices, bound according to the Ordinances of this Company, upon pain of 50/. for every Offence,

No Member shall retain any Apprentice, until, for Trial of his Skill, he shall have wrought, in the Presence of the Master and Wardens, or some Person appointed by them, a Pair of Silk Stockings, 6f$. and upon finishing thereof (if approved) he shall be allowed a Workhouse-keeper, upon pain of 5/.

No Person shall exercise the Trade of Frame-work knitting, unless he hath fervea Seven Years Apprentieeship to the said Trade, and shall first be admitted a Member of this Company 1 and neglecting to be admitted, in Three Months after Notice, to pay 30 s. for every negiect.

No Member shall take any Alien or Foreigner to be employed in the Trade, upon pain of 10/. for every Offence.

Every Member residing within 40 Miles of London, who shall be minded to take an Apprentice, shall present him within One Month to the Master and Wardens, at the Hall or ufua! Place of Meeting, and, at a greater Distance, to their Deputies; and (if approved by them) to be forthwith bound by the Clerk of the Company, on pain of 401. for every Offence; and if any Member, free of the City of London, shall cause any intended Apprentice to be bound to any Freeman of any other Company, he shall forfeit 5 /.

No Member shall turn over his own, or receive the Apprentice of any other, without Licence of the Master and Wardens, upon pain of 40s. for every Offence.

No Journeyman to depart his Service without a Month’s Warning (except for Non-payment of Wages, or by mutual Agreement): And no Master to turn away such Journeyman, without the like Warning, and paying him what shall be due to him, upon pain

5 /.

9 P 23. No

790

19" Ap rills.

j. i?5$!

Fra me-work Knitters*

24-

*5-

26. For Payment of Quarterage.

No journeyman to work with any but such as are Members of the Company, upon pain of 20 s.

No Mailer to set any to work but such as are Members (except his Male Child, Children, Apprentice or Apprentices, bound according to the Ordinances of the Company) upon pain of 5 /.

Mailer and Wardens, within Forty Days alter the Election of new Mailer and Wardens, to bring in their Accounts to the Auditors

The Mailer and Wardens, or any: Person appointed ,by them, to receive of every Member, using the Trade as a Mailer, 6 d. per Quarter; and from every Journeyman of the said Trade S d. per Quarter. — And from all Members, not of the Trade, 6 d. per Quarter. And every Member fefufing to pay the same (when demanded) to forfeit 6 s. 8 d. for every Refusal.

27. Every Member to contribute pro-

portionably to the necessary Expencea of the Company, upon pain of paying double what they shall be rated for that Purpose.

28 Forinrolling Every Member, free of the City of of Apprentices. London, that shall negied to inrol his Apprentice before the Chamberlain, within One Year after the Binding, shall pay 20J.

2.9. Widows (upon being admitted Mem-

bers) may exercise the Trade during their Widowhood.

30. For mode- Court of Assistants may moderate, or rating Penalties, wholly remit, any Penalties incurred for Breach of any of these Ordinances* provided such Person do, without Suit at Daw, pay such Sum as after such Moderation shall remain due.

31 . For Recovery All Fines and Penalties to be sued of Fines. . for in the Name of the Company, by

Action of Debt, or otherwise, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record*

A TABLE of Fees.and Fines directed to be paid by the aforesaid Ordinances.

For every Person at his First Admittance - -

Scamps -

Upon the Allowance of every Workhouse keeper, for his Proof-Piece - - -: - -

For every Apprentice bound - -

- i Stamps -

And more, if the Master is a Freeman of London, to the Orphans,; 2 s 6 d. .

For-the turning over art Apprentice -

For the Stewards Fine for fvlidfummr Day -

Ditto----- for Lord Mayor’s Day -

For the Liv?ry Fine ' -

For ^he A Sid ants Fine -

For-every Person defied an Auditor, and hot serving - For every Person defied Master or Warden, and not ierving

Company. Clerk. Beadle. Total.

O O 10 % 0} °i O 2 0 O I 0 O »5 O

O 10 0 0 % 0 O I 0 O *3 O

O Q 0 3 0} °J O 2 0 0 X 0 O 9

\ P

0 6 2 0 0 0 0 O I 5 c 0 O O 0 a 6 6 O 3 7 i 6

10 0 0 0 S 0 O % 6 XO 7' 6

10 0 0 0 10 0 0 S 0 IO «S 0

10 0 0 0 ro 0 O 5 0: l>° *5 Q

I 0 0 1 O; 0

5 0 0 s O 0

The Oath of every Freeman of the Company of Framework Knitters, at his first Admittance.

You do sincerely promise and swear, That you will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord, King George, his Heirs and S.ucce(fors. You shall be true to the Ftllowship of Frame-work Knitters, wjicre-unto you are now admitted. You shall not do ai^y thing to the Difidvancage of the said Ar.t or Mistery, nor use any Fraud in the Manu failure of Frame-work knitting. You lhu!l nor ciifcovrr the lawful Counsels of this Fraternity, which you ought to keep secret. You shall be con-tributary to all Manner of Charges, in and about the publick Weal of the said Society, to your Power. Youshall obey, keep, and perform, all the Acts and Ordinances made, and co be made, for the good Order of the said Arc and Mistery. These Points, and all other good Rules, You shall maintain to your Power.

So help you God,

Appendix, N°. 2.

- . 7. Of the Choice of Deputies.

Be jt ordained by the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Company, that the said Master, Wardens, and AflUlants,:6r the greater Parcof them (whereof the Master and One of the Wardens, for the Time being, to be always Two) shall,;from rime to time, chulc and elefl Two or more of the said Society, being Freemen thereof to be their Deputies; who shall have Power and Authority, by . Wviting- urider the Common Seal of the said Company* to make Tearch, in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer, in*idi and every Place or

Places, within his Majesty’s Kingdom of England and Dominion of IVa.'es, whereunto they shall be deputed; and to perform and do, on the behalf of the said Company, all such Matters and Things, and in such Manner, as by such Writing or Deputation shall be unto then: limired and appointed, according to the Charter and Ordinances of the said Company, and noc contrary to Law 5 and all such Person or Perfops, using the said Art, which shall obstrtift, moled, or hinder* the said Deputies, in the lawful Execution of his or their said Deputation, or do any riling contrary thereunto, shall forfeit and pay unto the said Master and Wardens, or their said Deputies, to and for the Use of the said Company, for every such his or their Obstruction, Moleftacion, or Hindrance, of the said Deputies as aforesaid, the Sum of Six Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain: And further, That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or the greater Parc of them, assembled, shall, by Writing under their Common Seal, substitute, create, and make. Two or more of the said Society to be their Deputies in remote Parts and Places; and such Deputies shall have full Power and Authority, in such Place and Places, and within such Com? pass and Distance of Place from their several and respectivo Habitations, as in their Deputations shall be limited, to rule, order, and govern, ail and every Person and Per? Tons using and exercising the said Art or Mystery offrame-j work knitting, according to the Powers, Orders, Rules* and Constitutions, by the King’s Majesty’s Charter granted, and according to such lawful and reasonable By*» laws, Orders, and Ordinances, as shall, from time to time; be made, ordained, and consticuted, by the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Society, for the xq Tim*

26 Geo. II. 190 Aprilis. 79 i

Time being, or the greater Part of them, for the better Rule and Government of the said Society, in as ample Manner and Form, to all Intents, ConstruClions, and Purposes, as the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Society,can or may do by virtue of the said Charter. Provided neverchclcfs, and it is hereby further ordained, That the said Deputy or Deputies, so created, made, and constituted, as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, under his or their Hand or Hands (when and as often as they shall be required thereunto) render to the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Society, for the Time being, a true, just, and perfect Account of all their An ions and Proceedings in the Premiles; and if any Forfeitures shall be by them received, and any Profits and Advantages, after legal Conviction and Condemnation, or any Sum or Sums of Money received, and ordered hereby to be paid for the Use and Benefit of the said Society, that then the said Deputy or Deputies shall (when they shall be thereunto required) make just Returns and Payments of such Profits and Advantages, Sum and Sums of Money, to the Matter, Wardens, and Affittants, of the said Society, for the Time being. Provided ailo, That such Deputation* shall have Continuance duting the Will and Pleasure of the Matter, Wardens, and Aififtanrs, of the said Society, for the Time being, or the greater Part of them, assemblui, and no longer.

8* Of the Choice of Stewards for Midsummer Day.

Be it ordained. That the Matter, Wardens, and Affistants, of the said Company, or the greater Part of them (whereof the Matter and One of the Wardens, for the time being, ftndi be Two) shall yeariv, and every Year, on the Second Tuefiay in the Month of.. Jpril 1being One of the Four QuailcrJy Court Days appointed to be held for the said Company) nominate, eiecr, and chule, Two Personj, being Members of the said Company, but noc Freemen of the City of London, and who have not before served that Office, or fined for the lame, and who refine within Forty Miles of the City of London, to be Stewards; who shall, on the Fcaft Day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, then next following (beiru the Day of Election of Matter, Wardens, and other Officers, of the said Company) if it be not Sunday, or, if it be Sunday, then on the Day next following, at their own proper and mutual Costs and Charges, make and provide a Dinner or Entertainment for the Matter, \\ aidens, and Assistants, of the said Company (not exceeding Twelve Pounds in the whole, for eating and drinking) agreeable and according to such Bill of Fare or Provision as shall be delivered to them by the Order of the Malicr and Wardens of the said Company, for the Time bcirtg, at lead Twenty Da\ s next before the said Fealt Day of Saint John the Baptist; and every Perfcm, lo elected Steward, shall pay to the Clerk of the said Company, for h'is Trouble therein, the Sum of Six Shillings, and ro the Beadle Two Shillings and Six Pence; upon pain, that every Person who load negicCt or refuse to accept of the said Office, or ro pay One Half Parc of such Dinner or Entertainment, or Six Pounds in lieu thereof, or, having undertaken t«> jn.»ke such Ente/unmen;, lfiall neglect lo to do, (Lai! forfeit and pay to the Matter and Y\ ardcns of the said Company, fur the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of Six Pounds of lawful A loncy of Ur oaf Lritain.

9. Of the Choice of Stewards for Lord M iyor’s Day.

Be it also ordained, That the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Art or Miltery, or the greater Part Of them, shall yearly, and every Year, on the Feast Day of Saint John the Baptist, or cri the nexc Day after, if the same shall happen on Sunday, being the Day appointed for *.the Election of Master and Wardens, and other Officers, of the said Company, nominate, elect, and chuse, out of the Livery of the said Company, or out of other the Members of the said Company (being Freemen of the City of London) Three Per Ion*, who have noc before You

served that Office, or fined for the fame, to be Stewards ^rime-work of the Lord Mayor’s Day* who on the Lord Mayor’s Knitters, Day following (being the Day on which the new Lord Mayor of the City of London enters on his Office) at their own proper and mutual Costs and Charges, shall make and provide a Dinner or Entertainment (not exceeding Twenty-one Pounds in the whole for eating and drinking) for the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Livery, of the said Company, agreeable and according to such Bill of Fare or Provision as shall be delivered to them by Order of the Mailer and Wardens of the said Company, for the Time being, at lead Ten Days before such Lord Mayor’s Day; and every Person, so elected Steward, shall pay to the Clerk of the said Company, for hisTruoble therein, the Sum of Five Shillings, and to the Beadle Two Shillings and Six Pence; upon pain, that every Person who Avail negicCt or refuse to accept of the said Office, or to pay the One-third Part of such Dinner or Entercainment, or Seven Pounds in lieu thereof, or, having undertaken to make such Entercainment, shall neglect so to do, shall forfeit and pay unto the Master and Wardens of the Company, for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

14. An Ordinance for making the Search.

Be it ordained, That the Master and Wardens of the said Company of Frame-work Knitters, for the Time being, or any Two of them, together with Two or more of the Assistants of the said Company, for the Time being, as dlfo, that the sworn Deputies, to be appointed, from time to time, under the Common Seal of the said Society, by the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, aforesaid, or the greater Part of them, shall and may from henceforth.

Four times in every Year, or ofrener when they shall think fit and convenient, have full Power and lawful Authority, in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful:Officer, at convenient times, ro enter and come into all Manner of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Chambers, Yards, Orchards,

Gardens, Cellars, and Backfides, and into all and all Manner of other Places whatsoever, belonging to the Members of the said Society, or any using the said Mistery, where any Frame or Engine belonging to the said Art is, or any Silk Stocking Tops, Waiilcoats, Troufnes, or any other Manufactures or Things whatsoever, belonging to the same Mistery and Art, made and wrought by such Frame or Engine, arc made, or shall be made or wrought, by Freemen of the said Art or Mistery, or Foreigners, or any others using the said Art; and also where there ,aje any Stockings and other Manufactures and Things, so wrought as aforesaid, ro be sold by any using the said Arc or Mistery, or any Persons free thereof; and to search and fee what Stockings and other Manufactures and Things, wrought or made by Frame or Engine as aforesaid, are imported from foreign Parts, and then and there to view, search, try, prove, and fee, all and every such Frame or Frames, or Parts of Frames, Wares or Workmanship, or Manufactures, appertaining or belonging to the Arc aforesaid, whether the same be well and artificially made and wrought, and of good Weight, whether the same be made and wrought of good Stuff and Materials, without-Fraud or Deceit, or contrary to the Charter of the said Company, or any of the lawful Orders, Acts, Ordinances, and Consticutions, made or to be made by the said Master,

Wardens, and Assistants, for the Time being, or the greater Part of them; and if, in their Search, they shall find any of the said Frames, or Parts of Frames, Wares or Manufactures, and Works, inefficiently wrought, or in an unworkmanlike Manner, or made of bad Stuff or Materials, that then they shall seize and produce the same at the Hall or Meeting Place of the said Company, the next Court Day after such Seizure, or so soon as conveniently may be^ and cause the same to be so disposed of, that the People of this Nation may not be deceived with the fame; and the Maker and Makers, Seller and Sellers,

Worker and Workers, of the fame, and those that offer


79*

J. 175$*

f nin«-wort. the same to be sold, shall be fined at the Discretion of the Kutteti. laid. Matter, Wardens, and Affittants, or the greater Part of them, for the Time being, atTembled, according to the Quality of the Offence, so that the same Fine exceed not, for any One Fault so committed, above the Sum of Ten Shillings} and if any of the said Persons make Resistance, and will not obey the said Matter, Wardens, and Assist* ants, and their lawful Deputies, or any of them, or any of their Searches hereafter to be had or made, noc fuflfer them to do all things in or about the fame, in Fcrmafore-said, the same Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay to the said Matter and Wardens, for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of 20s. of lawful Money of Great Britaiui and it shall and may be lawful for the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, upon every such Search, to demand and receive of every Person and Persons, in whole House - or other Premises they (halt make such Search,' Four Pence; and every Person or Persons, who shall refute to pay the fame, shall forfeit and pay, to the Use of the said Company, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence for every such Refusal.

15. Against hiring Frames of Strangers, fie it ordained, That no Person or Persons, being Member or Members of the said Society, shall, from henceforth directly or indirectly, take to hire, for his own or for any others Use, any Frame or Frames of any Person or Persons, other than of such as are Member or Members of the said Society; and thac every Person offending herein shall, for every Week after he hath Warning thereof given him to the contrary, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twelve Pence to the said Society, for every Frame so by him kept to hire, contrary to the true Intent of this Ordinance, as aforesaid.

16. Against teaching the Trade to any other than to Apprentices.

Be it ordained, That such Person or Persons, which how are, or hereafter shall be, free of the said Company, or which now do, or hereafter shall use or exercise the Art or Mistery aforesaid, or any of them, that shall by tiny Manner of Means whatsoever teach and instruct, or Cause to be taught and instructed, any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than his own Child or Children, Apprentice or Apprentices, to be by him or them lawfully bound unto, or bred up in, the said Trade or Mistery, according to the Law of this Kingdom, and Custom of the City of Lcndon, and Orders of the said Company, the Trade, Mistery, Craft, Art, or Occupation, of Framework knitting, or any Skill, Knowlege, Workmanship, or Thing, thereunto in any manner belonging or appertaining, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Master and Wardens of the said Company, for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

such his Allbwance, to and for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of Ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, and to the Clerk of the said Company, for the Time being, Two Shillings, and to the Beadle; thereof Twelve Pence, and thereupon he is to be allowed a Workhouse-keeper; and every Person who shall take or keep any Apprentice or Apprentices, before he be so approved of and allowed to be a Workhause-keeper, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to and for the Use of the said Company, to the said Master and Wardens* for the Time being, Six Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

18.. No Person to exercise the said Art, without being free of the said Company.

Re it ordained. That no Person shall, from henceforth* use or exercise the said Art or Mistery of Frame-work knitting, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Kingdom of England, or Dominion of Wales, unlcfi he shall make Proof before the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Society, or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, of his having served Seven Years Apprenticeship to the said Arc or Mistery, and shall first be admitted a Freeman or Member of the said Society, according to the Intention of the King’s Majesty's Charters in that behalf 5 and that every Person, that shall be admitted into the Freedom of the said Company* shall, at the Time of his Admission, or before he be made free of the fame* pay unto the Master and Wardens, for the Use of the said Company, towards the better defraying the necessary Charges of the said Corporation, the Sum of Ten Shilling* of lawful Money of Great Britain, over and besides the King’s Duty or Stamps, whereon the Admittance of such Person is to be entered, and unto the Clerk of the said Company, for the Time being, the Sum of Two Shillings, and to the Beadle One Shilling; and if any Person, having served an Apprenticeship as aforesaid, shall delay or neglect to be admitted as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Months after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship (not having a reasonable Excuse to the contrary) then every Person, so offending in any Point, contrary to this prefcnc Ordinance, for every Offence, shall forfeit and pay, to and for the Use of the said Company, unto the Master and Wardens of the said Company, for the Time being, the Sum of Thirty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain.

19, Against employing of Foreigners.

It is ordained. That no Member or Members, admitted and made free of the said Society, £hali take any Alien or Foreigner into his or their Service, either as Apprentice or Journeyman, or otherwise to be employed in the said Art or Mistery, upon pain of paying, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds to the Master and Wardens of the said Company, for the Use of the said Company:

17. No Person to take an Apprentice, until he hath his Master Piece approved, and he be allowed a Work-house-keeper.

Be it ordained. That no Person, which now or hereafter shall use or exercise the said Art or Mistery of Frame-work knitting, shall, at any time hereafter, retain, keep, or have, any Apprentice or Apprentices, until such time as he shall, for the T rial and Approbation of his Skill in the same Art, have made and wrought, in the Presence of the Master and Wardens, for the Time being, or such Person as by them, or any Two of them, shall be appointed for that Purpose, One Pair of Silk Stockings, and such other thing, wrought by Frame, as the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Company, for the Time being, or the greater Part of them, shall to him, in that Behalf, prescribe; and upon the finishing of the same Stockings, or such other thing, as aforesaid, he shall present them to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Company, or the greater Part of them, and if thereupon he shall be approved a sufficient Workman; then every such Person, so approved of, shall pay to the said Master and Wardens, in lieu of his Piece, and for

20. An Ordinance touching the timely presenting and binding Apprentices.

Be it ordained, That every person, who is or shall be free of the said Company, or which now doth, or hereafter shall, use or exercise the said Art, and is redding in, or within Forty Miles of, the Cities of London and fVeJt~ minster, who shall be minded to take any Apprentice in the same Art or Trade, shall, within One Month, bring and present the said Person, so to be bound Apprentice, before the Master and Wardens of the said Company, for the Time being, at the Common Hall, or other usual Place of Meeting of the said Master and Wardens, for the Time being; and every such Person, free of the said Company, or which now doth, or hereafter shall, use gr exercise the said Art, redding at a greater Distance from the said Cities of London and Wq/tminster, as shall be minded to take any Apprentice as aforesaid, shall, within the Time before limited, bring and present the said Person, so to he bound, before such Deputy or Deputies as the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the said Com-, pany, or the greater Number of them, shall, from time to time* create, substitute, and appoint, according to thp

Charter

26 GeO;IL :ip* *4prilis>

Charter ?.nJ Ordin ncesof the said Comf>arty, dtthe tifuiil -Time and P'ace of Meeting of such Deputy or Deputies i to the Inrent that the IYiu Master and Wardens, Deplity or Deputies, may examine whether such Apprentice be of competent and sufficient Years, and fit fdr the said Trade,

: nr, J whether every such Person, so prefencing as aforesaid*

bi capable, by the Ordinances of the (kid Company, to ta e and Irind such Apprentice, and HkcwifeTufficient to teach and instruef him in his Trade and Mistery; and, if... the said Prrfentment be approved of theb the said Ap- . prentice to be forthwith bound by the Clerk, or other Officer of the said Company, to be appointed by the said Mailer and Wardens, Deputy or Deputies; and for the 'Bin ting of every such Apprentice there shall be paid, by such Apprentice, the Sum of Three Shillings for the Use of the said Society,4 besides the King's Duty, or any other . Duty now imposed, or that hereafter may be irtnposed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, on the Binding of Apprentices; and there shall also be paid to the Clerk of the said Company, or makm® every Pair of Indentures, and entering and rendering foUi Binding, the Sum of Two Shillings, and to the BeadL, for his Attendance on the fame, One Shilling, upon, ram that every Person offending in any Point, conti ary to tni> present Ordinance,

£*r every Offence, (hah forfeit and pay to the Master and Ward ns of the Lid Company, for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of Forty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain; nor shall it be lawful for any Person or Persons, Freemen of the said Company, and of the City of London, to caufo ar.y intended Apprentice, upon Trial as aforesaid, n be bound by any Freeman of any other Company of the said City, in order to fruftracc the Intent of this present Ordinance, and to prevent fu:h Apprentice, o: the Expiration of his Term, from being admitted a Freeman and Member of this Society, upon pain of paying to the Master and Wardens of this Company, for the Time being, the Sum of Five Pounds of lawful Money . of Goat Britain, to the Use of the said Company.

21. Of assigning or turning over of Apprentices.

Be it ordained. That no Person, free of the said Com-' parr*, now using or exercising, or which at any time or times hereafter shall use orexercise, the Arr aforesaid, shall assign or turn over any Apprentice to any Person or Per-suns whatsoever, for the Remainder of any such Apprentice’s Term or Time of Servitude, neither shall any Person, now or hereafter using :he same Art, or free of the said Company, accept, take, receive, or have, any Apprentice from any other Person or Persons likewise now or hereafter using the said Art, or free of che fme, without the Licence and Confenr of the M ifter and m ardens of the said Company, for the Time being, to the Inrent rhat the said Master and Wardens may know whether the Person, to whom such \p, rentice is to be turned over, is capable of receiving or taking such Apprentice or Apprentices, and.

i.s fic and able to keep and instruft him in the Trade unto which he was bound; and every Person, to whom such Apprentice is to be afllgned and turned over, shall, upon every such Alignment or Turning-over, pay to the Tvlafter and Wardens of the Company aforesaid, for the Use aforesaid, the Sum of Two Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, and to the Clerk of the said Company, for the Time being, One Shilling, and to the Beadle Six Pence, upon pain chat eve:y Person offending in any thing, contrary to this present Ordinance, shall forfeir and pav, for every such Offence, to the Mailer and Wardens aforesaid, to the Use aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Shillings of lawful Money of Great B/ i/ain.

2 2. That no Journeymen or others shall depart their Service, without a Month's Warning.

Be it ordained. That no Person free, or who shaft be free, of the laid Company, which now or hereafter is or shall be received or hired to work, or to fervo, as a Journeyman, or hired Servant, to exercise the said Art or Vol. 26*

Misery of Fhimi-i^ork knitting, ’With any Person of Per- Framed* fons free, or which hereafter shall be free, of the said Kohteru Company* shall at any time, during the Term or Time for which he shall be Id retained, or hired, depart from his said Sehrice, without Leave or Licence of his said Master (except it be for Non-payment of his Salary or Wages, or by mutual Consent or Agreement) without giving One Month's Notice or Warning rohis Master of his Intention so to do* and that no Master shall turn away of discharge lu.ch Journeyman or hired Servant, from his Service,* without giving to him One Month’s Notice or Warning ofjiis Intention so to do, and first paying him what (Hall be justly due: And further, that no Person who now’ is, or hereafter shall be, free of the said Company^or \ which now or hereafter shall use the said Art, shall afterwards retain or hire any such Journey man or Servant, until such time as he be free and clear from his former Work -master, in Manner and Form before declared; and that every Person, that shall offend in any thing contrary to this present Ordinance, shall, for every such Offence, pay unto the Master and Wardens aforesaid, to and for the Use of the said Company, the Sum' of Five Pounds of lawful Money of Gy eat Britain.

2j. That no Journeymen or others shall work with any Person, but such as arc fworo and admitted Members of the said Company.

Be it ordained, That no Person now using or exercising, or which at any time hereafter shall use or exercise, the said Art or Miftery of Frame-work knitting, being a Freeman or Member of the said Company, shall, from henceforth, work with any Person or Persons using the said Arr, other than such as be or shall be free and sworn to the said Company, without the Licence of the said Matter,

Wardens, and Assistants, or the greater Part of them; and that every Person that shall offend, in any Point, contrary to this Ordinance, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the Master and Wardens of the said Company, for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of Twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain.

24. No Master shall let any to Work, but such as are Members of the said Company.

Be it ordained, That no Person whatsoever, free of the said Company, now using, or which hereafter shall use or exercise, the said Art of Frame-work knitting, shall, at any time or times hereafter, employ or set on Work, in the said Arc or Trade, any Person or Persons whatsoever but fuchv as arc admitted Men.beis of the same Company, except his or their Child or Children, or Apprentices, bound unto him or them, according to the Ordinances of the said Company; and that every Person that shall offend in any Point, contrary to this Ordinance, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the Master and Wardens of the said Company, to and for t; e Use of the said Company, the Sum of Five Pounds o! lawful Money of Great Britain.

26. An Ordinance for Payment of Quarterage.

Be it also ordained, Thar, towards defraying the publick Charges and necessary Expences of che said Company, it shall and may be lawful to and for che Master and Wardens of the said Company or Society, for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, to a(k, demand, and receive, for the Use of the said Company, of every Person beinga Member of the said Society, and exercising che said Art or Mifteryas a Master, after the Rate of Six Pence every Quarter of a Year; and of and from every Person, being a Member of the said Society, and exercising the said Art and Mistery as a Journeyman, after the Rate of Three Pence every Quarter of a Year; and of and from all other Members of the said Company, not exercising the said Trade, after the Rare of Six Pence every Quarter of a Year; and if any Person, being a Member of the said Company, shall refuse or neglect to pay his Quarterage, according to the several 5 Q^ Rates

794 19 dpritis. 175 3.

Knitters^ ^aCcs anc^ Proriiions aforesaid (bring demanded asafore-meters. CVery such Person, so refusing co pay the ftme, shall forfeit and pay to the said Matter and Wardens of the said Company^ for the Time being, to the Use of the said Company, the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, for every such Neglect or llefufal.

27* That proportionable Contributions be made towards the defray ing of necessary Charges.

Be it ordained, That all and every Person using, or which shall hereafter use or exercise, the Art or Miftcryof Frame-work knitting, within the Cities of Ltondoh and Westminster% and the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, being now free of or admitted into the said Society, or which hereafter shall be made free of or admitted into the fame, shall, from time to time, contribute his equal Sum or Proportion of Money to the Master, Wardens, or Assistants, or to the Treasurer of the said Company, by them appointed, for and towards the pay ing and defraying of all Charges and Expences that the said Company may, at any time, bear, sustain, or be put unto, for their necessary Support and Well-being, upon pain of Forfeiture of double the Sum of Money, that shall be so rated and imposed upon him. Provided, that every such Person he equally and fairly rated and assessed, according to his Degree, Quality, and Condition.

31. For the Recovery and Appropriation of Fines.

For the more regular and lawful Recovery of the several Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, Sum and Sumsof Money, by the several Orders and Ordinances aforesaid imposed, fer, appointed, and limited, to be paid, it is hereby ordained, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Master and Wardens of the said Company, for the Time being, in the Name of the said Company, to sue for and recover the fame, by Bill, Plaint, Action of Debt, or otherwise, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record; and the fame, when recovered and received, shall go to the Use of the said Company, to be employed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, for the Time being, towards Relief of the Poor of the said Company, and towards sustaining the Charges of the said Corporation, at the Direction of the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, Or the greater Parc of-diem, at their Courts assembled.

-Appendix, N° 3.

ORoher 14, 175 a.

To all the Frame-work Knitters.

Since publishing the Address to the Frame-work Knitters, the 15th of duguft last, the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company, in London, have made an Order with respect to the Country, to the following Purport. <c That every Person in the Character of a Jour-u nevman, and who hires Frames of an Employer, may u be admitted, paying Five Shillings only, Two of which €t are to pay for the King's Stamps, which they ar£ obliged to use on every Admission, Two more for the <€ Clerk’s, and One for the Beadle's Fees." And Notice is hereby given, that on Yburjday, the 26th Instant, a Court , will be held at The Crown Innt on the Long Row,

Nottingham, for admitting all and every the Matters and Journeymen belonging to the Trade, who are desirous to take up their Freedom of the Company, these being the easiest Terms on which Admittances (which is the first Step to be taken, in order to form a Community) can possibly be granted; and, if duly encouraged amongst our-selves, will ^we think) effectually establith the Regulation so long wanted, and so much hoped for, notwithstanding the many Efforts of some of the Employers, who are ft riving against it, and at the same time pretend to be the Workmen's Friends; but how far such Conduct can be consistent with real Friendship to the Journeymen, we leave to their qy/n Judgments; and chat the Journeymen may not be further deceived by those who endeavour co lessen the Validity of the Company’s new By-laws (an attested Copy of which may be seen) it is thought proper to in-

form all the Journeymen, that the Orders, Rules, and Ordinances, of the Company of Frame work Knicters, made by the Master, Wardens and Assistants, of the said Company, on the 22d of May 1745, were since confirmed, pursuant to Act: of Parliament-, by the Right Honourable Philip Lord Hardwicke, the prefenc Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Sir William Lee Knight the present Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, and Sir John Willes Knight, the present Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas 5 and that no Journeymen may be discouraged at the Quarterage (although but Three Pence) we take-this Opportunity to acquaint them, that the Court will not expect it from any of the poor Men, many of whom a* this time (although not old) are scarce able to get Bread, it being thought sufficient to call on those who keep Frames or Apprentices. Then let us immediately agree to be of One Mind for this General Good, and heartily join, with One Voice, to proclaim the Court our Protection ! and no more Colts

& After the time above-mentioned, th^ Court will be held the First Yhurfday in every succeeding Month, beginning on Yhurjday the 2d of November next. t \

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read1 a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was post poned. '

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question feverailly put thereupon, agreed co by the House,

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Impor^ioa Importation of Cambricks, and French Lawns, was read of Cam‘ a Second time. bnckl*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee p£the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

Preventing of the Inconveniencies and Dangers that m3y arise from the present Methods of digging Gravel, Sand, Highways, Stone, Chalk, and other Materials, on the several Corp-mons and waste Grounds, within this Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Northey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Stockton^ others, of the County Palatine of Durham, and County of Roa<1, York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prt*-fented to the House, and read; leciting Part of an /\ft, made in the 20th Year of his prefenc Mairfty's Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tecs, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence, through Winftone, to Barnard Cnfile, in the same County; and also Part of another Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said first-mentioned Act; and setting forth, That great Sums of Money have annually arisen from the Tolls granted by the said Acts; and that the Petitioners, or such of them as inhabit within the respective Townships adjoining to the said Road, or their Tenants or Farmers, have not only paid the said Tolls, but have also yearly been obliged to perform Two Statute Days Works towards repairing the said Road, by reason whereof the other Roads, lying within the said Townships, have been greatly neglected, and gone to Ruin; and that the Petitioners ha*c been put to greater . Expence for the repairing rhercof, than they usually were put to before the Commencement of the said Acts; but

that

0,6 Geo. II.

19* Apr

7 95

that the same is tendered worse than it was before the Commencement of the said Acts, insomuch that many of the Persons, travelling from Darlington to Stockton upon Tees, think, proper to quit the said Turnpike Road at Sadherge, and to travel to Stockton along another Road, which is Seven Miles or thereabouts, not with (landing such Tra-

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report General , from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Regi ter of Bill for taking and registering an annual Account of the PoPuI*"on* total N umber of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total . Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish and

vellers pay the same Toll as if they had actually travelled extraparochial PlaCe in Great j was committed;

Statute-work

o#

Highways

Preservatioa

of

Highways.

Adjonrn-

aent.

Discorering the Longitude.

Peadlam'*

lilaie.

upon the said Turnpike Road from Darlington to Stock-ton, to the great Oppression of his Majesty’s Subjects,. and in particular of the Petitioners, their Farmers, and Tenants, and the Inhabitants of the said Counties of Durham and Tor!; and alleging, That the Bill depending in the House, for augmenting the Tolls of the said Road, if paged into a Law, will tend greatly to the Discourage-meiu of Trade and Commerce, in the said Counties, and to the great Prejudice of the landed I nterest. therein, and Parts adjacent: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counlcl,against the Palling of the said intended Bill into a Law, and that the House will take the Ptcmifcs into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the .'fable.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend and render more effectual the J_aws relating to the Six Days Work on she Highways, That they do insert in the said Bill a Clause or Clauses, for the better preventing of Annoyances upon the Highways.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Amendment and Prefer vation of the publick Roads of this Kingdom, and for the - more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon fVednesday Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the Act, of the 12th of Queen

Ame, for providing a publick Reward for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the examining, trying, and judging, of Proposals for discovering the said Longitude.

An inerofled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for efbblishing and rendering effectualceitain Articles for the Sale of the Manor or reputed Manor, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at in the County of Tcrk,late the Estate of Charles Heaalum E squire,

deceased; and fur veiling the undivided Third Part or bhare of Anne Headlam Spinster, an Infant, of and in the said Manor and Premises, in Trustees, in Troft, to convey the fame, pursuant to the said Articles; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thornton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. H’ilkinfon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Thcrnbagh, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Gray, Sir John Turner, Mr. Charlton, Mr Hay, Mr.

Fazakerley, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Mr. Ha-

milton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Martin, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. Ker, Mr. G, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Chester, Kir. Leans, Mr. Kent, Mr. Potter, Mr Powney, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Gore, General Onslow, Mr. Fairfax, Genetal Mr. Pelham, Mr. Locke, Mr. Peachey, Mr.; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorlan/l, [Lancaster and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. r Voi.. »6.

be resumed, after the House shall the other Orders of the Day.

have proceeded upon

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fdrt- pap-l(ll* s night, rcfojve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Deeds, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrol.nentof Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees.

Resolved, That , this House will, upon Monday Seven- South Set night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the CorporationNof the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

.Mr - H'ilkinfon reported from the Committee, to whom Regujat;tf*

the Bill for regulating the Number of Alehouses in that Alehou&if Part of Great Britain cal'ed England, and for the mpre easy convifling Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without Licence; was committed; That the Committee Had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards del vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Sevennight.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the further Con- General sideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole Register of House, to whom the Bill for taking and registering an Population, annual Account of the total Number of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and al(b of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish, and extraparochial Place, in Great t

was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day; being read.

The House resumed the further Confideiation of the said Report.

And several other Amendments being made by the House to the Bill;

Another Amendmentwas proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " Commissioners for Trade " and Plantations, at their Office in London,’* in Fol. 3.

L. 16, 17. and inferring instead thereof " Clerk of the " House of Commons."

And the Question being put, That the Words Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, at their Office in *' London ,"(land Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir Danvers Osborne have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Twelfth Part of Ann Jekyll, an Infant, in the real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ofdtred,

79 6 19° — 3°° 1753.

Ordered, That CoXotvA Aberirdmly haVeLeave ttfmakc Ordered, That Mr. Ldmlton bare Leave to‘;makt a a Mode n: Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Preston Pans Ordered\ That the Report from the' Committee, to

Harbour, whorn the Bill for laying a Duty’of Two Pennies Scots,

or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of A1 and Beef which fha 11 be brewed for Sale, brought 1 "into, tapped; or fold, within the Town; and Pa'rish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, othersife; Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for.other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to tak£ the l*aid< Report into Consideration. v And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the - said Bill, being federally read a Second time* were, upon < the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bilb with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

Old Street Mr. Cook reportedfrom the Committee, to whom the Road. Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Stone's End, near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of, the Bridge in Old Street Roadr and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street $ was committed; Thafthe Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed ' him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;'and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly*

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee td the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Teverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House 'to the EiH.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-- grossed.

Dunchurch Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee,

Road. to whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the ioth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurchto the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the County of PI artvich; was committed; That the Committee had heard Counfei upon the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subsenbed, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the same County, referred to the Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he: read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Merdaunt have Leave to f^make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the j tsaid Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-vtwifcd.

And he moved the House accordingly. 1

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, tO whbm Stockton, the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more ef- &c.Roid. feftUaliTwo Acts bf Parliament, the one passed in the 20th Yeatof his present Majest/s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leiding from tlfe Town of Stock*

' ton upon Tees, in the County of Dirham, to Darlington, and from' thence, through ‘ Winjlotie, to Barnard Castley in the said County; and the other passed in the*2id Ye<£ of - his said Majesty*1$ Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term 4n‘d Powers granted by the said first-menddlcd Act, ahdfpr the'efttftual amending of thefald Road> ^as committed^ be now taken into Consideration.

; The HOofc accordingly proceeded ter take the said Report'info Consideration.

And the said Report was read. - >1

And" the Amendmerfts made 4*7 the ConlmrtttVtAPthe said Bill,’bein^ Severally read a Second^ time, were, upon the Qdeltion Feveraliy put thereupon Agreed to by^the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iar grossed. ' ? ‘ " /

' " . 1

And theri the House adjourned till Monday Seven^ night,1 Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

JLunts, ^o0 die jiprilis;

Anno 26* Georgii IP* Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

R.‘ Sydenham reported from the Committee, to Whonh the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intitu- Name, led, An Act for enabling John Latcbrhore, and life Issue, to take and use the Surname of Frye was committed;

That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same toi>e true; and that the Committee had directed hinv to report the Bill to the House, without any' Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for encouraging and improving the Manufic- Linen M* tory of Linen, in the.Highlands of Scotland, was read a nuUaure. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole HOufe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itftif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Greenwfc ment of the Poor, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the Pool, County of Kent; and for repairing the Highways and cleariing the Streets thereof; was read the Third drpe.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and for repairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the J-Ords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting a certain Sum of Money out of Supply the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Surplus Siukin| Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of Fttnd* the Year 1753, was read a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

4 A Petition

freebies

Roads.

Headlam'*

Mate.

Expiring

Laws.

16 Geo. II. 50° A 797

A Petition of Matthew Sharp*, William johnjlont, James Veitcb, was presented to the House, and read} taking Notice, Thac a Bill is depending in the House, for repairing and widening the several Roads, in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweedhope Brae/oot, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Man-eba, and IVbeam, and by Linton and Car lops, and from lnglejloun, through Car lops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh: And praying, That it may be provided, by a Clause in the said Bill, that the Turnpike Road should begin at Ttveedcross, which is the March between the Two Counties of Dumfries and Peebles, little more than One Mile further than where it is designed io begin; but where the Road, leading up a very high Hill, (lands most ih need of Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Charles Douglas, Mr. Bacon, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gore, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay, Mr West, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Richard IVrottesley, Mr. Lyjlery Mr. South-1ve'l, Mr. Dixon, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Scott, Mr. Delme, Mr. Thornton, Mr: Hardinge, Mr. Page, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cayley, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Bond, Mr. fVhicbcot, Mr. Potter, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Legh, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Kynaston. Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Phidipjon; and all the Members who serve for Ncrtb Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishir.gand rendering cfftftual certain Articles for the Sale of the Manor or reputed Manor, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, atKexby, in the County of York, late the Eft ate of Charles Headlam Esquire, deceased; and for veiling the undivided Third Part or Share of Ann Headlam Spinster, an Infant, of and in the said Manor and Premises, in Trustees, inTruft, to convey the fame, pursuant to the said Articles; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sarisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 15. Leave out from the First "the" to " Gentleman," in L. 18. and insert " Reverend Jaques 4t Sterne, Do ft or of Laws, and Thomas Barnard, of €i Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon,agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Fourth Resolution, which, upon Tuesday the 27th Day of March last, was reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and was then postponed, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followcch; viz.

<c Rejolvtd1 That it is the Opinion of this Com-,c mittee, That an Act, made in the 19th Year of the u Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to " enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading Vol. 26.

" of the Dirtemper which how rages amongst the horhed ct Cattle in this Kingdom, which was to continue in Force " for the Space of Eight Months, and to the End of the of then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act;

" made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was explained, amended, and continued, and to " be in Force, with the said lalLmentioned Act, for the

Space of Eight Months, from the 10th Day of Janu* tc ary 1746, and from thence to the End of the then next " Session of Parliament; and which said Acts by an Act,

" made in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 24th Day of " September 1748, and from thence to the End ofi the " then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act,

<c made in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the>24th Day of " September 1749, and from thence to the End of the <c then next Session of Parliament; and also several c< Clauses in the Lid Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for amending, explaining, and,

enforcing, the Lid Acts, made in the 19th and 20th " Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the horned " Cattle, and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the " Killing of Cow Calves , and which by an Act, made iri " the 2 jd Year of the R eign of his present Majesty, were " further continued until the 29th Day of September u *7501 and from thence to the End of the then next " Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the iC said Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his

" present Majesty, and which by an Act, made in the c< 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were <c further continued until the ift Day of September 1751, cc and from thence to the End of the then next Section of <c Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act,

<c made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, u for explaining and enforcing the said Acts, and which cc by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 1 ft ,c Day of September 1752, and from thence to the End <c of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several <c Clauses in the said Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining and amending " the said Acts; are near expiring, and fit to be con-f< tinued."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain, amend, and continue, the several Acts and Clauses mentioned in the said Resolution: And that Mr. Baa?# and Mr. Ellis do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privilege. Christopher Picard, Solicitor for a Bill now depending in this House, was, upon Saturday last, arrested, and now remains in Custody.

And a Witness being called in, and examined, in order to prove, That the said Mr. Christopher Picard was so arrested.

And the House being informed by a Member, That the said Mr. Christopher Picard is employed as Sollicitor for the said Bill.

And the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of April 1742 (in relation to the Allowance of the Privilege of this House to Mr. Gilbert Douglas, a Sollicitor for several Bills then depending in the House, who was arrested as he was attending the House) being read;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Christopher Picard; and that he be dip-charged from his Arrell.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rodata’s for naturalizing Christtan Maurice Rodatz, was read the Nat. Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

9 R A Peti-

t)ee Navigation.

Ipswich, &c. Roads.

Silk Mam*-failure.

South Sea Company.

798 - — 10 Mali,

A Petition of Walter Stubbs of Bickbury, in the County of Salop, Gentleman, and John Dutton of Colehurst, in the said County, Gentleman* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners* being Lessees of divers Mines and Veins of Coal, in the Lordship of Hawarden, have, within these Twelve Months pad, at an Expence of One thousand Pounds, made and perfected a Frame or Timber Road from the said Works, to the new Channel of the River Dee, on Saltney Marsh, in the Parish and Lordship of Hawarden, which is of great and publick Benefit; and that, in case the Bill now depending in the House, for confirming Articles of Agreement between the Lord of the Manor of Hawarden and the River Dee Company, should not take effect, the Petitioners are informed, the said Work of Navigation will be deserted, and the Navigation thereof totally loft j whereby the Petitioners and many others, who have expended large Sums of Money (which intirely depend upon the Navigation of the said River) will be greatly injured and ruined: And therefore praying the House to give such due Encouragement to the said Company, as may enable them to preserve the Navigation of the said River.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the One of the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called The Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and the other, of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Adi5 and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lanthorne Green; and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenbam Beacon, in the said County; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, in the County of Suffolk, ind other Roads in the said Acts mentioned 5 and for repairing the Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenbam Beacon, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Cordel Firebrace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A. 1753,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Regulating Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for re- Alc-houfM* gulating the Number of Alehouses in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the more easy convidling Persons selling Ale and other Liquors, without Licence j was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Pol. 3. L. 9. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 3. L. 9. whereby it was proposed to leave out from <c aforesaid," to the End of the Clause5 and insert these Words, <c the Sum of One Shil-<c ling and no more, which shall be paid to the Clerks of <c the said Justices by the Persons licensed, over and <c above the Pets payable to the said Justices Clerks," being read a Second time 5

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words <c One Shilling," and inferring the Words "Six Pence," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " One " Shilling9* (land Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Sf*

Tellers for the Noes,

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, That 40 Members were not present j and it being then after Four of the Clock5

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and securing the Duties payable upon Velvets, wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Horatio Walpole senior took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Horatio Walpole senior reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and for regulating the EleClion of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mart is 3 i° die Maii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers. t

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door 5

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanc to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar exported from Scotland^-that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to Ireland, from Account* of the 25th Day of December 1751, to the 25th Day of De- R^ort. ember 1752: And also, edTndim/

An Account of the Quantities of Rum imported into ported, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland from the Sugar Colonies, for the last Ten Years, ended at Christmas 1752; v

distinguishing each Year: And also, -j

An Account of the Amount of the Debentures, made Account of out for the Payment of the Bounties upon Exportation of ®°"n!jlcs British-made Sail-cloth, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the ift Day of June 1750, to Christmas j

17525 distinguishing the Ports, and what Sum of Money, j

due by the said Debentures, remains unpaid: And also, 1

An Account of the Quantity of Cambricks imported Account of j into, and exported from, that Part of Great Britain Cambrick* j called Scotland, and the Duties arising therefrom, from Christmas 1744, to Christmas 1752; distinguishing each Year: And also.


1

16 Geo. It,

Scotland — Account of Silcfia Lawns imported,&c.

Account of Cambricks bonded for Exporution.

Sutatf-work oo Highways.

Keighley to Kirkby Kendal Road.

other up tjiclosure.

Christ

Church

Workhoafe.

Liviagftoan, Ice. Roads.

Btnbary

Road.

Exeter

Roads.

Mail.

m

An Account of the Silejia Lawns and narrow Germany Linens imported into, and exported from, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and che Duties arising therefrom, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1752 s distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Number and Value of the Bonds given, from Christmas 1744, to Christmas 1752, on Importation of Cambricks for Exportation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Number and Value of such Bonds as remain undischarged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whum it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners* Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in che City of Brijiei, whose Names are thereun:o subscribed.

Ordered, That the rest of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The fiid I’everal Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating ro che Six Days Work on the Highways; and for the better preventing of Annoyances upon the Highways: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, Thac the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Hoad from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby, in Kendall\ in the County of Westmorland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby, in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bermet, and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging, dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands, Common Grounds, Pastures, Feeding Grounds, and ocher che Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Eafllecb Martin, otherwise Botberup, in the County of Gloucester; and for making a Recompence and Compensation to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes and Glebe Lands, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlefx, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish; and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Livbtgjloun, by the Kirk of Sboits, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Stratbaven: without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post, near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in che County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act

Vol. z6.

for amending feVerai Roads leading from the City of Exeter, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chicbcftcf for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and £oor* ac<* for enlightening the Streets, Passages, and open Places; Strcels' within the City of Chicbejier, and several Places adjoining thereto, and the Clofc within the said City, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by C lerks to Justices of the Peace, without any Amendment: U

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Manning* Sale of the undivided Moieties of divers Manors* Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, the settled Ettate of Matthew Manning, Doctor in Physick, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt affetting the fame, and for laying oUt the Surplus thereof, in the Purchase of other LanJs and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Horatio Walpole senior* according to Order, re- Silk Mann-ported to the Committee of che whole House, to whom k&are; the Bill for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and securing che Duties payable upon Velvets* wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questioa severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Knight's for vesting One undivided Fourth Part of Elizabeth Knight Estate. of and in divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late the Estate of Robert Plompton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same for che Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to che fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to con- Confirming firm certain Acts and Orders made by Justices of the Orders of Peace, being of the Qporum, notwithstanding any Defect Quorum111 in not expressing the rein, that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum: And that Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Hard'tnge, Mr. Sydenham, and Mr. Taylor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Regulating from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Alehouses. Number of Alehouses in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more ealy conviding Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without Licence, was committed, be resumed upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Discovering resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Longi-consider of so much of the Act, of the iath of Queen tu Anne, for providing a publick Reward for the Discovery of che Longitude at Sea, as relates to che examining, trying, and judging of, Proposals for discovering the said Longitude, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to z an

General Register of Population-

Expiring

Laws-

Old Street Road.

Preston Pans Harbour.

Pipers Inn, fcc. Road.

Boo

an A&, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for stich Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Seas and also pursuant to an Act, made in the 14th of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for fur* veying the chief Pores and Head Lands on the Coast of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Latitute and Longitude thereof; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com* mi tree.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevlattd took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clevlund reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for taking and registering an annual Account of the total Number of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish, and extraparochial Place, in Great Britain, be read the Third time, upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the Punish-meftt of Persons going armed, or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

i An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Stone’s End near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Old Street Road, and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Stone’s End near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Old Street Road\ and through Old Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Had-dingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Townj and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Colonel Abercrombie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road

4.1753.

leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glaftcn, otherwise Glastonbury and (Veils, to the Direction Poll or White Post, in the Parish of Midjomer-Nor ten, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Wells aforesaid, tp Rush Hill, in the said County; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out a Clause therein, from the Word 14 given," in Pr. 42. L. 11. to the Words " And be it further enacted," in the 24th Line of the same Press, for incapacitating Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City or Borough of Wells, from holding Offices under this Act.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause (land Part of the Bill 5 ,

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the said Clause was taken out of the Bill accordingly; Part of the said Clause being erased, and the Remainder cut off at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An A6h for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glaston, otherwise Glastonbury and Wells, to the Direction or White Post, in the Great Western Road, to the City of Bath; and also from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol

Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Dutirso* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Wine*. Wines imported into any of the Out-ports of this Kingdom, being afterwards brought into the Port of London or Parrs adjacent, without paying the London Duty. v

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

r Mail

The other Order of the-Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven- importation night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Su-ir. to consider further of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners,

Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and 5lfo of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Manning Adfc for Sale of the undivided Moieties of divers Manors, Estate. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, the settled Estate of Matthew Manning, Doctor in Physick, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt affixing the fame, and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, Thai the Bill be read a Second time.

i6 GeoMI.

1tMSi,

801

Mercuriiy 2° die Maxi;

Anno 26° Georgii IldI Regis, 1753.

P k. AYERS.

f \ N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and tftabliftfing a Partition of several Manors, LaVids, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, belonging to Sir Cyril XVich Baronet, Elizabeth JFilfofiy and Mary Yurton, respectively, and a Settlement made thereof for the Benefit of the several Parties intitled to the several undivided Shares thereof, before such Partition; was read the First time.

1 Rejolvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

ocfmrch An ingrossed Bill, to continue, and render more effec-R°ad. tual, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 10th

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Meriden Hilly in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

‘The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. last. After <c Chariot,'* to insertft Chaise." And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House* and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to continue and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the icth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch, to the Bottom of Meriden Hilly in the County of Warwick; and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meriden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Privile^ . The House being informed, That Satisfaction had been made to Thomas baiufbury Esquire (a Member of this House) in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 7 th Day of April last.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Levant The House being informed, That Mr. Reynardjoyiy

Company. Accomptant to the Governor and Company* of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, attended at the Door*

He was called in; and, at the Bijr, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Charges paid by the Levant Company, for the Management of their Affairs in Twelve Years, valuing the Dollar at Three Shillings, and distinguishing each Year: And also,

A Paper, intituled, *€ Particulars of the Salaries and annual Disbursements paid by the Levant Company* for the Management of their Affairs."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon Uie Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Prowje reported from the Committee, to whom the Pleydelp* ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vest- &&* ing the Estate of Edmund Morton Pleydell Esquire, in;

Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to the Marriage of Edmund Morton Pleydell the younger Esquire, with Anne his Wife, and for othet Purpofo, therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Francis Drake presented to the Houef, according to Confirming Order, a Bill to confirm certain Acts and Orders, made Ord.ers of by Justices of the Peace, being of the Quorum, not- <[wlrcu"m withstanding any Defect in not expressing therein that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum: And the same was received; and read the Fir It time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Clevlandy according to Order, reported from the Discovering Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred t.he to cohfider of so much of the Act of the 12th of Queen\ ngllu c* Anne, for providing a public^ Reward for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the examining, trying, and judging of Pfopofals for discovering the said Longitude, the Resolution which the Committee had directed hipi to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, '

That a further Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be applied out of aoy Monies unapplied, to the Use of the Navy, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, towards making Experiments of Proppfals for discovering the Longitude at Sea, subject to the same Directions and Regulations as are for the like Purpose contained in an Act of the 12 th of Queen Anney intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Mr. Clevlandy Mr. Gray, Mr. Legge, and Mr. Northey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Northaller-whom the Bill for widening and repairing the High Road ton Road, from Northallerton, through the Towns of Thirsk and Ea-fingtyouldyynty&NQTtfr Riding of the County of York, to the City of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the* Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Mr. Lyjler reported from the Committee, ro whom the Liiate, ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Evelyn Chadwicke Esquire, and his Wife, and their I flue, to make building Leases of Part of his settled Estate in the Jfari flies of Saint James Westminster, and Saint Martin in the Fields3 in the County of Middlesex3 was committed; Vol. 26.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennety and Mr-Sawyer: . , -

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Scudamore* impower the Guardians of Frances Fitzroy Scudamore% Estate* an Infant, to make building Leases ofher Estate in South-

k

Latch more’s Name.

Linen

Manufacture.

Doncaster

Roads.

8oi

Man.

A, 1753.

work, in the County of Surrey: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And theft the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling John Latchmore, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Frye, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for vesting the undivided Twelfth Part of Am Jekyll, an Infant, in the real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same t6 the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Danvers OJbome, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Potter, Mr. Fell owes y Mr. Franktand, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Nor they. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Montagu, Mr. OJwaldy Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Hale, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Torke, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Legge, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ellis, Admiral Bynge, Lord Downe, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Burr ell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Nathanael Cursor, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cocks, - Mr. IVHies, Mr. Richards, Colonel Acourt, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Owen, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. *Thornton, Sir Charles Kemys Fynle, Colonel Leighton, Nix Fuckfield', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging and improving the Manufactory of Linen, in the Highlands of Scotland, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinjon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Dupplin re ported from the Committee, to EarlAlh-whom the Bill for enabling thu surviving Trustees and burnham’* Executors of John late Earl of Ashburnham, deceased^ to sell and convey his Estate at Bretherton, in che County of Lqncafier, pursuant to the Directions, and for the Purposes in his Will, was committed; That the Committee had exa- " mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that all the Parties concerned (except his Majesty, . who is imitled to the Reversion in Fee of the said Estate) had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gonethrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wich the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:.

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives . his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Com- Duties« mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent Wines. Wines, imported into any of the Out-ports of this Kingdom, being afterwards brought into the Port of London, or Parts adjacent, without paying the London Duty, was committed;The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W7here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Repayment of the Difference of the Duties for Wine staved, or otherwise loft.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up; and an Amendment was made to the said Clause.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and make more effectual an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Weatherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York 5 was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for obviating Doubts relating to the Qualification of the T ruftees.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up; and the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Parc of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, and make more effectual. An Act passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Weatherby, and from thence to Borough-bridge, in the County of TorL

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Prefemtiot Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom of* the Bill for the Amendment and Preservation of the pub- Highway* lick Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, was committed.

And the said Report was read. f

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the frau- Cambridcs. dulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

The

16 GeO. II. i" — 3" Mail 803

Northiller- . The Order made this Day for taking into Consideration t0D Ro*4. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening and repairing the High Road from Northallerton, through the Towns of Yhirjk and Eastngwould, in the North Riding of the County of York, to the City of York% was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die Matt;

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet, and Mr. tVaple:

Mr. Speaker,

Hrvlum The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Iudoiure. for inclosing and dividing certain Wades and Commons in the Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

Hanover The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Square for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the

Panih. Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty

of the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

High gate The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SttdRMd" to cont,nue> anc* rcnc^er more effectual, several Acts of oa 4‘ Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to High-gate Gatehouse and Hampflead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex \ without any Amendment: And also,

ItektonBurn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and "for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Bum, in the County of Durham, through Berwick- upon-Tweed> to Lammerton Hill \ and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; without any Amendment: And also,

Raw Horn's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Efote. veiling the Estate late of William Rawftom Esquire, at Baffeldan, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be fetried to the Uses of his Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chadwick* to enable Evelyn Chadwicke Esquire, and his Wife* and Erftaic* their Issue, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate in the Parishes of Saint James Westminster, and Saint Martin in the Fieldsin the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Northaller-Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom lon ^oad* the Bill for widening and repairing the High Road from Norihallertony through the Towns of Yhirjk and Easing-wouldy in the County of York% to the City of York, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe9 from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the total Amount of the Sugars imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the British Sugar Colonies, in every Year, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1752, distinguishing the Quantity which has been imported from each Colony: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Exports from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of British refined Sugars, from Christmas 1733, to Christmas 1752: And also,

An Account of the total Amount of the Exports in every Year, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of Mufctrvado Sugars, of the British Produce, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1752.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tides of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of Imports, &c. of Sugars to and from Scotland.

Peebles Mr. Dixon reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. the Petition of Matthew Sharpe, William Johnftony James Veitchy was referred; That the Committee has examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in ac the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Several Members present informed your Committee, That the Road leading from Tweedbope Braefoot, to Yweedjcrojsy where the Two Counties of Dumfries and Peebles join, is in a very ruinous Condition; and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being in that Part of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweedbope Braefooty towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Manchdy and Wheam, and by Linton and Carlops, and from higleft on, through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Twcedfcross to Tweedbope Braefoot.

Vol. 26.

Ordered, That the ingroiBgd Bill, from the Lords, in- Naturalizing tituled, An Act to permit Penons, professing the Jewish Religion, to be naturalized by Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill,forencouraging the Silk Manufactures Silk

of this Kingdom, and securing the Duties payable upon Manufacture: Velvets, wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the^Ticle be.

An Act for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Velvets, wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hardingey according to Order, reported from the Linen Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Manufacture, encouraging and improving the Manufactory of Linen in the Highlands of Scotland, was committed, The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report the House j and

he

804 3’ — 4

he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

4 Cubbingten Mr. Prcrwfe reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosu/c. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commort Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands* in the Parito of Cubbington, in the County of Warwickybas committed 5 That the Committee had gone through thi Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto $ which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Notice being taken, that no mention is made in the Report, of the Parties concerned having given their Consent to the Bill

And the House being informed. That it would be proper for the said Bill to be reconsidered by a Committee;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ound!e An ingossed Bill, for repairing the Road leading from

Road. Oundle, in the County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston, in the County of Huntingdon, from Barnwell, in the said County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum West on aforesaid, and from the Mile Brook at Hamerton, to Wood I,ane End, next the Panto of Great Gliding, in the said County of Huntingdon was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Btil do pass: Arid that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Oundle, in the County or Northampton, to Alconbury cum West on, in the County of Huntingdon, from Barnwell, in the said County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston aforesaid, and from the Mile Brook at Hamerton, to Wood Lane End, next the Parito of Great Gidding, in the said County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ennever’s The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Divorce. Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrofifed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dififolve the Marriage of John Ennever Gentleman, with Mary Cornwell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harvey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harvey reported fronj the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and Evidence, for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeased against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill 5 and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Papirt*’ The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Deeds. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of ProtestantPurchafers, Devisees, and Lefices.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 Regelating The House refymed the further Consideration of the

Aicbuuler<.

5 Mad. ^.1753.

Report fronvthc Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the number of Alehouses in that Pan* of Great Bti~ tain called England, and for the more easy convicting Persons selling Ale, and other Liquors, without Licence* was committed.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Fol. 3. L. 9. (which, upon Monday last was read a Second time) by leaving out the Words u One Shilling,* and inferring the words " Six Pence," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words <c One 0 Shilling" (land Part of the said Amendment.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed^ to by the House.

And then the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second tifne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to alter the time of granring Licences in Towns Corporate.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving to the Two Universities the Privilege of licensing Taverns.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And then several Amendments were made by the '

House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in~ grossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner have Leave to mafce. R Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Rav»non»r Act for vesting the Eft ate of William Rawftorn Esquire, at Bajfeldon, in the County of Berks, in Trustees* to fdl the fame, and to Jay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the.

Uses of his Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secoad time.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act scodamore^ to impower the Guardians of Frances Fitzroy Scudamore, Estate. an Infant, to make Building Leases of her Estate in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 die Maii;

Anno a6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Warburton reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for confirming an Agreement en- Navigation, tered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, within the said Manor, and for explaining j

and amending three several Acts of Parliament, of the j

Sixth, Fourteenth, and , Seventeenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee, was committed That the j

Committee

26 Geo. II.

Mail

' Durham Writ.

Downfall

Writ.

Expiring La'.s j.

Confirming Orders of Justiers in Quorum.

Stockton, &c. Roads.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendment thereunto; which they had direcded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the B*ll, *uth the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question teverally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That M/. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eledling of a Knight of the Shire to terve in this present Parliament, for the County of Durham, in the room of the Honourable Hetvy Vane Esquire* now Lord Barnard, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts* in the room of the Honourable Henry Vane Esquire, who, flnee his fcled ion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward and Bailiff of his Majesty’s Three ChiU. terne Hundreds.ofStoke, Dejborough and Bonenbam, in the County of Bucks.

A Bill for continuing teveral Laws relating to the Pu-. nishment of Persons going armed or difguited in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite, to the Drawback of the Duties upon CopperBars exporDed,frnd to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-Cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exporred and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; was read t* Second time. , '

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refilved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill tQ confirm certain Acts and Orders made by Justices of the Peace, being of the Quorum, notwirhftancj-ing any Defcft in not expressing therein that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum, was read a Second time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Tovrnjhend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thornton, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. hellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. West, Mr. Thombagh, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bowes, Mr. LyfteSir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Hay, Mr. Jenyrs, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Of-vuald, Mr. Prowfiy Mr. lielcbier, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gyb-pon. Sir Charles Keays Tynts, Mr. SanJys, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Bryviun; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’* Clumber.

An ingrossed Bill, for explaining, amending, and making more cffc&ua), Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the aoth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, iBcvuted, An Act for repairing the High I^oad leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Win* Jim to Barnard Caille, in the said County; and the other passed in the and Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Tcrfltancf Powers granted ' Vox, a*

tys.r*i.s

- a

by die said finfl-mentioned Act; and for the effectual amending of the said I^oad; was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effecr tual, Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the aoth* Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Adlfo/ repairing the High Road leading from the Town o(Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and* from thence through Wipftone to Barnard Castle, ill the said County; and the other passed in the aid Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentidqed; Act; and for the effectual amending of the said Road Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the: Lords, and desire their Concurrence. f \ J

An ingrossed Bill for repairing teveral Rpads leac^ng into the City of Glasgow, was read the Third time. . , Refilved\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Titfe be/ An Act for repairing several Roadfc leading inttf'ilte^ity' of Glasgow. :v ’ , 1 ’

Ordered, That Mr. Mure do carry tKelBift to^b^Lo&fs^ and desire their Concurrence. ’ ‘ ‘

» . 1 -. 9 r, j

Mr. Bacon pretented to the House, a&otdfingto Order,. Dirtempet a Bill to explain, amend, and continue an Act, trader in amongst tile 19th Year of the Reign of his presentiJ Majesty? in- #Caltlc* tituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Ruses,

Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages, am^qgft the horned Cattle ip this. Kingdom: And the flfme >yas' received; and read the First time.; ‘ r ‘f

Rejobei, That the Bill be read a Second timp;^ V,

Clafet)nr _ Roidf:n‘a«w

An ingrossed Bil.l,cto prevent Wines imported intcVfV^y Duties of che Qpt-ports of this Kingdom, beiri^afterwardsbrtao^hc Wines, into the Port of London, or Parts adjacertc, Svichout paying the Tendon Duty, was read the Third time. ‘ (

That the Bill do pass: And thdt'thfe'Tifle be^*

An Act to prevent Wines imported into any orlhe Outr ports of this Kingdom, being ascerWards brought into tb,b Port of London, or* Parts adjacent, without paying thi London Duty.

Ordered, That Mri West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. 7 " , , J

on

Hillmor^oh

lnc!ofure

An mgrofled ^ill for dividing and inclosing the Com-

D O , <

mon^ Fields, Common Pastures, Common McadOws, Common Ground, and Wade Ground, in the’Manor and Parish of Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Refilved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titfe'be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, CommonGrounds, and: Wade Ground, in the Manor and Parish oCHillmorton, in the County of Warkvick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deGre their Concurrence. 4 ' i

A Message teom the Lords, by Mr. Spicer, and Mr. Edwards: ‘ \ r /:

Mr. Speaker, v The teotds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stratfidd for confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, Church, and the Redlor of the Church of Stratfield Sea, in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the said Parish’.; and to enable the said George Pitt to take down the present,.and credl a new Parish Church, there; and for making Roads to the said Church; without any Apncndmenti And also,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Srfniogton for confirming and establishingan Exchange, agreed upon Ertbemt between the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stillington, and Stephen Groft Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York y without any Amendment:

Andalfo, ‘ ’

*T

The


8o<¥

4° ‘Mali.

A.

17 53 -

faightley*! The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Valentine Knightley Esquire, in the County of Northampton., in the said Valentine Knightley, and his Heirs, and for settling other Estates in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Longbitton The Lords have pass d a Bill, intituled, An Act for Advowson, veiling the Advowson of Long Ditton, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying put the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mclfengers withdrew.

Window An ingrossed Bill, for the more effectual levying of the Scmthtnil* duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 6. To leave out cc Three," and insert u Four."

L. 8. o. To leave out " for the said Te*r 1754."

L; 11. 1 z. To leave out of and yearly %€ thereafter."

Pr. 6. L. 34. To leave out " for," and insert u to;" and, in the same Line, to leave out l€ of," and insert ,c for." x

Pr. 7. L. 35. To leave out c< single or," and after t- triple," to insert Value."

Pr. 8. L. 18. After " which," to insert " the lame,"

Pr. 11. L. ai. To leave out <c after."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rfolvei, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carrjr the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sdpth Sea The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Re-

Comply, port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fiffiery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company; was committed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Order be postponed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

gfcgS* }*

So ic passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. 2?#rr*//reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and heread the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (B), being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (B), the last Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the Housedo agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f JS’ 2E*

7

49-

lS

£Mr. Coley:

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for taking and register- General ing an annual Account of the total Number of People, and of

of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and Po?u also of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish, and extra-parochial Place in Great Britain;, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Importation next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cam brick* upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Mr. Torke presented to the House, according to Order, Sloanean,&c. a Bill for the Purchase of the Museum or Collection of Sir Collections. Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing one general Repository, for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the Lid Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved., That the Bilj be read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellorof the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Com- Mallor*’ sew mand, acquainted the House,' Tftarif it befbund necessary Street in to enable James Mailers, his Heirs and Assigns, to open Wc w efl and make a new Street from the West Side of King's Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster, through Storey's Passage, and the Gardens behind the Houses situate on the West Side of Delabaye Street, in the same Parish, to the Wall of Saint James's Park, his Majesty, as far as his Interest is concerned therein, confcnrs that this House may make what Provision they shall chink proper for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Colonel Cornwallis have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause or Clauses when the Report shall be received froth the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable James MAlors to pur- ' chafe Houses and Ground, and to exchange other Houses and Grounds between the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, or any other Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, and the said James Mai-tors, and to enable them to grant to the said James Mflllors other Premises, on building Leases, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, in order to open and make a new Street from the W eft Side of King's Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, to the back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, situate on the West Side of Delabaye Street, in the same Parish, was committed; for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs and Soc-cessors, to grant and fell, alien and convey, to the said James Mallors, all or any Ground, Houses, Estates, and Hereditaments, within the Bounds and Limits mentioned in the said Bill, which are the Property of the Crown; or to grant a Lease or Leases thereof to the said James Mallors, fox a certain Term of Years*

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, for encouraging and improving Linen M*n« the Manufactory of Linen in the Highlands of Scotland, was read the Third time*

is Resolved,

i6 Geo. II. 4" — 7

Refilved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging and improving the Manufactory of Linen in the Highlands of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Herding* do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the Xloufc accordingly.

Knighdry’i And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act 1Atc* for vetting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parc of the

keeled Ettace of Valentine Knight/ey Esquire, in the County of Northampton, in the said Valentine Knight/ey, and his Heirs, and for settling other Estate*, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the Fint time.

Rfilved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Long Ditto* And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords,intituled, An Act Adtowioo. fof yetting the Advowson of Long Ditton, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arrfing. pj such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to 'the same Uses, and for other Pui^poses therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Refilved, That tl^e . Bill be read.a Second time.

And chep the House adjourned till Monday Morning near. Nine of the Clock.

Lun&j j* die Maii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

PjLATZRS.

A-MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Lane, and M r.Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

CUadeftidl ' The Lords have paflrd a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Ram*g€#* better preventing of clandedine Marriages 2 To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Wich's Parti- An ingrofKrd Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act turn of Land*. for confirming and establishing a Partition of several Majors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York* belonging to Sir Cyril fVich Baronet, Elizabeth WiHfin, and MaryTurton, respectively, and a Settlement made thereof, Tor the Benefit of the several Parties intitled to the several undivided Shares thereof before such Partition, was read a Second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hump. Howorth, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Salujlury, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Dujpir., Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. West* Mr. Rcbinfin* Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hay. Mr. Ellis, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Prozofi, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. WiL kinfin, Mr. Warier ton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fairfax* Mr. Lewis* Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Drake* Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gybben, Mr. Hcb'yn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gray* Mr. Kynaston* Mr. Gwyun, Mr. Gere* Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Cahert* Mr. Morton, Mr. Bond, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Willes* Mr. Sloper, Mr. Thistlethwayte* Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Ycrke, Mr. Lascelles* Mr. Affleck* Sir John Cnft * and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-morJaud, and Lane after; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pifrmiflg The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotlandi and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for retraining the Life of the Highland Dress \ and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty’s Person and Go-You 26.

’ Maii. 807

vemment, during the unrtaturaf Rebellion \ and for ift-demnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court 6f Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Matters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains,

Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oarhs to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the same; might be read*.

Arid the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain, amend, and continue the Provisions made by Two Acts of Parliament, of the 19th and lift Years of his~Ma-jessy’s Reign, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments, that some time belonged to Alexander Robertfin, of Strowan 5 which, with other forfeited Eltates, are, by an Act of the 25th Year of his^ Majesty's Reign, annexed to the Crown unalienable: And ’ that the Lord Advocate of Scotland* and the Lord Dnppltn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rawdom’# for vetting the Estate late of William Rawftorn Esquire, at Bajfeldon, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to fell the feme, and to lay out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, 10 be settled to the Ufoa of his Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner*

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. or they, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Thornton,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Allgood* Mr. Southwell* Mr. Prozv/e, Mf.

Gray* Mr. Hay, Mr. West, Mr. Ellis* Mr. Robrnjon, Mr.

Lamb(y Mr. Sandys* Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sy~ ,

denham, Mr Lewis, Mr Gore, Mr. Bayntun* Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Barnard, Sir William Courtenay, Sir John Cust* Sir Lynch CottonMr.

Baton* Mr. Fazaktrlcy, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Gwynn* Mr.

Peachey * and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks* IH/ts* Oxford* and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act HeadWs for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles, for E8acc-the Sale of the Manor, or reputed Manor, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at Kexby, in the County of Yot k* late the Estate of Charles Headlam Esquire, do-ceased, and for vesting the undivided Third Parc, or Share, of Arm Headlam Spinster, an Infant, of and in the said Manor rnJ Premises, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the fame, pursuant to the said Articles, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the l>ords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment to which Amend-: ment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple* and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Removing for more effectually pteventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, Ac. Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Eafeof the Fait Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payr able for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Letthley for confirming and establishing an Agreement for indof- Indofur ing and dividing certain Common and Watte Ground, in the Manor of Leatbley, in the County of York'* without any Amendment: And also, v

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Keighley to for repairing, amtochng, and widening the Road from

Keighley* ’

Googh

8o8

*] Mail.

j'75?*

Estate.

Keighley, in the kidingi af th<5 County of Yorks to,

RLirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmorlands without ,^ny Amendment: j^nd also, frtfton tills t The Lords have agreed to the Bill, ir>ritukd> An Act Vmbanr. ‘for laying a Duty of Two £enniesSw/x, or a Swxh Part of a

Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beef, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold, within the Town and Parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, oxhtemk Haddingteun, for repairing the , Harbpur of the said Town; and for other Purposes ifiercjn mentioned; without any Amendment: And aJfo$ ^rain’sEflate The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for in New jer- veiling the Parts, or Shares, late belonging to Bityamin y' . Brain Merchant, deceased, of and in One Twenty fourth

J?art of the Eastern Divisipn of the Province of Nezq Jersey, in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House* And also,

Craigit’* ' The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Craigie, of Dumbamie, Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Perth, and lay out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands i j ' of t^said John Craigie,-in the County of RifJr; and for

* - other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords

desire the Corrcurreince of this House: And also,

Grubbe’s 'The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to im-Leafipg. power William Hunt Grubbe, Esquire> to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Wilts, mi. for vetting the Moiiies arising[by Fines, to be received for such Leases, in ‘ Triittpes, for the Purposes therein mentioned r To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Apd then the Messengers withdrew.

Earl Act- An ingrossed Bill, for enabling the surviving Trustees burn ham S and Executors of Join late Earl of Ashburnham, deceased,

to sell and convey his Ettate at Br ether ton, in the County of Lanca/er, pursuant to the Directions, and for the Pur-‘pofes in iiia Will, was read the Third time.

‘ Refelved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for Sale of an Estate at Bretbcrtoh, in the County of Lancaster] pursuant to the Will of John, late Earl of Ashburnham, deceased, and for the Purposes therein mentionedI.; ....

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Ettate of Edmund Morton Pleydell Esquire, in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to the Marriage of Edmund Morton Pleydell the younger, Esquire, with Anne his Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to-thO fame, without any Amendment.

Pifcovenng Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the Gentlemen,

the Lorgi- .^ho arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-tli c* suant to the Resolution which, upon Wednesday the 2d Day

of this Instant May, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of the Act of the 12 th of Queen Anne, for providing a publick Reward for the Discovery of the Longitude at '* Sea, at relates to the examining, trying, and judging of,

.; Proposals for discovering the said Longitude, and which

was then agreed to by the House, That they do insert in the said Bill a Clause or Clauses, for enlarging the Num* ber of Commissioners for putting the said Act in Exc* cution.

Aloaqean* A Bill for the Purchase of the Museum or Collection of Cohesions. Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manu* feripts; and for providing one general Repoficory, for the tetter Reception, and more convenient Use of the said (iolleftions, and of the Cottonian Library* and of the Additions thereto, was read a Second tin\fc Resolved^ That the Bill be committed

EleydclPs

Ettate.

’ Refelved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning rtext, refbdve itftlf into a Committee of the* whole House, upon the said Bill. . " j'-

An ingrossed Bill, from tire Lortls, Jrtticuied, An Act Manning* for Sale of the undivided Moieties of divers Manors, Lftate.-Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, the ffttled Ettate of Matthew Manning, Efoftor in Phvfick,

Tor railing Money to dischargfc a Mortgage Debt affecting the fame, and for laying out The Surplus thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the iJfes therein mentioned, was read a Second time. 1 \

Resolved, Hhilt the Bill1 be committed to Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Prowse, fAr,

Bold, Mr; Kynaston, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Potter,

Mr. SydenhamMr. Thornbagb, Mr. Wilkuifon, Mr. Sar lufbury, Sir ChOrlesKemys Tynte, Mr. iVef, Lord Dupp/in,

.Mr* Reynolds, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Charlton f Mr. Gore, Mr, Gray, Mr. Barber, ML Pitt, Mr. Fahjak,

Mr. Ord, Mr. Rid,'ey. Sir Walter Blackett, 'Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Bowes] Mr. Lambtori, Mr. Tempi/, Mr.

Heeyi Mr. FeUowes, Mr.' Sandy s, Mr. Lascelles, Mr; Halt,

Mr. Godolphin, Sir Lynch CottonSir John Cuff Mf.

Lane, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Walpole, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Peachey, Mr. feforton,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ceityers, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Wiliam Courtenay, Lord Digby, Mr. Vyner, Sir Richard Wrottefiey; and all the Members who fetvc for--the Counties of Suffolk, Fffex, and Norfolk And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. ' /

;t a

A Bill to amend, and render more' effectual, therDaws Statotp-wark relating to the Six Day^ iWprk on the: highways, apdifor on High*' the better preventing of Annoyances upon the Highways ways* was read a Second time.

Resolve/^ Thflt^he Bill be committed Hay,iMr.

Bacon, Mr. lyilkinfon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Prowse, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, JSlr^Lyster, Mr. Bowes,. Mt.

Ellis, Mr. LambtonMr. P^r, Mr. Doyjdefwell, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Robtnjbn, Mr. Berkeleys Mr,

Hardinge, Mr. Ridley, Mr. %Sandys* Mn Gwynn, Sir WiL- .

Ham Yonge, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gybbon? x $ir John Cuff, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Pelham, Mr, Nprtbcy, Mr. QayJey,

Gore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hale, Mr, SJrelley, Mrs Gray, Colq^fll Abercrombie, Sir Charles Krnys Tyntet jEolooel Bofia&en,

Mr. Allgood, Sir Thomas P^ofiyn, Mr. Nugent, Mr. &r'-gifon, Mr. Newnbam, Mr, Bayntun, Mr. Saluflury, od\lr*

Vyner, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Chprlton, Mr.

Burrell, Sir Francis Drakes Mr* Pitt, Mr. Warburion,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Muir, Mr. Cqoke, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Cornwallisy Sir Edmund JJbam, Mr. Walpole, General Vg/ethorpe, JS\t. Qfwald§

Lord Dupplin, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Lond Dfgby, Lord George Sackville, Mr^Dixon, Mr. Owen^ $ir William Courtenay, Mr. Myddieton, Mr. Affleck, Sir Lionel Pilkington,

Lord Verney, Mr. Alderman Baker, Colonel A*court, Mrv Thomas Gore, Mr. Dumtner, Commodore Weff -Sir John Peachey, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. xBeaghant Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Powney: Apc^xhcy arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. , - \ ±

. ‘ ‘sV '

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hogseto Supply Bilh resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon sinking the Bill for granting a certain Sum of Money out of the Fun<i*^ Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1753.

Ordered, That the said Orderjbe postponed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to NAtarahtlr permit Persona professing the Jewish Religion to be na-

tuxaliaed

2 6 Geo. II. 70 — 8 %M809

turalized by Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,

{ Lord Dupplin> X

I Mr. Nilgent: s

S Sir John Barnard,

Mr. Nor they:

95-

16.

So it was ref)lved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/ohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, refolvjr itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read.

Importation Rcfohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Ca IT'k' rtdolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House. upon m nc # the Bill fur the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

The postponed Order of the Day being read,

S«pply Bill; Refclvcdy That this House will, upon Wednesdn.y Morn-SinkingFuod. ing nexr, refalvc it.'eif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1753.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjler have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Bnin,» And an ^grossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled. An

KiUcem Act for vesting the Parts or Shares, late belonging to New Jersey. Benjamin Brain Merchant, deceased, of and in One T wtnry-fourth Part of die Eastern Division of the Province of New strjey, in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lxfer have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Grabbed And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Leafing. Act to empower IViltiam Hunt Grubhe Esquire, to make Leases of certain Estates in the county of IVilts, and for vetting the Monies arising by Fines, 10 be received for such Leases, in Trtittees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Mail;

Arno 26* Georgii I!11 Regis, 1753.

IJR AVE R S.

River Cart f\RDLRLD> That the Order of the Day, for receiving Navigation. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty of I wo Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part ot a Peny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or iold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart, and for other Purposes, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordeudy That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Confirming Sir Francis Drake reported from the Committee, to Order* of whom the Bill to confirm certain Acts and Orders made by

1 Justice* m

feJOrum. . VoL. 26.


Justices of the Peace, being of the Quorum, notwithstanding any Defect in not expressing therein that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the'Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed B ill, for confirming an Agreement entered Pee

into between the Company of Proprietors of the Under- baviSauon« taking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the Kiver Dee, and Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarderty and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor; and for explaining and amending rl hree several Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth. Fourteenth, and Seventeenth Years, of his present Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and preservingtfhe Navigation of the said River Dee% was read the Third* time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Deey and Sir John Glymte Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden> and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor, and for explaining and amending Three several Acts of Parliament of the Sixth, Fourteenth, and Seventeenth Years, of his present Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee.

Ordered, That Mr. Warburton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, FiHiead,&c. to whom the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, Roads, the fevtTal Roads leading from the Red Post> in the Parish of Fivebeady where the Taunton Turnpike Ends, through the Parish of Curry Rivell, the Towns of Langport and Sorr.ettoVy to Butwell, near the Bottom of Almsford Hill; and also from the Bell Ittn, in Curry Rivell aforesaid, to Puckington Lane; and from Cary Bridge, in the Parish of Somerton, to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment^, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and (except one of them, which was disagreed to) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, byiniercing after the Word "pdfes," in Fol. 20, I, j, these Words, " nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken " for any Sheep or Lambs going to, or returning from, u any Fair, at the Town of Scme>ton> or to or from any " of the Markets there, on the Day or Days on which " such Fair, or such Markets, shall be holden, or on <€ the Day preceding or following the fame/'

And the Question being put, That those Words be inferred after the Word " pafles,*’ in Fol 20, L. 3.;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeavj^JJ

XT { Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,7 NoeS’t Mr. Prow/e: j

Ttllers for the So it was resolved in the Affirmative

69.

49-

9 U

And

Low*

Divorce.

CUndestine

Marriages.

Pipifts*

Deeds.

General Register of Population.

810

8° — 9" Mali.

A. 1753.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords,by Mr. Lane%and Mr. Waple: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Low Esquire, with Elizabeth Rogers, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, wa& read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Ojjler of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill, for taking and regHlering an annual Account of the total Number of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from tvery Parish and extra-parochial Place in Great Britain.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be now read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

57-

for d*

for *, } ,7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to Cities and Towns Corporate, which arc Counties of themselves.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for limiting a certain Term of Years for the caking of the Number of the People.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up*

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 8. L. 10. After " their," to insert cc publick," and, in the same Line, to leave out " in London "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out from the Word " Pulpit,*’ in Pr. 24, L. 30, to the End of the Clause in Pr. 25, L. 31.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon that Part of the Clause was taken out of the Bill accordingly; some of the Words being erased, and the Remainder cut off at the Tabic.

Rejbhed\ That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for taking and registering an annual Account of the total Number of People, and of the total Number of Marriages, Births, and Deaths; and also of the total Number of Poor receiving Alms from every Parish and extra-parochial Place, In Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Rotter do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Importitioi rcfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Caia^ricks4 the Bill for the more cfftctual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Laws.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuric 90 dk Mali;

Anno a6* Georgii Il4i Regis, 1753.

Pr AVERS.

C'lOLONEL Cornwallis reported from the Com- MalW > mittee, to whom the Bill to enable James Mallors to purchase Houses and Ground, and to exchange other wdlraiQfter’ Houses and Grounds between the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, or any other Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, and the said James Mallors; and to enable them to grant to the said James Mallors other Premises, on building Leafea, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, in order to open and make a new Street from the West Side of Kings Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret^ Westminster, to the Back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, situate on the West Side of Delabaye Street, in the same Parish; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de^. livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the Crown to fell or convey its Eftace and Interest in any Houses or Ground, within the Limits mentioned in the Bill, or to grant Leases thereof, for a Term of Years.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the QuueuV North Queens Ferry, through the Towns of Inver keitbing Perry, & and Kinross, to the Town of Perth 5 and also the Road from the said Queens Ferry, through the Towns of Dunfermline and Torrybum, to the Town of Culrofs; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.* L* In the Lift of Commissioners, to insert "Colonel James Cochrane, Major Thomas Cochrane, Captain of Patrick Preston, Laurence Johnfton of Middlegrange> 1

" Ja^es Johnston of Middlegrange, Robert Cuming of,

€t Birkenhead, Robert Halkerlion ot Cafcardo, junior, John <c Dalgeifh of Westgrange.*

Pr. 32. L. 24. To leave out " Tax Roll/* and insert CefsBogk.*

And ]

Philpot’f Debi to tko Crow*.

Low's

Divorce,

Sooth Sea Company.

16 Geo. II. 90

And the said Amendment! were, upofl the Qpeftion Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House I And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsi And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of hnerkeitbing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, to the Towns of DumfermUne, Terryburn, and Cnlrofs; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry* through Inverkeithing, to Brmtistand and Kir-' caldie.

Ordered, That the Lord John Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Jehu Philpet, on behalf of himself, and John Hutchinson and Thomas Hewit, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner hath been, for many Years, a considerable Dealer in the Tobacco Trade, and for about Six Years part hath continued the said Trade with the said John Hutchinson; and that the Petitioner and his said Partner, having suffered by great and unavoidable Lodes in their T radc, became considerably indebted upon several Bonds given to his Majesty for the Ctistoms and other Duties on Tobacco; and although the Petit oner and his said Partner have, from time to time, paid considerable Sums towards Discharge of the said Duties, they are ftiU Debtors to his Majesty on account of the said Duties, as appears by the Report of the proper Officers annexed to the Petition; and that such Lodes greatly reduced the Petitioner and his said Partner in their Circumstances, whereby they became considerably indebted to sundry other Persons, and, being unable to pay them their Debts, a CommifLon of Bankruptcy ififued out, and also a Process of Extent, against them, and the said Thomas Hewit and Edward Lee (who is since dead insolvent) their Sureties for Recovery of the said Debt to his Majesty; and that the Petitioner and his said Partner, and the said Thomas Hewit, are utterly unable to satisfy the said Debt, but are willing to make his Majesty the utmost Satisfaction in their Power, and hope, by the Assistance of their Friends, they may be enabled to compound the said Debt, if they may be permitted so to do: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give Leave, That a Clause or Clauses maybe inserted in some Bill, to impower the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time ocing, to compound with the Petitioner and his said Partner, and Surety, for the said Debt; or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, That the Housetnay do therein as they shall think fir.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Corporation of the Governor an4 Company of Merchants of Great Britdm trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encoui aging the Fiftiery, and for regulating the Ele&iort of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Bourchier Wrey reported from the Committee, to AMerfgaw whom the Bill to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands, in the Parish of Saint Bololph, Aldersgate, in the City of London, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 1 and he read the Report in hia Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken Into Consider* ation, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according famaidi to Order, a Bill for the better peopling of the island of Colony. Jamaica with white Inhabitants, for encouraging the Cultivation of Lands at present uncultivated in that island, and for making a proper Distribution of fudh Lands: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Number of Ale- Re; houses in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more easy convicting Persons selling Ale an4 other Liquors without Licence, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill* by way of Rider, for permitting the Inhabitants of the Parish, where any offence against this Act shall be committed, to give Evidence.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon ther Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.;

Pr. 1. L. last but One, To leave out€t each.’*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the manner of licensing Ale-houses in that Parc of Great Britain called England\ and for the more easy convicting Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without Licence.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diflolvc the Marriage of Samuel Low Esquire, with Elizabeth Rogers his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing the Number of Directors oLthc

Vol. 26*

Sir Danvers Osborne reported from the Committee, to Jeky1I*s whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Eftaie-Act for vesting the undivided Twelfth Part of Ann Jehll an Infant, in the real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knighc, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clcik’s Table.

Mr. Clraland presented to the House, according to Or- Discovering der, a Bill to render more effectual an Act,-made in the the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Longitude*

12 intituled.

&13

9° — I o' Maii. A. 1753.

intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Deeds. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers* Devisees, and Lessees, was committed, The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to teveral of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gross'cd.

Confirming An ingrossed Bill to confirm certain Acts and Orders

hiftiYesta ma<fc byjullices of the Peace, being of the Quorum,

Quorum. notwithstanding any Defect in not- expressing the rein, that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum, was read the Third time.

Re/ulvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm certain Acts and Orders made by Justices of the Peace, being of the Quorum, notwithstanding any Defect in not expressing the rein, that such Justices ofethe Peace are of the Quorum/ -*

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake do carry the Bill to tlxS Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Reading A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Order* of That the other Orders of the Day be ^now read; the Day. The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thercun.o subscribed, on-behalf of themselves, and all other the Merchants and Dealers in Linen in Great Britain, was preftnted to the House, and read; alleging, That the Lid Bill, if passed into a Law, will lay very, great Hardships and Difficulties upon the fair Trader, without restraining the infamous Practice of smuggling, or the several other illicit Means by which the Acts for prohibiting the Importation and Wear of Cambricks and French Lawns have been hitherto eluded: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Pafling of the said Bill into a Law.

The Names subscribed to the said Petition were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Gommittee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Then the House retolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. 1

Mr. Speaker left ihe Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugent reportedfiom the Committee, That they had made some Progrels in the hilh and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The.Order made this Day, for taking into Consider- AJ&rfgate ation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Church, to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands, in the Parish of Saint Botclph, Aldersgate in the City of London, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish, was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon, the Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Tellers for the Yea; \

’{Mr. Bacon: J

28.

Tellers for the Noes,* r.^Mbttrjh’ \ 2?-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Importation And the Order of the Day being read for the House to of Sugar, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bnflol, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Supply Bill;. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Sin king Fundi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1753.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Importation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-

Cambricks ^vc *nt0 a Committee the whole House, upon

1 the Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Maiiy

h Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from Accounts of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, export, &c. attended at the Door; r of Foreign

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to1 the Scotland?* House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all foreign Linens exported frbm that Part oi Great Britain called Scotland to the British 'J ' Plantations, from Christmas 1743, to ‘Chrijhnas 175-2, inclusive; distinguisliingeach Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1752, inclusive; dist each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Commirteeof the whole House, to whom-ic is referred to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

The

Importation

of

Cambricks.

Kragbtley's

Alderfgrte Chore h.

NorthjJkf.

*>» Road.


26 Geo. II. 10° Mail 813

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of the City of Bristol\ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill depending in the House, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, should pass into a Law, it will be a great Discouragement to the fair Trader and the Manufactures of thefe Kingdoms, without remedying the Evil intended lobe prevented thereby: and therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petirion do’lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate o{Valentine Knightley Esquire, in the County of Northampton, in the said Valentine Knightley, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Burrell\ Mr. Kynaston, Mr1. Charlton, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. War bur ten, Mr. Gray, Mr West, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Salu/bury, Mr Lyster, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fazakeriey, Mr. Torke, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Ridley, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkin* Jon, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Neale, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Serglon, Mr. harbor, Mr. Pottos'Sir Charles Kemys T\nte, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Dowdejwell, Sir John Rujbcut, Mr. Fane, ^Mr. Taylor, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. JJoblyn, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Best, Mr. Drake, Sir John Cust, Mr. VPHJon, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cooke, Sir Edmund Thomas, Colonel A'ceurt, Mr. Morton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, Warwick, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into ConfiJeration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Jiiil to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands, in the Parish of Saint Botclpb, Aldersgate, in the City of London, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled!

An ingrossed Bill for widening and repairing the High Hoad from Northallerton, through the Towns of Thirsk and Eafingwould, in the County of Turk, to the City of York; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.* . L.# . In the Lid of Commissioners insert " the 4< Reverend Doctor Blackburn, Archdeacon of Cleveland, 4t John Hutton junior, Esquire, Captain Lawrence, John Murray Esquire, John Torke junior, Esquire."

VOL. 26.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wail of the Church yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwould, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton-stone, near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Toplff, in Lhe North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, made Expiring in the 4th and 5th Year of, the Reign of Queen Anne, in- aws* tituled. An Act for laying further Duties on Low Wines; and for preventing the Damage to her Majesty’s Revenue, by Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone; and for making some provisions as to the (lamp Duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials, and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets; and for enabling her Majesty to dispose the Effects of William Kidd, a notorious Pirate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and for appropriating the public Monies granted in this Session of Parliament, as relates to the Salt Duties; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the Punishment of Persons going aimed, ordifguised, in Defiance of the Laws or Customsof Ex-eife, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, ard to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for raking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies ia America; is commited; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for vacating the Security given for the Duty on Salt loft in carrying the same down any River, in order to be shipped, or loft in any Port after the same shall be shipped; and aKo for enlarging the Time allowed by an Act of the 4th and 5 th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for proving the Loss of any Salt whereon the Duties shall have been paid or secured.

The House was also moved, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third-Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1750; and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, as Part of the Supply of the said Year; and for the application of certain Savings in the Hands of the Pavmalier General; and for obviating a Doubt in an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the First, in respect to the Payment of certain Annuities thereby granted for the Improvement of Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland i and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and forgiving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for transferring the Bounties now payable upon the Exportation of British Sail-cloth to the Customs; and for enforcing the Laws against the clandestine Importation of Soap, Candles, and Starch, into this Kingdom; as relates to the Importation of Soap, Candles, and Starch; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

CWtra/, Thatitbean Instruction to the said Committee,

That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the Relief of Masters of Ships, prosecutrd upon an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign for importing Candles, Soap, or Starch, contrary to the said Act, in case such Candles, Soap, or Starch, shall appear to have been put on board without the Knowlege of such Masters.

A Mcffagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spiceri

9 X Mr.*

Ounvtle

Road.

Ipswich, 5cc. Roads.

Old-fiirctt Road.

Greenwich Poor, See.

Ashhy de la Zouch Road.

Pipers Inn, Sec. Road.

Dnnihurch

Road.

Doncaster

Roads.

levant

Trade.

Headlamps

Estate.

Shipton Maler, Sec. Roads.

814 io Mali. 1753.

Mr. Speaker, # chester, in the County of Somerset* without any Amend-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ment: And also,

for repairing the Road leading from Oundle, in the County The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kighlcy, kz. of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston, in the County for repairing and widening the Roads from Kigbley to of Huntingdon, from Barnwell, in the said County of Wakefield and Halifax* and from Dudley Hill to Killing-Northampton, to Alconbury cum Wefion aforesaid; and ball* and the South West Corner of Iiarrowgate In-from The Mve Brook, in Hammer ton, to Wood Lane End closures; and more tffcftually to repair the Roads from nexc the Parish of Great Gidding, in the said County of Leeds to Halifax, and Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also, Lane; and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf at

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act Poole* in the West Riding of the County of York $ with-

for continuing and making more effectual Two Affs of out any Amendment: And also.

Parliament for repairing the Road leading from Ipswich The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spann to Cleydon, in the County of Suffolk, and other Roads in for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy* Smithy, arc. the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from in the Township of Qltou* through the Town of Middle* Roads* Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenham Beacon* in the said wich, and by Spittle Hill, in Stantbome* to Winsford County; without any Amendment: And also, Bridge* and from Spittle Hill to the Town of North-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wich* in the County Palatine of Chester* without any for repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End Amendment: And also,

near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Old Street, and through Old Street, in the Parifo of Saint railing Money by Sale of the Estates, late of Hugh E atc* Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street Fowler of Robeftone, in the County of Pembroke, Esquire, next the Pavement in GoswellStreet* without any Amend- deceased* to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances af-ment: And also, fefting the fame; and for making a Partition of such

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold for the

for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and for repairing the Highwaysand cleansing the Streets thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester* through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to The Cock in Tutbury, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Pa:ifh o( Ashcott, in the County of Sornerfiet, to and through Glafion, otherwise Glafronbury, and Wells, to the Direction or White Post in the great Western Road, to the City of Bath; and also from Wells to Rush-hill, leading to the City of Bristol* without any. Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the County of Warwick; and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meriden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, pafifed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Weatberby* and from thence to Borough-bridge, in the County of York without any Amendment: And also,

T he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles for the Sale of the Manor or reputed Manor, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at Kexby, in the County of York, late the Estate of Charles Headlam Esquire, deceased; and for veiling the undivided Third Part or Share of Ann Headlam Spinster, an Infant, of and in the said Manor and Piemifes, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the fame, pursuant to the said Articles; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shipton Malet and Ivel-

Purposes aforesaid: To which the Lords desire the Con* currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ennevert to distblve the Marriage of John Ennever Gentleman, Dlvwcc-with Mary Cornwell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed1 to the same without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hoi*fe to Philpot’i resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- to fider of the Petition of John Philpot* on behalf of himself rown* and John Hut chiffon, and Thomas Hew it; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Commicree.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter of the said Petiton, and had directed him to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchiffon, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

And Mr. West moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchiffon* and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco: And that Mr. West*S\vJohn Barnard, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the Amendment and Preservation preservJ of the publick Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more cf effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; was read -Highwf the Third time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the I

Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George I.

the First, intituled, An Act for preventing the Carriage 1 of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within Ten Miles of the C ities of London *nd Westminster* might be read. ]

4 And I

16 Geo. II.

io

n

Mail

8«S

And the same being read accordingly;

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Rider, for exempting Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth directed by this Act, from the Forfeitures inflicted by the said Act of the Sixth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Carriages, having the Fellies Nine Inches broad, to be drawn by a greater Number of Horses than are now allowed by Law.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider. The Amendments following were severally proposed to

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Fowler* Act for raising Money by Sale of the Estates, late of Estate* Hugh Fowler, of Robeftone, in the County of Pembroke, Esquire, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for making & Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 1i die Maii;

*753*

be made to the Bill i L. 8. To

VIZ.

leave

out " Four," and insert

After to" to insert " be."

After c< erected," to insert c< or to be

Pr. 4.

* Five."

Pr. 6. L. last but one. After <c respectively" to insert «< lie."

Pr.7. L.

Pr. 8. L. 14.

« erected "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bril was amended at the fable accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and die Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Gray: i General Oglethorpe,

( Mr. Beiciter:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Reflved, That the Title be. An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for the more effecto .1 Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Fazakerley, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defrre their Concurrence.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

4T*

>3-

Expiring l»wi.

Importation

of

Cambricks.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve irlelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bril for continuing several Laws relating to the Punishment of Persons going armed or dif^uifed, in Defiance of the Laws of Custom or Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America;

Rejohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House rclolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conficter further of the Bill for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, That they had gone tnrotigh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Scvennight. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Owen have Leave to make a

Motion, it being after Six of the Clock*

Vol. a6. ,4

Anno *6° Georgii IF1 Regis,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Long Ditto# for veiling the Advowson of Long Litton, in the Advowson. County of Surry, in Trustees, to be sold; and for lay ing out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Mr. thetwynd\ Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr, Hay, Mr.

Taylor, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Gray. General Oglethorpe, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Wilbra-bam, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nor-they. Sir Bourchter Wrey, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Bond, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Sergtfon, Mr. Cocks, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir John Cut, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Con oily, Mr,

Salufbury, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Leslie, Mr.

Hi lies, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Morton, Colonel Com-wallis, Mr. Campbell, Lord Dupplin, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Hunt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ord, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Captain Sanders, Colonel Leighton, Sir William Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. Muir, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr.

West, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Dtck/on, Mr. Alderman Betbell, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Richards, Mr.

Belchier, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Cornewnll-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Middlesex, Essex, Sussex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bil, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scudamore* to impower the Guardians of Frances Fitzroy Scudamore, £state* an Infant, to make Building Leases of her ElUte, in Southwark, in the County of Sumy, was read a Second time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Drake, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Muir, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Goldolpbin, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Dicifon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wiiles, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Tracey,

Mr. Wiiklnjon, Mr. Torke, Sir John Cust, Mr. Thornton,

Sir Francis Poole, General Oglethorpe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lewis, Mr, Salufbury, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Henry Erskine, Sir George Lee,

Lord Verney, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Hump. Howorth, bir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Martin, Sir John Saville, Colonel A'court, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Belchier,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Shelley, Sir Richard IVrottefley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry and Hereford, bnd for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brain’s Eftatt for veiling the Parts of Shares, lace belonging to Benjamin l"

Brain N€W Jcrejr'

e

Importation

of

Cambricki.

Ditto.

Caigic’s

Estate.

Flandering

Shipwrecks,

Digging Materials J repairing Highways.

816 1\° Mail. A. 1753.

Brain Merchant, deceased, of and in One Twenty-fourch Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other Materials, on Part of the Eastern Divisipn of the Province of New the several Commons and waste Grounds within this Jersey, in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Pur- Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways, and for poses therein mentioned; was read a Second time. other Purposes: And the same was received; and read

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Lyster, the First time.

Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sydenham, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Francis Drake, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Robinson, Mr, West, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hardinge, ' Mr. West presented to the’ House, according to Order, Philpot’s

Mr, Fellozves, Mr. Mortpn, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office Debt to the Gray, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. of Treasurer of his Majesty’s, Exchequer, or the Lord C:owlL Gwyim, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Cooke General Oglethorpe, High Treafdrer, for the Time being, to compound with j Mr. Prowje, Mr. Ridley#]Mr. Fazakerley, Colonel Corn- John Philpot, and John Hutchinfony and their Sureties, ar wallis, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Willesy Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco: And Mr. Lafcellesy Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fane, Lord Duppliny the same was received; arid read the First: time. t Mr. GrenvtLe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wilson, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. . j

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bond, Mr. Ailgood, Mr. Fay lor, Mr.

Alderman Bethell, Sir Hump. Haworth, 'Mr. Lyttelton, An ingrossed Bill to enable James Mallors to purchase Mallors’new

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Salujhury, Sir Lynch Cotton, Houses and Ground, and to exchange other Houses and Mr. Owen* Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hunt, Sir Grounds between the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate ;Wc er* John Saville, Mr. Balfour, Colonel A 'court, Mr. Dickson, Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, or any other Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, M.r. Chester, Mr. Greatheed, Bodies Coporate or Collegiate, and the said James Mai->

Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lambton, Mr. lors 5 and to enable them to grant to the said Mal-

Gajhry, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir William Beauchamp Pro ft or, Mr. lors other Premises, on building Leases,'for. a longer

Chetwynd, Mr. Brand, Captain Sanders, Mr. Conolly: Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

And chcy are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the in order to open and make a new Street from the Weil

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Side of King Street, in the Parish o f Saint Margaret Westminster, to the Back Parc of the House?, Gardens, and A Petition of the Linen Drapers within the Borough Yards, situate on the West: Side of Dclchay Street, in the of Reading, in the County of Berks, whose Names are same Parish; was read' the Third time, thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all The Amendment following was proposed to be made other Dealers inLinen in Great Britain: And also, to the Bill; viz.

A Petition of the Gentleman, Merchants, and Dealers in Pr. 14. L. 30. After cc any" to insert<c other."

Linen,of the Town of Preston, in the County of Lancaster: And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

Were severally prefenced to the House, and read; ie- put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill verally alleging, That, should the Bill now depend- was amended at the Table accordingly*.. 1 - -

ing in the House, for the more effectual preventing ’ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French An Act to enable James Mallors to open a Street from Lawns, pass into a Law, it will lay the fair Trader the West Side of King Street, in the Parish of Saint under great Hardships and Difficulties, without re- Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the Back Part draining the infamous Practice of Smuggling, and of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, on the West Side-, the many other Methods clandestinely used, by of Delab ay Street, in the same Parish; and for other which the Acts for prohibiting the Importation and Purposes therein mentioned.

Wear of Cambricks and French Lawns have been Ordered, That Colonel Cornwallis do carry the Bill to

hitherto eluded: And therefore expressing the Hope the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, of the T'ctitioners, That the said Bill may not pass

inco a Law i and that the House will take the same An ingrossed Bill to enable the Owners of Houses and Aldersgate of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them Lands in the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldtrjgate, in the Church* such Relief in the Premifesas shall be moftreasonabje. City of London, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish i upon the Table, until the Report shall be received from was read the Third time.

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill was committed. be, An Act to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands,

in the Parish of Saint Botolph, without Aldersgate, and the An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple be-to enable John Craigis of Dumbarnie, Esquire, to fell' longing to the said Parish.

Lands in the County of Perth, and lay out the Money Ordered, That Sir Bourchier Wrey do carry the Bill to arising the reby, in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, other Lands of the said John Craigie, in the County of

Fife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; read the First time. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. upon the Bill for granting a certain Sum of Money out

oi the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Surplus A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer, and Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the service of the Mr. Montagu: Year 1753; be now read.

Mr. Speaker, And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or mitcee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of detain shipwrecked Goods; and for the Relief of Persons Appropriation.

suffering Losses thereby; with One Amendment: To The House was moved, That the Account of the Sums which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of of 3/. 10 Shillings per Cent. Annuities, transferable at this House. the Bank of England, which have been subscribed pur-

And then the Messengers withdrew. suant to an Act of the last Sdfion of Parliament, for con-

vesting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, joint Stocks of Annuities, &c. might be read, r a Bill for the Preventing of the Inconveniences and Dan- And the same was read accordingly,

gers that may arise from the present Methods of digging The House was also moved, That the Account of the

Sums

26 Geo. II. \C Mail 817

Sums of £.3. per Cent. Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, which have been subscribed pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several joint Stocks of Annuities-, (Ac. and of One other Act of this present Session, for prolonging the Time of subscribing, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for enlarging the Time for the Subscription of Annuities, afeer the Rateof^.3. 10 ShillingsCentumper Annum,2Li\d forfur-ther enlarging the Time for the Subscription of Annuities after the Rate of £.3. per Centum per Annum, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the several other Annuities therein mentioned into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the South Sea Iloufc.

Ordered, That the said last mentioned Accounts be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved icfelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hotife will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Nelme, Ac- Receipts, &e. comptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, at- *he Britishi tended at the Door; Society

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, commencing 19 December 1751, O. S. and ending 30 December 1752.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amengft the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Discovering 1 2th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Longi-

intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such lu c* Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Kxperiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act; was read a Second time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe.

Rfolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

Mr. Dixon reported from the Committee, to whom Peeblei the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads in Roads.

WcHwinder Lieutenant General Oglethorpe presented to the House, Pacing. according to Order, a Bill for the more e fie ft u ally putting in Execution the Laws for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, and Streets adjacent, not being within the said City: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sratutf-vrork Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom-the onHighways. Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Six Days Work on the Highways; and for the better preventing of Annoyances upon the Highways, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent damaging the Highways, by turning Ploughs thereon.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,to oblige Persons keeping Teams, and not occupying Lands of Ten Pounds annual Rent, to do V/ork Six Days with such Teams, and directing in what Proportions Persons occupying Lands in one Parish, and keeping Teams in another, shall be liable to work with such Teams in the Parish where they are kept.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Parc of the Bill:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

VOL. 26.

the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed-hope Brae-foot, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge,

La Mancha, and Wheam, and by Linton and Car lops, and from Inglefloun, through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grubbed to impower William Hunt Grubbe Esquire, ro make LeafinS* Leases of certain Estates, in the County of Wilts; and for veiling the Monies arising by Fines to be received for such Leases, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lytter, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Bend, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Nor they, Mr. Dickson, Mr. Warburtcn, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Muir, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hardirge.

Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prcblor, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr.

Bugden, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Yorke, Mr. ICilfun, Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Taylor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sandys, Sir Humph. Haworth,

Mr. Lyttelton, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Wilkin-fen, Mr. Lewis, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Owen, Sir Bourckur Wrey, Mr. Morton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Jolliffe, Colonel A'court, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Townshend, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Hanger,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Nugent, Lord Strange, Mr. Shelley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Drjcn, and Dorset: And they are to 9 Y meet

e

818 ii° — 140 Maii. 1753.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sloancan, &c. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-

Colle£hons. pQjve jtfc]f into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library j and of the Additions thereto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon W’ednesday Morning next, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

River Cart The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Re-

Navigation. port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth-parc of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes; was committed.

A Petition of several Heritors and BurgdTes of the Town of Paifey was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are fully convinced of the great Utility of the several Works proposed by the said Bill to be done, and of the Insufficiency of the publick Revenue of the Town to perform them: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be received.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 18th Day of April last, for hearing Counsel upon the Petition of John Snodgrass, fames Alexander, Thomas Kerr,

William Alexander, and Gavin R%a!fton, Makfters, in Paisley, for themselves, and in the Name and Behalf of their Condiments, Heritors and Burgesses of the Burgh of Paisley, conform to their Commission of Power of Attorney, to the said Petition annexed, against the said Bill, when the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, should be received, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Then Mr. Muir reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; andafrerwardsdelivered the Bill, wirh the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Snodgrass, James Alexander, Thomas Kerr, William Alexander, and Gavin Rialston, Maltsters, in Paifey, for themselves, and in the Name and Behalf of their Constituents, Heritors and Burgesses of the Burgh of Pa fey, conform to their Commission of Power of Attorney, to the said Petition annexed, do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time 5 and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time, upon this Day Seven-night, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Expiring Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs cr Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 140 die Maii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

PR AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Low’s to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Low Esquire, ^lvorce* with Elizabeth Regers his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also. That they do hear Counlcl, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Wicnefies.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Pln^erng Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Sh.pwrcch. An Act for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain (hipwrecked Goods, and for the Relief of Persons suffering Losses thereby.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Proviso marked (A).

(A) Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The laid Amendment was read a Second time 5 and, being an ingrossed Proviso, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thar Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Alien:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Queen’s for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, Ferry» through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Road> Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn, and Cul~ ross; and also the Road from the said Queen s Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Brunt f and and Kircaldie j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act NortMler-for widening and repairing the Road leading from North- l0® Road-allerton to the South Wall of the Church-yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk a fore said, to and through the Town of Eafingwold, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton-stone, near the City of Fork; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act CornBour for allowing Interest upon certain Debentures for the

Bounty

16 Geo. II.

Mali.

819

Duties on Wines.

Window Duties in Scotland.

Silk Manufacture.

Linen Manufacture.

Stockton, k c. Roads.

Dee Navigation.

Glasgo*

Roids.

MeynelTa

EiUie.

Ditto.

Statate-work on Highway*.

Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn; without any Amendment: And also,

The Loids have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Wines imported into any of the Out-Ports of this Kingdom, being afterwards brought into the Port of London, or Parrs adjacent, without paying the London Duty; wirhouc any Amendment: And also.

The Lord* have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in chat Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agieed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Velvets, wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging and improving the Manufactory of Linen in the Highlands of Scotland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for tx} lamin'*, amending, and making more elfcftual, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Twentieth Y^ar of his present M.ijc-fty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repaying the High Hoad leading from tr.e Town of Sue Jon upon Tees, in the County of Durham, to Da'ling-ten, and from thence, through Wirt; one, to Bernard Castle, in the said County; and the other pjfied in the Twenty-lccond Year of his fuid Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act and for the cftVftual amending of the Paid Roads; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Ha-warden. and several Freeholders and Occupiers of I^and within the said Manor* and for explaining and amending Three several Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth, Fourteenth, and Seventeenth, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said Riv^r Dce\ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow i without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Will of Littleton Pointz Meynell Esquire, deccafcd; and for making Provision for Godfrey Meynell Esquire, hi- ekieft Son and Heir, and Judith Meynell his Daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his Second Son and Devifce, to make a Jointure during his Minority; and for settling the Estates of the said Littleton Pointz Meynell to the Uses therein mentioned: To which the Lords dtfire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Aleffengejs withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Will of Littleton Pointz Meynell Esquire, deceased; 2nd for making Provision for Godfrey Meynell Esquire, his eldest Son and Heir, and Judith Meynell his Daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his Second Son and Devisee, to make a Jointure during his Minority; and for settling the Estates of the said Littleton Pointz Meynell to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Six Days Work on the Highways; and for tlje better preventing of Annoyances upon the Highways; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws Vol. 26.

relating to the Six Days Work on the Highways; and for the better preventing of Annoyances upon the Highways.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act JekylVt for veiling the undivided Twelfth Part of Ann Jekyll, an Estate* Infant, in the real EftaTe of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them io convey the same to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fowler’s for raising Money by Sale of the Dilates, late of Hugh E(late* Fowler of Rcbrstone, in the County of Pembroke, Esquire, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances assessing the fame; and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be fold, for the Purposes aforesaid; was read a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Martin,

Mr. Lyfler, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Gore, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Charlton, Sir Humphry Howoith. Mr. Barlow, Sir John Turner, Mr. Wat burton,

Mr. Owen, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hume, Sir Richard Wrot-tefley, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Salusbury, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hey. Mr. FeU lowes, Mr. Prowje, Sir John Cust, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Nor they, Mr. Torke, Mr. Robinson, Sir Chiles Mor~ daunt, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Fazake. lev. General Oglethorpe,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bacon, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

John Torke, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Campbell, Sir Robert Crof-venor, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Bind, Mr. Bold: Sir Thomas McJlyn, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Chdwynd; and all the Member who serve for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inrol-ment of Deeds and W ills made by Papists, and for Relief Deeds' of Protestant Purchasers, Dcvifees, and Lessee; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be 2dded to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to Advowfens.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question pur thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of die Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill: viz.

Pr. 10. L. 19. 20, 21. To leave out " since the First 4< Day of December 1746."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolmenc of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for pun^ding granting a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 175J, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; t and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by

one;

8zo

140 — 150 Mali.

A.

1753>

Unprovided

Navy

Chaplains.

Clandestine

Marriages.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the Chaplains who have served in his Majesty’s Fleet during the late Wars wist France and Spain, and who are not now otherwise provided for.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed \

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Expiring

Latvs.

116.

South Sea Company.

CMr. Nugent,

Tellers for the Noes,< Mr. Horatio Walpole, > 55.

t junior: )

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Refohedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, do attend the Service of the House upon this Day Sevennighc.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the Punishment of Persons going armed, or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart isy 150 die Mail;

Anno 26° Georgii lldi Regis, 1753. Prayers.

AM FSSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards, and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fiftiery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal Assent to Bills.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers,

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned 5

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for allowing Interest upon certain Debentures, for the Bounty granted on the Exportation of Corn.

An Act for encouraging and improving the Manu-fadory of Linen, in the Highlands of Scotland.

An Act to prevent Wines, imported into any of the Out-ports of this Kingdom, being afterwards brought into the Port of London, or Parts adjacent, without paying the London Duty.

An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows, or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

An Act for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Velvets, Wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

An Act for more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Pprtage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, by Retail.

An Act for enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked Goods; and for the Relief of Persons suffering Lodes thereby.

An Act for reducing the Number of Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fiffiery; and for regulating the Election of the Governors and Directors of the said Company.

An Act for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace.

An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor; and for explaining and amending Three several Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth, Fourteenth, and Seventeenth, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee.

An Act for erecting several publick Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and to impower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and also for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster\ and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, within the said Parish.

An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or ered a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for enlightening the Streets, Passages, and open Places, within the City of Chichester, and several Places adjoining thereto, and the Close within the said City.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Parish of East Greemvichy in the County of Kent; and for repairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets thereof.

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of 3 Ale

16 Geo. II. I50 Maii. 821

Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought of Warwick; and for repairing the Road from the Bot- Royal Assent

into, tapped or fold, within the Town and Parrlh of tom of Mereden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the to Bills.

Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise said County.

Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; An Act to explain and make more effectual an Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. passed in the Fourteenth year of his present Majesty’s

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and to Highgate Gatehouse and Ilampstead, and other Roads in also from Ferry Bridge to Weatherby, and from thence to the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex. Borough Bridge, in the County of York.

An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide An Act for explaining, amending, and making more

Post near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in

County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising, the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, ,in-at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick. tituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading An Act for amending several Roads leading from the from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of City of Exeter. Durham, to Darlington, and from thehce, through Win-

An Act for repairing the Roads from Livingftoun, by stone, to Bernard Castle, in the said County, and the ocher, the Kirk of Shotis, to the City of Gfajgow, and, by the passed in the Twenty-second Year of his said Majesty’s Town of Hamilton, to the Town of Soathaven. Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and

An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Powers granted by the said nrft-mentioned Acts, and for Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, the effectual amending of the said Road, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lanvnerton Hill; and An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the also the several othe. Roads therein mentioned, lying in City of Glasgow.

the said County, and within the Liberties of the said An Act for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Town of Berwick. Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross,

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Kigllry to Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill Queens Ferry to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn% to Killingball, and the South West Corner of Harrow- ana CuFoJs \ and also the Road from the said Queen's gate Inclosures; and more effrftually to repair the Roads Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Xr'r-from Leeds to Halifax and Bowling Lane, and Little Hor- caldie.

Urn Lane: and fur building a Bridge over the River Wharf An Act for widening and repairing the High Road zt Poole, in the West Riding of the County of York. leading ifrom Northallerton, to the South Wall of the

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Church yard of the Town of Thirsk and from the South Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle HiP, in Stantho ne, aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwold. in to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill, to the Town the County of York, to a Place called Burton-stone, near o( Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. thff City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk afore-

An Act for repairing the Road from Afbby de la Zcuch, said, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in York.

the County of Stafford, and to ibe Cock Inn in Tutbury, An Act for vesting the undivided Twelfth Part of in the said County. Ann Jekyll, an lnfanty in die real Estate of Sir Joftpb

- An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton convey the same to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree Malet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somafet, of die Court of Chancery.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual Two An Act for vesting One undivided Fourth-part of Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from Elizabeth Knight, of and in' divers Manors, Lands, and Ipswich to Cleydon, in the County of Suffolk, and other Hereditaments, in the County of York, late the Estate of Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Robert Plompton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust,

Road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Coddenham Beacon, in the to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned, said County. ' An Act for vesting the Estate of Edmund Morton

An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Pheydelh Esquire, in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant \ Road from Kigbley in the West Hiding of the County of ter an Agreement made previous to the Marriage of Ed-York, to Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Wefimor- mund Morton Pley dell the younger, Esquire, with Anne land. His Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the An Act to enable Evelyn Chadwicke Esquire, and his Stones End near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Wife, and their Issue, to make Building Leases of Part Bridge in Old Street Road, and through O/d Street, in the of his settled Estate in the Parishes of Saint James West-

Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the minster, and Saint Martin in the Fields. said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Oundle, Articles for the Sale of the Manor, or reputed Manor, in the County of Northampton, to Alconbuty cum Weston, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at in the County of Huntingdon, from Barnwell, in the Kexby, in the County of York, late the Estate of Charles laid County of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston afore- Headlatn Esquire, deceased; and for veiling the undi-said; and from The Mile Brook, in Hammerton, to Wood vided Third Part or Share of Ann Headlam Spinster, an Lane End next the Parish of Great Gidding, in the said Infant, of and in the said Manor and Premises, in Truf-County of Huntingdon. tees, in Trust, to convey the fame, pursuant to the said

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading Articles; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County An Act for confirming an Agreement between George of Smerfet, to and through Glaflon, otherwise Glastonbury, Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of Stratfield and Wells, to the Direction or W hite Post in the Great Sea, in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Western Road to the City of Bath, and also from Wells Lands in the said Parish; and to enable the said George to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol. Pitt to take down the present, and erect a new Parish

An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Church there; and for making Rokds to the said Church.

Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Tenth Year of An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and agreed upon between the Prebendary of the Prebend of the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Stillington, and Stephen Croft Esquire, of certain Lands his present Majesty, for repairing the Road fiom Dun- and Hereditaments, in the County of York, church, to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the County Aoi Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Ennever . Vol. 26. 9 Z Gentle-

Rawftorn’s

E it ate.

Philpot’s Debt to the Crown.

Manning's

Estate.

Craigie’s Estate.

8212

150 Man.

A. 1753.

Gentleman, with Mary Cornewall his now Wife, and to* enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for exchanging, dividing, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty the Lands, Common Grounds, Pastures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Eastlech-Martin, otherwise Botberup, in the County of Gloucester; and for making a Recompence and Compensation ro the Rector, in lieu of his Tythesand Glebe Lands.

An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Common and Waste Ground, in the Manor of Leathley, in the County of York.

An Act for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Commons, in the Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for enabling John Latchmore, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Frye.

An Act for naturalizing Christian Maurice Rodatz.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the rngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Rawftorn Esquire, at Baffel-don, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in the Clerk’s Table,

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchinson, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown, for Customs for Tobacco 5 was read a Second time. 1:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee, of the-whole House upon the said Bill. < -. /: \

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whomf the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACtforSalc of the undivided Moieties of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, the settled Estate of Matthew Manning, Doctor in Physick, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt aftefting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Craigie, of Dumbarnie Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Perth, and Jay out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said John Craigie, in the County of Fife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to Mr. Oswald, Mr. Prozvje, Mr. Yorks, Mr. Cocke, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Willey, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Gore, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Francis Brake, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Yhornton, Sir

Richard Lloyd, Mr. Bay*tun, Mr. Morton, Mr. West, Sif Francis Poole, Mr. W'tlles, Mr. Martin, Mr. Richards,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gafbry, Mr. Lyttelton,

Colonel A'court, Mr. Myddelton, General Onslow, Mr.

Lascelles, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Levifon Gower, Mr.

Mitchell, Mr. Bond, Mr* Bold-, and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.-

The LordAdvocateof<SV0//tf#z/presentedtotheHouse, Difanmnw according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and con- the tinue the Provisions made by Two Acts of Parliament, of Highlands, the 19th and 21st Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or’Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments that some time belonged to Alexander Robertfott,-of Strowan, which, with other forfeited Eftaces, are, by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, annexed to the Crown, unalienable: And the same was received* and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Humphrey Howartb reported from the Committee, Wich’s to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An tuition of Act for confirming and establishing a Partition of several Lan Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, belonging to Sir Cyril Wich Baronet, Elizaleth Willson, and Mary Ynrton, respectively, and a Settlement made thereof for the Benefit of the several Parties intituled to the several undivided Shares thereof, before such Partition, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. L. 15. Leave out " Robertion," and infer* " Robinson."

Pr. 21. L. 19. Leave out " Cholmely,99 and infer*

<c Cholmondeley."

L. 37. Leave out the Second " Ditto/’

Pr. 22. L. 17. Leave out M Ijabell, and infer*

" IJabella."

1 L. 21. Leave out " late, and insert<c let."

Pr. 28. L. 4. After " Forty," insert "Two."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Expiring resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon Eaw*. the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the Pu-nishment of Persons going armed,or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, to the: Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also fur Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off* several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; j

The House was moved, That the Resolutions, which, upon Saturday the 7th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Exporters, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail Cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several others concerned in the said Manufacture, and which were then agreed to by 1

the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; *

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed,

That

a 6 Geo. II.

15 — 16° Mail.

8i5j

That they have Power to make Provisidn in (he said Bill, for Payment of the Bounties upon the Exportation o(Bri-//^-made Sail Cloth, due since the First Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, and which, from time to time, for the future, shall grow due, out of such Parts of the old Subsidy as are applicable to the Payment of Incidents.

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday the 20th Day of March lad, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of John Henniker, Henry Bird the Elder, Henry Bird the Younger, and Conrad Lang, of London, Merchants, and which (with several Amendments to One of them) were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the fame, as agreed to by the House, being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to impower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to direct, if they think fit, the Payment of the Bounty to John Henniker, Henry Bird the EUer, Henry Bi d the Younger, and Conrad Lang, Owner* of Four Ships properly fitted out for, and employed in, the Fishery in the Greenland Seas, which were there unavoidably l ift; which the said Owners would have been intided to, in case the said Ships had performed their Voyage, and all other Matters required by Law.

The House was also moved, That the Refutations which, upon Monday the 2d Day*of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of Philip How, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Two Ships the Argyle and Campletcun, and which were ihen agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordercdy That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they have Power to receive a Claulc or Clauses to impower the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to direct, if they think fit, the Payment of the Bounty to Philip How and Others, Owners of Two Ships which were employed in the Fiftiery in the Greodand Seas, and returned to this Kingdom with Three Whales, which the said Owners would have been intided to, in case they had complied with all the Forms and Regulations required by Law, in fitting out the said Ships.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for the preventing of the Inconveniencies and for Dangers that may arise from the present Methods of digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other Mate- rials, on the several Commons'dnd Waste Grounds within this Kingdom, for the Rtpair of the Highways, and for other Purposes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cookey Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fazakerley, M rl Which cot, M r. Gore, Mr. Vyner,’ Mr. R'olinfon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bond, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Grenville Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bcckford, Mr Oswald, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. lyficr, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Dowdeswed, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Willesy Mr. Bowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Gajbry} Mr. Affleck, VOL. 26.

Mr. Hardingey Mr. Tracy, Mr. Willy, Sir Thomas Mojiyn,

Mr. Dixon, Lord Egment, Mr. Walpole, Mr. 3rd, Sir William Calvert, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Balfour, Colonel A'court, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Duke, Mr;

Hawkins, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Lyttelton Lord George Sackville, Mr. Drake, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Anson,

Mr. Symonis, Mr. Townfjhend, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Choi-mondeleyi and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Naturalizing Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Bill* Jews, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to permit Persons profcfiing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hume took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hume reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed* him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Discovering whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late LonSuudc* Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments uf Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners fur putting in Execution the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fa ewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speajcer resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act RawftomV for veiling the * Estate late of William Rawftorh Estate. Esquire, at Baffeldon, in the County of Berks, in 1 ruf-tecs, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

' An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the several Peebles Roads, in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweedhope Kuads. Braefoot, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blylh Bridge,

La Mancha, and Wheam, and by Linton and Car lops, and from lngleJiouny through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh 5 was read the Third time.

ReJoFed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads, in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweeds-cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La

Mancha


16° — 17° Mail. A. 1753.

Mamba and Wheam, and by Linton and Car lops, and from Inglefloun through Carlcps, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That Mr. Dixon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dlfcovering Mr. Fellowes, according to Order, reported from the the Longi- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ren-tu c" der more effectual an Act, made in the 12 th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made fordifeovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be engrossed.

Manning’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for gaje of the undivided Moieties of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, the settled Estate of Matthew Manning Doctor in Physick, forraifing Money todischarge a Mortgage Debt affecting the same; and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Orddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Supply Bill; An »ngr0^ Bill for granting a certain Sum of Money Sinking out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Surplus land. 'Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1753; was read the Third time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the SinkiogFtind, and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1753 r and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for enlarging the time limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for subscribing Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Three Pounds Ten Shillings/*^ Centum per Anniwiy into! the Joint Stock of Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. t

Ordered, That Mr. Charleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Naturaliz- Ordered, That the ingrofifed Bill, from the Lord?,

ing Jews. intituled, an Act to permit Persons professing the Jewtfh Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be read the Third time upon 'Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-of1S^gar °n f°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster> and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whple House to consider further of the said Petitions.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House $loanean,*c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Colleaiooi, upon the Bill for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloaney and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library* and of the Additions thereto.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’* Command, acquainted the House, That, if it shall be found necessary ro enable his Majesty to make any Grant of Buildings or Land for the Repository to be provided by the said Bill, his Majesty, as far as his interest is concerned therein, consents, that this House may make what Provision they shall think proper for that Purpose.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with from his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition and Hepresentation of the Trustees appointed by Sir Hans Sloane Baronet, deceased, and the Copies of the Codicils annexed to the said Petition and Representation, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Torke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Torke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nihc of the Clock.

Eipinog

Ijwt.

fcoer

mgil

Cade,

Jovis, 170 die Maii;

; Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753. 1

Prayers.

(JRDERED, Th^t Lord Dupplht, Mr. Owen> Mr. Scndanwrc’i V Richards, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Clayton, Estate* be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ro empower the Guardians of Frances Fjtzroy Scudamore, an Infant^ to make Building Leases of herEstate, in Southwark, in the County of Surrey^ is committed.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Ac- $Ugar$ex. count of the Muscovado Sugars and refined Sugars exported, ported from Great Britain to Ireland, from Christmas , 1727, to Christmas 17 39, and from Christmas 1747, to Christmas 1752; dist each Year.

A Bill to explain, amend, and continue, the Provisions Disarming made by Two Acts of Parliament, of the 19th and 2»ft the Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for the more effectual dit Highlands, arming the Highlands in Scotland; and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments that some time belonged to Alexander Robelrtfon} of Strowan, which, with other forfeited Estates, are, by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, annexed to the Crown unalienable; was read a Second time. ....

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoqfe upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of importation the City of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of Cambriclu in behalf of themselves, and all other the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, in Great Britain, was presented to the 10 House,

xpiring

aws.

Distemper

amongst

Cattle.

26 Geo. II.

House, and read; alleging, That the Bill now depending in the House, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, should it pass into a Law, will be very burthensome, and lay great Hardships on the fair Trader: And therefore praying the House to hear Counsel against: the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the Punishment of Persons going armed ordilguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported 5 and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America, was committed; The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; add he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to explain, amend, and continue, an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fazakerly, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Hay, M r. Bayntun, Mr. Walpole, Mr* Hohlyn, Mr. Gray, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Hume, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Robert Grosventr, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hayes, Mr, Kynajlcn, Mr. Prowse, Mr. West, Mr Berkeley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Southzvell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Charlton, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Lane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lambton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Per. Bertie, Mr. Richards, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Owen, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Symonds, Sir Charles Vernon, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Burrell, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gajhry, Colonel A* court. Sir William Calvert, Captain Frank land. Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Salu/bury, Mr Darner, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bold, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Obrien, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Fitz. Scudamore, Sir James Lowther, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Whickcot, Mr. Briftowe, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Belcbier; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to amend so much of an Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Ule, as relates to the Time of holding the Alfcmblies of the Citizens of the City of Chester, for the Election of publick Officers of the said City.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for obviating Doubts that may arise by the moving Prisoners, in the Prison of the Marshalsea of the

Vol. 26.

825

Court of King’s Bench, into proper Places till such time as the said Prison is rebuilt or repaired.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Knightly’s whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An kftate.

Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Valentine Knight ley Esquire, in the County of Northampton, in the said Valentine Knight ley and his Heirs; and for settling other Effaces, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegati ons of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Nugent, according to Order, reported from the Importation Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the of Cambricks. more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, was committed; The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, in Great Britain, against the Bill, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then they withdrew.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 18° die Maii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIai Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

PT^HE Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, Scudamore*# 1 to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Estate-ticuled, An Act to impower the Guardians of Frances Fitzroy Scudamore, an Infant, to make Building Leases of her Estate, in Southwark, in the County of Surry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlicott have Leave to go into the Ditto. Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

1 o A An

17° — 18 0

8 26

18° Mail.

A.

Confirming Orders of Justices in Quorum.

Felton

Inclosure.

Mallor’s new

Street in Wdluiinller.

Knightley’s An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act tilaie. for vetting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled bftate of Valentine Knightley Esquire, in the County of Northampton, in the said Valentine Knightley and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer, and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm certain Acts and Orders made by Justices of the Peace, being of the Quorum, notwithstanding any Defcft in not expressing the rein, that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James AJal/ors to open a Street from the West Side of King Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the Back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, on the West Side of Delahaye Street, in the same Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Meynell’i An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act IUtu for confirming the Will of Littleton Pointz Meynell Esquire, deceased; and for making Provision for Godfrey Meynell Esquire, his eldest Son and Heir, and Judith Meynell, his Daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his Second Son and Devisee, to make a Jointure during his Minority; and for settling the Estates of the said Littleton Pointz Meynell to the Uses therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ear-dinge, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Which cot. Lord Carysfort, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Hale, Mr. Planter, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cray, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hay, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Kent, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hill, Mr. West, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Fairfax, Lord llillfborough, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Talbot, Sir John Barrington, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Ridley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dowdesweil, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Lock, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Greatbeed\ Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Myddehon, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Finch, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord William Manners, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Richards, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Bond, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Campbell, Sir Thomas Moflyn, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Che tier, Stafford, Salop, York, and Essex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s -Chamber.

tuie.

Discovering An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, the Longi- made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, wich regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude;

and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting ro Execution the said Act; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And chat the Title be,

An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the i 2th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Yorke, according to Order, reported from the Sloanean.*c Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for pur- L>ollt<aioas-chafing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providingOne general Repository for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Long Ditto* ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Advowfau vetting the Advowson of Long Ditton, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, to be, fold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had . gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read, and is as folio weeh; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 36. Leave out "next," and insert " 1733."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third River Cart Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for laying a Duty of Navigation. Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart, and for other Purposes;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read th£ Third time.

And the Petition of John Snodgrass, James Alexander,

Thomas Kerr, William Alexander, and Gavin Rialfton,

Maltsters in Paisley, for themselves, and in the Name and Behalf of their Constituents, Herctors, and Burgelfes, of the Burgh of Paisley, conform to their Commission of Power of Attorney to the said Petition annexed, against the Bill, was also heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And

J

26 Geo. II. i8° — 2

And then the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in favour of the said Bill, against the Lid Petition.

And the Counlcl for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, That the Bill do pass

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna?) 210 die Mali;

Anno a6° Georgii IV1 Regis, 1753.

Pray ers.

Firebead, A N ingrossed Bill for repairing, amending, and widen-&c. Koads. ing^ t^c fcVtra^ Roads leading from the Red Poll in

the Parish of Ftvebead, where the Taunton Turnpike ends, through the Parish of Curry RivetI, the Towns of Lang-fort and Somcrtcn, to Butwell, near the Bottom of Aims-ford Hill; and also from The Bell Inny in Curry Rivell aforesaid, to Puckingtcn Lane, and from Cary Bridge, in the Parish of Somerlon, to Street Cross, in the County of Somerftt, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 30. After " between,0 to insert " the <c Parish of."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the several R 'acts leading from the Red Port in the Parish of Five-bead\ through the Towns of Langfort and Somerton, to Butwell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckingtcn Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Distemper Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

Carded 10 w*om t^lc 10 explain* amend, and continue, An

c' Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more cffcftually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and make more tffeftual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Corrtftion, as relates to the Payment of the Charges of Omstables, or other Officers, conveying Vagrants from one County, Riding, or District, to another.

Sloanfan.&c. An ingrossed Bill for the Purchase of the Museum or oUe&oas. Collection of Sir Plans Sloane, and of the IParleian Collection of Manulcripts; and for providing One general Repoficory for the better Reception, and more convenient Life, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto; was read the Third rime.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L.. 17. After fC each/* to insert tc of the;" and to leave out ‘4 Secretary," and insert " Secretaries.0

Pr. 13. L 37. To leave out " of their Bodies.0

And cue la:<J Amendments were, upon ihc Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House;

Vol. :6.

i° Mali. 827

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manu-feripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Merchants and Traders in the Naturalizing City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Jews-was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the passing of the Bill depending in the House, to permit Per Ions professing the \Jrjuish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament, into a Law, may encourage Persons of Wealth and Substance to remove, with their Effects, from foreign Parts into this Kingdom, and increase the Commerce and Credit of this Nation: And therefore praying, That the said Bill mav pass into a l.aw.

Several of the Names subscribed to the said Petition , were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

The Order of the Day being read, for reluming the ad- River Cart journjd Debate upon the Motion made upon Friday lad, Navigation* that the ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paifiey and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes; do pass.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the Clandestine whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, Marriages, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and that he was dirtfted by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Naturalizing mons, of the City of London, in Common Council af- Jews* sembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, That should the Bill depending in the House, to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament, and for other Purposes thereip mentioned, be palfed into a Law, the same will tend greatly to the Dishonour of the Christian Rel gion, endanger our excellent Constitution, and be highly prejudicial.ro the Interest and Trade of the Kingdom in general, and the said City in particular;

Ar.d therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

<s / And

Craigie's

Estate.

Grubbe’a

Leafing.

Scudamore*!

Estate.

Brain's Estate in New Jersey.

828 11° — 220 Mail. A. 1753.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow " and subject to, such and so many of the Uses, Estates, Morning, Nine of the Clock. ic and Limitations, limited, created, and declared, in and

..... *c by the Will of the said Benjamin Brain of and in his

" freehold Lands, t enements, and Hereditaments, *€ thereby devised, as shall then be existing, undetermined, u or capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, tc until such Purchase shall be made, to place out such Re-cc fidue or Surplus, upon Government or real Security, at Interest, and to pay the Interest and yearly Produce c< thereof unto such Person or Persons as would be intitled cc to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Heredita-<c ments so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled pursuant to this Act."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Martisi 2 20 die Maii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753. Prayers.

MR. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Craigie, of Dumbamie, Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Perth, and lny out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said John Craigie, in the County of Fife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir Richard JVrottesley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower William Hunt Grubbe Esquire, to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Wilts; and for vesting the Monies arising by Fines to be received for such Leases, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

Sir Richard Wrottejley accordingly reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed, that the Bill should be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of Frances Fitzroy Scudamore, an Infant, to make Building Leases of her Estate in Southwark, in the County of Surry, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Lyjler reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Parts or Shares late belonging to Benjamin Brain Merchant, deceased, of and in One Twenty-fourth Part of the Eastern Division of the Province of New Jersey, in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bril, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as folio weth; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 34. After i( aforesaid," insert"and the Sur-5C plus thereof, if any, to be laid out in the Purchase of " Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in manner as " is herein after mentioned."

Pr. 9. L. 37, 38. Leave out u the Residue of the said " Purchase Money," and insert f< afterwards."

Pr. 10. L. 5. After "extend," insert c< and shall and " do apply and dispose of the Residue and Surplus of the " Money arising by such Sale, in case there shall be any ,c such Surplus, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, " and Hereditaments, so to be purchasetj, to, for, upon

Mr. Lambton reported from the Committee, to whom Catherlck the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Bridge Road. Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of fork, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into a Philpot's Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable t0ti3C

the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer Lrown* of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchinson, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Naturalizii Reading of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Jews*

An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Order bepoftponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the Diformin' whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and continue, the Provisions made by Two Acts of Parliament, an s‘ of the 19th and 21st Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments that some time belonged to Alexander Robertion, of Strowan> which, with other forfeited Estates, arc, by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, annexed to the Crown unalienable.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

4 Mr.

Naturalising

Jews.

22° — 2 30 Mail

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

829

26 Geo. II.

Mr. O/waU reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevera) Amendments thereunto; which they hacl directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

A Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and all orher Merchants and Traders of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are apprehensive the said Bill, if parted into a Law, will, in its Consequences, greatly affect our Tradeand Commerce with foreign Nations, and particularly with Spain and Portugal, and will also be attended with many other very bad Eflcfts to this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have Leave, by themselves, or Counsel, to offer their Reasons against the Parting of the said Bill into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, against the said Bill if they think fit.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, Shipwrights, and Commanders of Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many other Persons concerned in Shipping, and in the Woollen and other Manufactures of this Kingdom, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners are of Opinion the Parting of the said Bill into a L^w may encourage many Persons of Wealth and Substance to remove, with their Effects, from foreign Parts into this Kingdom, the greaceft Parc of which, agreeable to the Experience of former Times, will be employed by them in foreign Trade and Commerce, and in the increasing the Shipping, and encouraging the Exportation of the Woollenand other Manufactures of this Kingdom; of which the Persons who profess the Jewish Religion have, for many Years last pad, exported great Quantities: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third time.

Then forae of the Petitioners, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition this Day presented to the House against the said Bill, were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third time.

And the said Petition was also read.

And some of the Petitioners against the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition.

And being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Morion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arirtng in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Month;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

, Sro,hcYc } SS.

fMr. Horatio IValfole

Tellers for the Noes, < senior, > 96.

(Mr. Hume: )

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

It was relolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume do carry the Bill to the

Vol. 26.

Mercurii, 23 Mail;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753. Prayers.

The House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; So8"? ex*

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the *>orte House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Mu/covado Sugars, and refined Sugars, exported from England to , from Christmas 1727 to Christmas 1739, and from Christmas 1747 to Christmas 1752; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners,

Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, to whom Fowler’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. railing Money by Sale of the Estates late of Hugh Fowler, of Robtftone, in the County of Pembroke, Esquire, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had diFefted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Catherick in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Bridge Road, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge,in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sin the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

10 B An

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Long Ditton for veiling the Advowson of Long Ditton, in the Advowsoru County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Tide of the Bill; viz.

To leave out " other."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame,with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Brain’iEAate in New jersey.

Digging Materials for repairing Wighwa/5.

Grubb’s

Leafing.

Philjxtt’a Debt to the Crown.

Difarfning the Highlands.

230 Mail, 1753*

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of York, to Tarm> in thq said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act for vesting the Parts or Shares, late belonging to Benjamin Brain Merchant, deceased, of and in One Twenty-fourth Part of the Eastern Division of the Province of New Jerjev, in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships,

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the preventing of the Inconveniencies and Dangers that may arise from the present Methods of digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other Materials, on the several Commons and walle Grounds within this Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways; and for other Purposes; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ma^e several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wich the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower William Hunt Grubhe Esquire, to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Wilts; and for veiling the Monies arising by Fines to be received for such Leases, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Wrcttejley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hpufe, to whom the Bill to enable, the Com mi(Tioners for executing the Office of Treaforer of hiSjMajesty's. Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutctyufon, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crpwn for Cuflpms for Tobacco, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; ?nd which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Oswaldy according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and continue, the Provisions made by Two Acts of Parliament, of the 19th and 21st Years of his Majesty’s Reit;n, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claim* upon the

Lands and Hereditaments that some time helonged & Alexander Robert Jon, of Strowan, which, with other fom feited Estates, are, by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, annexed to the Crown unalienable; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Craigie* to enable John Craigie, of Dumbarnie, Esquire, to fell hiUtc, Lands in the County of Perth, and lay out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said John Craigie, in the County of Fife-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. OJivald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment,

The other Order of the Day being read;

TheHouse resolved itself in to a Committee of the whole Chn?o.lin» House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, next, Nine of the Clock. j

The House, according toOrder, resumed the adjourned RWtrCirt Debate upon the Motion made upon Friday lad, chat the Navigat#* ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth-Parc of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart\ and fur other Purposes; do pass.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Sfots, or One sixth-Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrewiy for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Muir do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- impemtton solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- of Sugar, fider further of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose, Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar R efiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in tlx*

City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

a6 Geo. II. 250

Veneris, 250 die;

Anno 26* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Meynell’j X M R.Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom KiUcc. 1\1 the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Will of Littleton Poyntz Meynell Esquire, deceased; and for making Provision for Godfrey Meynell his elded Son and Heir, and Judith Mey-

nell his Daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his Second Son and Devisee, to make a Jointure during his Minority ? and for settling the Estates of the said Uttleton Poyntz Meynell to the Uses therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 30. Leave out ,c February " and insert January."

Pr, 8. L. 12. Leave out " are willing and desirous," and insert <c have expressed their Desire.*'

Pr. 9. L. 26. Leave out " with,*’ and insert *f which " Pr. 14. L.30. Leave out "Land,"and insert "Lands," Pr. 18. L. 25. Leave out Tregable,* and insert Tregagle."

L. 30, jj. Leave out " Francis Tregable," and insert " Francis Tregagle."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second lime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Dr. Howard Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Leonard Howard

to preach on be desired to preach before this House, at Sains Margaret*s ay- Westminster, upon Tuesday next, the 29th Day of this instanc May; and that Sir Robert De Cornewall and Mr. Charlton do acquaint him therewith.

Disarming An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and continue, the lands*^ Provisions made by Two Acts of Parliament, of the 19th and £ift Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments that some time belonged to Alexander Robertjcn, of Strowan, which, with other forfeited Estates, are, by an Act of the 2 5th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, annexed to [he Crown unalienable; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act ro explain, amend, and continue, the Provisions mafic by Two Acts of Parliament, of the 19th and 21ft: Years of his MaicUy's Reign, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments that some lime belonged ro Alexander Robcrtion, of Strowan, which, with other icrf itetl Estates, are, by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty's Reign, annexed to the Crown ^inalienable.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

IJhilpot,i An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners forexe-CrowB0^ cut'ng the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, Or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchinson, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title l?e, An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Voz.. 26.

Maii, 831

Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchinson, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Laws relating Expiring to the Punishment of Persons going armed, or disguised, Laws-in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth; and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for vacating the Security for the Duty on Salt loft in any River, or in Port after shipped; and for enlarging the Time for proving the Loss of Salt; and for Relief of Matters of Ships, with respect to the Importation of Soap and Candles, contrary to an Act made in the 23d Year of his Majesty’s Reign; and also for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon British-made Sail-cloth; and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to direct the Payment of the Bounty to John Henniker, and others, upon Four Ships fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas, and also to Philip How, and others, upon Two Ships employed in the said Fishery, notwithstanding some of the Forms required by Law, in fitting out such Ships, were not complied with.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Distemper the Bill to explain, amend, and continue, an Act made in amongst the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Cattle* intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules,

Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Preventing of the Inconve- Digging Ma niencics and Dangers that may arise from the present Mo- ter.1^s rf~ thods of digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other fyaa1""g lg Materials, on the several Commons and wade Grounds within this Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways; and for other Purposes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Preventing of the Inconveniencies and Dangers that may arise from the present Methods of digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other Materials, on the several Commons and waste Grounds within this Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

4

Ffcwleds

Eitate.

Wich’s Partition of Lands.

Clandcstine

Marriages.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Papists*

Deeds.

A’derfgate

Church*

832 15^ —

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money by Sale of the Estates late of Hugh Fowler, of Robeftone, in the County o(Pembroke* Esquire, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affirming the same and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid 5 was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame* without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition of several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Forkr, belonging to Sir Cyril Wich Baronet, Elizabeth Willson, and uMaryTurton^cfpeSiWdy, and*a Settlement made thereof for the Benefit of the Tcveral Parties intitled to the several undivided Shares thereof before such. Partition* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pase.

Ordered, That Sir Humphrey Htrwartb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them* That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read*!

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord 'Dublin took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

And rhen the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 28° die Mail j

Anno 26° Georgii lldl Regis, 1753.

Pr aye r s.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Rennet, and Mr. Holford;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three; and for the further appropriating the / Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for subscribing Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, into the Joint Stock of Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Leffces, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands, in the Parish of Saint Rciolph, wicbout Aldersgate, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,iritituled, An Act for Peebtes, repairing and widening the several Roads in the County Roa<hv of Peebles, leading from Tweeds-cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and WheamH and by Linton and Carlops, and from Inglefien. through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, without any Amendment i. And? also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fivehetulv, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads &c< R.q^v. leading from The Red.) Post, in the Parish of Fiveheadx through the Towns of Langport and Somerton to Butwelli and also from Curry Rivell to Pueking!on Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Sojnefet; without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Billy intituled, An Act Hillmorto* for dividing and inclosing the common: Fields, common, &»cjo(u«x Pastures,common Meadows, common G rounds, and'waste Ground* in the Manor and Parish of Hi Urn orton, in the County of Warwick;without any Amendment:. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by LongDi«o% this House to the Bill intituled, An Act for vesting the Advowson, Advowson of Long Litton, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale* in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the same Uses* and for ocher Purposes therefo mentioned: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by frarnSFJbk this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the ln ' Parts or Shares late belonging to Benjamin Brain Merchant, deceased* of and in One Twenty-fourth Part of the Eastern Division of the Province of New Jersey, in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Meymrifo for confirming the Willo (Littleton Points Meynell Esquire, deceased; and for making Provision for Godfrey Meynelt Esquire, his eldest Son and Heir, and Judith Meynell his Daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his;

Second Son and Devisee, to make a Jointure during hi* Minority; and for settling the Estates of the said Littleton Pointz Meynell to the Uses therein mentioned i waa read the Third time.

Resolved, That the BUI. with the Amendments, da pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge da carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth deftre the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and continue, an Dilkapn Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make ' '

Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to explain, amend, and continue, several Laws more effectually to prevent die Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; for the more effectual paying the Expences of passing Vagrants; for obviating Doubts that may arise touching the keeping of Prisoners, until the Prison of the Marffalfea of the Court of King’s Bench shall be rebuilt* or repaired; and for amending so much of the Act, of the 24th of his present Majesty, for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use, as relates to the Time of electing publick Officers of the City of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Lo*>s. Committee of the whole House* upon the ingrossed Bill, Divorqc, 10 from

Catherick Bridge Road.

Rim Cart Navigation.

CUadestine

Marriages

Privilege

26 Geo. II.

28'

-30

Mali.

833

from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Low Esquire, with Elizabeth Rogers his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Couufcl or Party appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of York, to Tarm, in the said County; and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham; and from thence, through Sedgefield\ in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of PaiJUy, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew. ' ,

The Order of the Day being-r«ad i . , .-if

The House resolved irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ttgyo&d Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair. ~

The Lord Duppitn reported from the C.ommi|teee,‘That they had made a further Progress in the Bill ;.4nd ttat he ing, directed by the Cornimucctto move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

And it being then after Three of the Clock - of Tiujiay 'Morning)

Rtfohjtd, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole >Hjouf<t, to Sxnihder further of the said BilL

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.;

Mercurii, 30° die Mail 5 Anno a6* Georgii IIWI Regis, 1753. PRATIRS.

\ Complaint being made to the House, That, in breath JljL of the Privilege of this House, Francis GarliH, jTbomas Carlill the elder, Obamas CurliU the younger, John CarliU the elder, John Carlill the younger, William \Carlill, John Ray ley, and IV idiom Kidd, of EUcughUn, in the County of York, Yeomen, did, upon the 23d, 04th, -tod 25th Days, of this rastant May, in ;a riotous and forcible Manner, enter upon the Lands ssl.Luke'RMnfon Esquire (a Member of this House) in the ParifoofiLtfw^i-3ft* iforcJfrid, tand break down the Banks and I Inclosures thereof, and put their Cattle upon the Taid Lands 4 tOrdrrr4:That it be referred to the Committee of fVivi-lcgea and.JEJoftions, to.examine tht jMactcrJof ohc d&ud Vol. 26,

Complaint: A.nd to report the f^me, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Low’s Di-dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Low Esquire, with Eliza- vorcc-both Rogers his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sloanean, &c. for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Collectiom. Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One general Repolitory for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collections, and of the Cuttonidn Library, and of the additions, thereto; without any Amendment: and also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Discoverirjg to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth d^Longi-Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in- tu c’ tituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea,

with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in-that AieJloufes* Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more easy cobvifting-Persons selling Ale and other Liquor* without Licence, without any Amendment: And also,;

-"The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Meyncll,a this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confiirning the Eftalc‘

Will of Lsffkton PttitifZ Meynell Esquire, deceased i^rra fdr snaking PrdtfifiPn «for Godfrey Meynell Esquire, His ddeft -Son and Heir, and Judith Meynell his DaughterVaricl ftSr enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his Second Sbri’ahd' Devi fce,to make a Jointure during his 'Minority.; an'cffor settling the Estates of the said Littktdh Pourtz Mfynhll to the Uses - chejein ^mentioned. , 1: ::;

Andxhcn the Messengers withdrew. t-

jTheiOtder of die Day befog read, for the Ho\)fefto¥e- Importation foiveitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to c<&- u^ar* fider further of the Petition of the Sugar Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, whose Natines are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Petition of the Sugar.Refiners, Grocers, and other Dealers in Sugar, in the City of Bviftol, whose Names are thereunto lbU-feribed.

Resolved, \That this House will, upon this Day Port-night, resolve irfelf into a Committee of the whole House,

-to consider further of the said Petitions.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House refolded itself into a Committee of the Clandestinc whole.House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill, Marna8e#* rfrotn the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better prevent--ing of clandestine Marriages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

rThe Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That , they had made 2 Ifurther Progress in the Bill; and that he directed by the Committee to move, That they may vhaYe Leave to lit again.

Jktfalvtd\ Thacfim House will, Tomorrow Morning,

1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

10 C And

by

Dr. Howard thanked.

Philpot’s Debt to the Crown.

Digging materials for repairing Highways.

Xiifarming

the

Highlands.

Expiring

Laws.

Wich’s Partition of Lands.

834 30° — -31° M

And theh the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 310 die Mail \

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

f\RDEREDy That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Howard) for the Sermon by him preached before this House, upon Yuejday last, at St. Margaret's^ Westminst er \ and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir Robert de Cornewall and Mr. Charlton do acquaint him therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aftto enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Uutchinjon, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Preventing of the Inconveniences and Dangers that may arise from the present Methods of Digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other Materials, on the several Commons and waste Gronnds within this Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also, v The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and continue, the Provisions made by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Nineteenth and Twenty-first Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for the* more effectual dffarming the Highlands in Scotland; and to make Pro-.Vifton for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments that feme time belonged to Alexander Robertion, of Strowan, which, with other forfeited Estates, are, by an. Act of the Twenty-.fifth year of his Majesty’s Reign, annexed to the Crown . unalienable; without any Amendment: And also,

0 The, Lords have agreed t;o the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws relative to the Bunishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance, of the Laws of Customs or Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported; and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-cloth j and also for Encouragement jof the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for encouraging . the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and for vacating the Security for the Duty on Salt loft in any River, or in Port after -(hipped; and for enlarging the Time for proving the loss of Salt; and for Relief of Matters of Ships, with respect to the Importation of Soap and Candles, contrary tp art Act made in the Twenty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign; and also-lor the more effectual Payment of the Bounties uponBritish-m&de Sailcloth; and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to direct the Payment of the Bounty to John Hen-rtiker and others, upon Four S^ips fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas; and also to Philip How and others, upon Two Ships employed in the said Fishery, notwithstanding some of the Forms required by Law, in fitting out such Ships, were not complied with; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House so the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition of several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, belonging to Sir Cyril Wich Baronet, Elizabeth TVillfony and Mary ‘Purton, respectively, and a Settlement made thereof for . the Benefit of the several Parties ihtitled to the fcvtral undivided Shares thereof, before such Partition.

And then the MefTengcxs withdrew.

ii — 1 °Junii. A. 1753.

The Order of the Day being read J

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Clandestine whole House, to consider further of the irigtoffed Bill, Mamag from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

1 The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morr6w Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i° die Junii;

Anno 26° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

THE Lord Duppliny according to Order, reported cLndaftjnc from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Marriages, the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, was committed, the Amendments'which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards-delivered the Bill, with^e Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: where the Amendments were read* and are as followeth; viz,

Pr. 1. L. 8. Leave out "First," and insert " Twenty-u fifth;" and leave out".January" and insert "March."

' L:* 13,14. Leave out " for the Space of Twenty r Yearslaft past." -

L. iji i6y 17. Leave out " have dwelt for the c<- Space of One Month next before the Publication " thereof," and insert " dwell."

Ll zS, 29. Leave out <c have dwelt for the " Space of One Month as aforesaid, and insert # dwell."

L. 32,^3. Leave out " as aforesaid.^* - 1

Pri i L, 3. Leave out " had."

: L* 3, 4. Leave out " for the Space bf Oftfc " Month as aforesaid." 1

L. 22. After Bans," insert respectively;" and, after <c delivery," insert " or cause to be deliver&d-."

Lr *8^ After " respdftively," 'insert' Claafe marked' A*"-

(A.) " Provided always, and be it enactedyby^the Au-c< thority aforesaid, That no Parson, Minister, Vicar, or " Curate, folemriizing Marriages after the 25th Day of <c March 1754 between Persons, both or One of whom <c shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, after <c Bans published, shall be punishable by ecclesiastical " Censures^or foleiTinizirtg stich Marriages without Cpnsent of Parents or Guardians, whose Consent is required " by Law, unless such Parson, Minister, Vicar, or Curate, shall have Notice of the Dissent of such Parents " or Guardians; and in case such Parents or Guardians,

€< or One of them, shall openly and publickly declare, or:

" cause to be declared, in the Church or Chapel where " the Bans shall be so published, at the Time of such c< Publication, his, her, or their, Distent to such Mar-" riage, such Publication of Bans shall be absoluedy " void." , ^:

L. 3a Leave out " Eirft," and insert " TwebtjftFifth ;" vand leave out ,c January," and insert "March." . L

>L last. After " which," insert <cthe usual Place " of Abode of."

Pr. 3. L. i. Leave outc* dwelt," and insert "be€h;" and leave out." One Month,": and insert u Four Weeks."

L. 5, 6. Leave put "as aforesaid.".

L. 8.

%6 Geo. IL

i* Junti.

N 8* Afcer " wha^eveC insert Clause (B.)

(B.) 44 Provided always, and be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid* That all Pariftes where there shall be no Parift Church or Chapel belonging thereto, 44 or none wherein Divine Service shall be usually cele- brated every Sunday, may be deemed extra-parochial Places for the Purposes of this Act, but not fol anjf other Purpose.,

L. 17. After Places," inferr Clause (C.)

(C*) " Provided always, and be it enacted, That c< from and after the 25th Day of March, in the Year 44 1754, no Surrogate deputed by any ecclesiastical " Judge, who hath Power to grant Licences of Marri- age, shall grant any such Licence before he hath taken an Oath before the said judge faithfully to execute his *4 Office, according to Law, to the bed of his Knowledge, 4< and hath given Security, by his Bond, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to the Bishop of the Diocese, 44 for the due and faithful Execution of his said Office/* L. 22. Leave out44 First/* and infcrt44 Twenty*: f< fifth/’ and leave out January," and insert March

L. 24. Leave out within any Prison or the Rules thereof, or/*

L. 25, 26. Leave out without Publication of f* Bans in such/* and insert than a/*

L. 26. After 4C Chapel/’ leave out as afore-.<4 said/' and insert where Bans have been usually pub- lifted, unless by Special Licence from the Archbishop of Canterbury // and after the Second 44 or/* inferr stall solemnize Matrimony / and leave out such/* " and insert Publication of Bans, unless/* and after Marriage/* leave out as aforesaid/* and insert44 Be." L. 34. Leave out44 so had and." . |

- -- L. 34, 35. Leave out without Publication1, of 44 B^ns/* and insert from and after the Twenty-fifth 41 Day of March, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four.*'

Pr. 3. L. 35. Leave out 44fuch," and insert in any other Place than a /* and after44 or/’ insert such." L. 36; After Chapel," insert unless by spe- cial Licence 5 and after 44 or/* insert that stall be solemnized; and leave out44 such/* and insert44pub-u lication of Bans or /’ and after Marriage/* insert from a Person or Persons having Authority to grant the same."

L. 37, 38, 39. Leave out44 as aforesaid/’and Jeave out44 from and after the said First Day of January, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four.’* Pr. 4. L. 1. Leave out any offence o^" and insert such/* and leave out.from Felony" td stall/* :in L. 3. /

L. 4. Leave out44 OnelYear," and infcrt44 Three Years/* ' _ . / /

L. 5, 6, 7* Leave out from and after the said f44 First Day of January, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four." ,

L. 8. Leave out44 had/*.and insert44 solemnized." L. 8, 9. Leave out44 Licences, and without such Publication of Bans as aforesaid/* and insert Licence after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand 4L Seven hundred and Fifty-four." ‘

L. 9; After Parties," insert not being a 44 Widower or Widow."

L. 11. Leave out such," and, after the 3d 44 the/’, insert44 Party or."

L. 12. Leave out in Writing." ,

L. 13, 14. Leave ouc under his Hand,! at- tested by Two credible Witnesses."

L. 16,17, 18. Leave out44 had and obtained in the same mariner, inWriting, under his/her, or their Hand or Hands, attested as aforesaid," and insert44 or One of them, and."

L. 18. Leave out any/* and insert there *4 stall be no such."

L. 18,19. Leave out44 stall be appointed otherwise," and insert4* then/*

VOL. 26.

35

L. 19. Leave out44 then."., r

L. 29, 20. Leave out44 under Her Hand." . , r ( L. 20. Leave out attested as aforesaid," and 14 Insert unmarried, or if there shall be no Mother living and unmarried; then of a Guardian or Guardians of the Person appointed by, the Court of Chancery/’

L. 21. Leave out from *4 whatsoever," to And whereas/* in Pr. 5. L. 2.

Pr. L. 9. Leave ouc44 and advantageous/*

L. 21. Leave out from Way," to and in cafe/’ in L. 23.

L. 23. Leave out fame,* and insert Marriage proposed/*

L. 24. Leave out and unexceptionable." ,

L. 30. Leave out Persons," and insert44 Per- fon"

L. 31. Leave out from Enacted/* to that" In Pr. 6. U i, .

Pr. 6. L. 2. After the First any* insert44 Suit or." L. 3. Before Marriage," insert<c any.": ,

... L. 4. Leave out. 44 Pre-contraft/* and insert

44 Contrail /* and, after Matrimony/* insert 44 wKat- soever, whether per Verba de prajenti, or per Verba de futuro, which shall be entered into after the Twenty - fifth Day of March, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four.

L. 5. Leave out frori) notwithstanding," to Provided always/* in Pr. 7. t*/3. and insert the Clauses (D.) and (E.). ’ j 3 ' ,

(D.)44 And for preventing undue Entries and j^bufes in Registers of Marriages, Be it Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before, the 2jtfi. Day of March, in the Year 1754, and, from time to time, 44 afterwards, as there stall be Occasion, the Churcfi- wardens and Chapelwardens of every Parishor Chapefty stall provide proper Books of Vellom or good and durable Paper, in which all Marriages and Bans of Marriage respectively there puhlifeed or folerfjnized stall be registered; and every Page thereof shall.’bp marked at the Top with the Figure of the Numbered every such Page, beginning at the Second Leaf with *4 Number 6ne; apd every Leaf or Page, so number$^ 44 stall be ruled with Lines at proper and equal Distabjcep from each other,.or as near as may be, apd all Bans and Marriages, publifted or celebrated in any Church or Chapel, or within any such Parift. or Chapelry, 44 stall be respectively entered, regiftcj*e<3, printed, or Written, upon, or as he^r as conveniently may be,to,

44 fuqh ruled Lines, by the Parson, Vicar,; Minister, > oi Curate, or by some ocher Person, in his Presence,1 and byjiis Direction 5 ‘aqd such Entries stall be made 44 as" aforesaid on or near such Lines, in Tucceffive Order, where the Paper is not damaged or decayed, by Accident or . Length of Time, until a hew Book shall be thought proper or necessary to be provided for the same PUrpofesj and then the Directions aforesaid stall 4C, be obferyed in every such. new Book; and all fuc

44 Books ds aforesaid stall be deemed to be publick Bc>ok$

44 of and belonging to every such Parift or Chapelryre*- spefti^ely, and stall be carefully kept and preferyedibr publick Use.*:;

(£) 4f And, in ordqr to preserve the Evidence, of Marriages, and to make the Proof thereof more certain and easy. Be it Enacted, That from and after the 25th 44 Dayo(March, in thp Year 1754, all Marriages stall be solemnized in the Presence of Two credible Witnesses, besides the Minister who stall celebrate the fame; and that, immediately after the Celebration off every Marriage, an Entry thereof stall be made in such Register to be kept as aforesaid; in which Entry or Register it stall be.expressed, that the said Marriage was celebrated by Bans or Licence; and if both or ci- ther of the Parties married by Licence be under Age,

44 with Consent of Parents or Guardians, as the Cast stall be, and stall be signed by the Minister, with his proper Addition, and alfc^by the Parties married, iand attested by such Two Witnesses which Entry shall be

44 made

U

ClandefUnc

Marriages.

1753-

GUti&ftiofe w made hi the Form or to the Effect following; that is

Marriage* w say.

-IArf[S£] and <7. D. of [ft] Parifl, were maVritd in *«[££$ ]by [£^cc> ]

" with Consent of [oSans, ]this D*y of

fc in the Year by me, 7 7 Rc&or.

Vicar.

Curate.

99 This Marriage was solemnized between us A.B.

C.D.

99 In the Presence of E. F.

G.Hr

Pr. 7. L. 12. After u respectively," irifert 99 nor to f* any Marriages solemnized beyond the Seas."

L. 26. Leave out " said."

The said Amendments, as far as the First Amendment, inPr. 3. L. 35. being severally read a Second rime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The 1 ft Amendment in Pr. 3. L. 35. being read a Second rime 1

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " in."

And the Question' being put. That the word 99 in" Hand jPart of the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative. /

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon iihe QUeftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is ^s followeth; viz.

Leave out <c such," arid insert cc any other Place 99 than a."

The subsequent Amendments made by the Committee io the said Bill as far as the First Amendment in Pr. 4. L: i t. being severally read a Second rime, were, upon . the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The First Amendment in Pr. 4. L i i. and also the Second Amendment in the same Line, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally jput thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

The ftiblequent Amendments made by the Committee tb the said Bill, as fat as Clause 99 ij," being severally read a Second time, Were, upon the Question severally piit thcrcupoh, agreed to by the House.

Claiife " D/* the next Amendment made by the Com-feitteeth the said Bill, being read a Second time;

SfcVeral Amendments Were proposed to be made tb the lifid Amendment, by inferring, after the Words " such

ruled Lines, the Words 99 and shall be figrred;^ and also by leaving out, after the Words " and all," arid before 1 the Word " Books," the Word " such ;" and also fey inferring after the Word Books," and before the Words ‘^.as aforesaid," the Word provided *" and also by leaving out the Wordsr" be publick Books of and bc- lwging," arid inferring the WOrd " belong;" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That after the Wbrds ?? such ruled Lilies," the Words, " and shall be figried," -te’inserted;

f it was* resolved in the Affirinative.

; And the Question being put, Thatthd Word " such," proposed to be left out, stand Parc of the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, r. And the Question being pcfc, That after the Word " Books," arid before the Words 99 as aforesaid," tHc -Word " provided," be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words 99 Be " publick Books of arid belonging" stand’Part bf tftc said Amendment;

: It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word "belong" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question puc thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Clause (D.)

" And, for preventing undue Entries and AbufcsinRe-9 gifters of Marriages, Be it Enacted, by the Authority 9t aforesaid^ That on or before the 25th Day of March, in cc the Year 1754, and, from time to time, afterwards, as 99 there shall be Occasion, the Churchwardens and Chapel-<c wardens cfevery Parish or Chapelry shall provide proper 99 Books of Vellom, or good and durable Paper, iri wh|ch 99 all Marriages and Bans of Marriage, respectively there 99 published or solemnized, shall be registered j and every 99 Page thereof shall be marked at the Top with the Fi-99 gure of the Number of every such Page, beginning at 99 the Second Leaf with Number One; and every Leaf <c or Page so numbered shall be ruled with Lines, at pro-99 per and Equal Distarices from each other, or as near as 99 may be; and all Bans and Marriages published or cele-99 brated in any Church or Chapel, or within any such 99 Parish or Chapelry, shall be respectively entered,- registered, printed, or written upon, or as near as conveniently may be t6', such ruled Lines, and shall be 99 signed by the Parson, Vicar, Minister, or Curate, or " by some other Person in his Presence, and by his t)i-99 region; and such Entries shall be made as aforesaid on 9t or near such Lines, jn successive Order, where thb " Paper is not damaged or decayed by Accident or 99 Length of Time, until a new Book shall be thought 99 proper or necessaty to be provided for the same Pur-9t poses; and then the Directions aforesaid shall be observed in every such new Book; and all Bdoks, pro-99 vided as aforesaid, shall be deemed to belong to fever^ " such Parish or Chapelry respectively; and shall be cire-99 fully,kept and preserved for publick Use."

.. Clause " E," the ne jtt Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second rime;

Several Afnendnherics were proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by irifetting, after the Wdrd, " the Words and for the Direction of Ministers in ih'6 u Celebration of Marriages and registering thereof;^ and alf6 by inferring, after the Word'99 Two," arid before,the Word " credible," the Words 99 or more/’

And the Questjpn 'being pit, that after the Word 99 tzfy," the Wdrds JCI and for the Direction Of -MiL " riifters in the Celebraricm* of Mah-iages and regiftdring 99 thereof" be inferred;

It Was resolved in^he Affirniarive. ’ *

And. the Question being put. That after the Wort c< TW," and beforfe the Word " credible," the Words 99 pr more," be inferred; (

It Was resolved in the Affirmative.

Thcri the said Amendment, so amended,

.the Question put thereupon, agreed so by-the and is as followeth; viz.

Clause (E.)

" And, in order to prefer ve the Evidence of Marriages, cc and to malcc the Proof thereof"more certain and taf^, 99 and for the Direction of‘Ministers in the Celebration o'f <c Marriages and registering thereof; Be it Enacted, c< That from and after the 25 th Day of March, in the <c Year 1754, all Marriages shall be solemnized in the " Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, betides ".the Minister who shall celebrare the fame; and that, 99 immediately after the Celebration of every Marriage, 99 an Entry thereof shall be made in such Registerto be \?9 kept as aforesaid; in which Entry or Regrfter it shall " be exj^effect that the said Marriage was edebrared by 9t Baris or Licence; and if both or either of the Parties 99 jramed by Licence be under Age, with Confertt of 99 Parents or Guardians, as the same shall be; and shall be 99 jSgned by the Minister, with his proper Addition, arid 99 also by the* Parties married, and attested by such Two H 41 Witnifles

Geo. II.

*c Witnesses; which Entry shall be made in the Form, u or to the Effect following; that is to say,

" and C.D. of [^/PariA

were married in this [££$;] by ]

" *',th Confen£ of[GuardUris,] th‘S °ay of

6 <y 4

-4 Juntu

857

in the Year

by me, J.J. Re£tor. 1; Vicar, Curate.

f4 This Marriage was solemnized between us A. B.

C.D.

44 In the Presence of E: F.

g. Hr

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for punish-Ing Persons falsifying any Entry in the Register relating to any Marriage, or altering, forging, or counterfeiting, any Licence of Marriage.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; Which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, and is as followeth; viz.

44 And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after the 25th 44 Day of March, in the Year 1754, with Intent to elude the Force of this Act, knowingly and wilfully inferr, *£ of cause to be inserted, in the Register Book of such Parish or Chapelry, as aforesaid, any false Entry of any " Matter or Thing relating to any Marriage, or falsly make, alter, forge or counterfeit or cause or procure 4c to be falsly made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or aft or assist in falsly making, altering, forging, or coun- terfeiting, any such Entry in such Register, or falsly make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure 4c to be falsly made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, of 14 assist in falsly making, altering, forging, or counterfcit- ing, any such Licence of Marriage, as aforesaid, or 14 utter of publish, as true, any such Life, altered, forged, 44 or counterfeited, Regimer, as aforesaid, or a Copy thereof, or any such false, altered, forged, or counter- feited. Licence of Marriage, knowing such Register or Licence of Marriage respectively to be false, altered, 44 forged, or counterfeited; or if any Person shall, from and after the said 25th Day of March, wilfully destroy, 44 or cause or procure to be destroyed, any Register Book of Marriages, or any Parc of such Register Book, with Intent to avoid any Marriage, or to subject any Person to any of the Penalties of this Act; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, 44 shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, 44 and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy."

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing that, in Support of any Marriage, it shall not be necessary to prove the Dwelling of the Parties in the Parish where Bans were publishtd, or ,the Marriage was

solemnized.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, being amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, and is as followeth; viz.

44 Provided always, That after the Solemnization ofany 14 Marriage, under a Publication of Bans, it shall not be tf necessary, in Support of such Marriage, to give any u Proof of the actual Dwelling of the Parties in the re-14 spedlive Parishes or Chapelries wherein the Bans of r< Matrimony were published; or, where the Marriage is 14 by License, it ft'-all not be necessary to give any Proof " that the usual Place of Abode of one of the Parties,

4 for the Space of Four Weeks as aforesaid, was in the Vol. 26.

sit

44 Parish or Chapelry where the Marriage was solemnized; Clandestint nor shall any Evidence, in either of the said Cafes, be Marriages. 44 received to prove the contrary in any Suit touching the Validity of such Marriage."

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against questioning the Legitimacy of Children after the Death of either of the Parents.

And the said Clause was once read.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause; be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Trite for,he } .

Tellers for he Noes, j "j; } ,oe.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That. a subsequent Marriage shall legitimate the Children.

And the said Clause was once read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Words following, in Pr. 2. L. 8, 9,

10, 11, and 12; viz. 44 and that the Publication of such Bans shall be entered and registered in the Register Book of such Parish or Chapelry wherein Marriages are usually entered and registered, by the Parson, Vicar,

44 Minister, or Curate, who publifheci the fame."

And the Question being put, That those Words (land Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The following other Amendments were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. j. L. 3. After Guardians/* to insert Mother or Mothers."

L. 10. After Guardians," to insert44 Mother or Mothers."

L. 15, 16. To leave out under his, her, or their Guardianship."

L. 29. After Guardians," to insert 44 or Mo-

44 ther."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 40 die Junii;

Anno a6° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prefemtion for the Amendment and Prefer vation of the publick High- Highways, ways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The‘House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill.

And the said Amendments were read, and areas followeth; viz.

P. 7. L. 6, 7. After Seven hundred," leave out tc Seven hundred."

Pr. 8. L. 37. After 44(hall" insert44not."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hpufe.

10 D Ordered,

Clandestine

Marriages,

Distemper among ft Cattle*

Earl Ashburnham’s Estate.

Clandestine

Marriages.

838 40 — 6° — 7 1753.

Ordered, That Mr. Fazdkerley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bril, with the Amendments, do pass 5

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

j S6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till fVednejday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6° die Junii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753. Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennei and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and continue, several Laws more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; for the more effectual paying the Expences of passing Vagranrs; for obviating Doubts that mayarife touching the Keeping of Prisoners until the Prison of the Marshal-Jea of the Court of King’s Bench shall be rebuilt, or repaired 5 and for amending so much of the Act, of the Twenty-fourth of his present Majesty, for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use, as relates to the Time of electing publick Officers of the City of Chesteri without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Estate at Bretberton, in the County of Lan-casier, pursuant to the Will of John late Earl of AJb~ burnbam, deceased, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 die Junii;

Anno 26° Georgii lldl Regis, 1753. Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Royal Affect to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his 10 Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for enlarging the Time limited by an Act of the last Scfion of Parliament for subscribing Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, into the joint Stock of Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the Puniftunent of Persons going armed, or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, to the Drawback of the Duties upon Copper Bars exported, and to the Duties upon foreign-made Sail-Cloth 5 and also for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and forencoU-raging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America, and for vacating the Security for the Duty on Salt loft in any River, or in Port after shipped, and for enlarging the Time for proving the Loss of Salt, and for Relief of Masters of Ships, with respect to the Importation of Soap and Candles, contrary to an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign; and also for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon British-nrddc Sailcloth, and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to direct the Payment of the Bounty to John Henniker, and others, upon Four Ships fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas, and also to Philip How, and others, upon Two Ships employed in the said Fishery, notwithstanding some of the Forms required by Law, in fitting out such Ships, were not complied with.

An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

An Act to explain, amend, and continue, several Laws more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom i for the more effectual paying the Expences of passing Vagrants; for obviating Doubts that mayarife touching the Keeping of Prisoners until the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench shall be rebuilt, or repaired; and for amending so much of the Act of the Twenty-fourth of his present Majesty for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correfing the Calendar now in Use, as relates to the time of Electing publick Officers of the City of Chester.

An Act for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and for providing one general Repofltory for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Pro-pofals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

An Act to explain, amend, and continue, the Provisions made by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Nineteenth and Twenty-first Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland', and to make Provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful Debts or Claims upon the Lands and Hereditaments that some time belonged to Alexander Robertson, of Strowan; which, with other forfeited Estates, are, by an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, annexed to the Crown unalienable.

An Act for regulating the Manner of licensing Ale-houses in that Part of Great Britain called England; and iq for

i<5 Geo. It. *7° juttu*

859

in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to bc Royai ^ffent settled to the Uses therein mentioned, to Bills.

An Act for vesting the Parts or Shares late belonging to Benjdmi# Brain Merchant, deceased, of and in One Twenty-fourth Part of the Eastern Division of the Province of New Jersey, in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting the Advowson of Long Litton, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, to be fold3 and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Rawftorn Esquire, at Baffeldon, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

An Act to enable John Craigte of Dumbamie, Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Perth, and lay out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said John Craigie, in the County of Fife 3 and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to impower William Hunt Grubbe Esquire, to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Wilts, and for vetting the Monies arising by Fines, to be received for such Leases, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments,

Part of the settled Estate of Valentine Knightley Esquire, in the County of Northampton, in the said Valentine Knight-ley, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

An Act for confirming the Will of Littleton Pointz Meynell Esquire, deceased; and for making Provision for Godfrey Meynell Esquire, his eldest Son and Heir, and Judith Meynell, his Daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his Second Son and Devisee, to make a Jointure during his Minority; and for settling the Estates of the said Littleton Pointz Meynell to the Uses therein mentioned.

An Act for railing Money by Sale of the Estates, late of Hugh Fowler, of Robeftone, in the County of Pembroke,

Esquire, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same; and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid.

An Act to diffolvc the Marriage of Samuel Low Esquire, with Elizabeth Rogers his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with John Philpot and John JIutchinfon, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, CommonPaftures, CommonMeadows, CommonG rounds, and Wade Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Hillmorton} in the County of Warwick.

for the more easy convicting PersonS selling Ale and other Liquors, without Licence.

An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingclom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

An Act to confirm certain Acts and Orders made by Justices of the Peace, being of the Quorum, notwithstanding any Defect in not expressing therein that such Justices of the Peace are of the Quorum.

An Act for the preventing of the Inconveniencies and Dangers that may arise from the present Methods of digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other Materials, on the several Commons and Wafie Grounds within this Kingdom, for the Repair of the Highways, and for other Purposes.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lefices.

An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable the Owners of Houses and Lands, in the Parish of Saint Botolph, without Aldersgate, and the Inhabitants thereof, to repair the Church and Steeple belonging to the said Parish.

An Act to enable James Mallors to open a Street from the West Side of King's Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the Back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, on the West Side of De!a-baye Street, in the same Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling,on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes.

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads, in the County of Peebles, leading from Yweeds-cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Wheam, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Jnglefton through Carlops, until all the said lioads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh.

An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from the Red Post, in the Parish of Fivebead, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwelb, and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane; and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham.

An Act for Sale of an Ellate at Bretherton, in the County of Lancaster, pursuant to the Will of John late Earl of Ashburnham deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition of several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, belonging to Sir Cyril Wich Baronet, Elizabeth Willson, and Mary Yurlon, respectively, and a Settlement made thereof for the Benefit of the several Parties intitled to the several undivided Shares thereof before such Partition.

An Act to impower the Guardians of Frances Fitzroy Scudamore, an Infant, to make Building Leases of her Estate, in Southwark, in the County of Surry.

An Act for Sale of the undivided Moieties of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, the settled Estate of Matthew Manning, Doctor in Physic, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt affecting the same 3 and for laying out the Surplus thereof Vol. 06.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth 3 viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE Season of the Year is so far advanced, and the Business before you so entirely finished, that it is necessary to put an End to this Session of Parliament; the Zeal which you have shewn for my Person and Government, in all your Proceedings, calls for my sincere Thanks 3 and the Care and Assiduity you have exerted in making such Provisions as may advance the Commerce of my Subjects,

supply

840 7° Juttii — 140 Augusti — %f Septembris, 1753*

supply and extend their Manufactures, and put a Stop to fbme Disorders that required Reformation, are no, left agreeable to me, than they are Proofs of your Prudence inlaying hold of this Time of Tranquillity to make domestick Improvements.

The State of Foreign Affairs has received nO material Alteration since your Meeting; you may depend on.my steadily pursuing the same Principles and Ends \ybich I then declared to you; to preserve the Peace, to consult the real Prosperity of my People, and at the same time to assert and maintain the Honour and just Rights of my Crown and Kingdoms, arc the fixed. Objects of all my Measures.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons*

In granting the Supplies for the current Year, you have equally shewn your Concern for the publick Service, and your Regard to the Ease of your Fellow Subjects. I thank you for both, as well as for providing with lo much Forefight fqr the future Augmentation of the Sinking Fund,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have nothing to desire of you, but what I am per-, fuaded you wilh for yourselves. Do your ucmost Endeavours in your several Counties to promote the true Interest and Happiness of my People; to propagate Industry, and to preserve good Order and Regularity amongst them; make them sensible of the BJeflings they enjoy; and by these Means the Quiet and Security of my Government will be belt established.

Ar.d afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

IT is his Majesty’s royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to the Fourteenth

Day of August next, to be then here held; and this , Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of August next.

Mart is, i 40 die Augusti;

Anno 27" <?eofgii IF' Regis/1753.

THE House being met, pursuant toth.e last PfP.rg

gat'on; ..

AMeflage was brought from the Lords, Mf. Quar.m, DeputyGentJeman-Ufli.er of the Black Rod; . Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Coip--mission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honour- able House in the Hou/e of Peers, to hear the Coinmifijog read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Hou/e, went up tq the House of Peers; where the Commission was read the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 27th Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 27 Day of* September next.

?TT'-' r ? — *-----: r-r rrl

Jqvis, 2 70 die

Anno 270 Georgii IF* Regis, 175J.

THE Hou/e being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation,

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Word) Peputy Gentleman-U/her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Com-’ million, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honours able House in the House of Peers, to hear the Coinmifiipq read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up fq the House of Peers; where the Commission was read fof the further proroguing of the Parliament until the 15th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until fburfday the 15th Day of November next.

JOURNALS

JO UR N AL S

OF T H E

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Seff 1753 — 4.

Ifeftgctfr

attend the Xing.

Chsdtftuie

Outlawries.

The Kings Speech repotted.

Jovisy 150 die Novembris;

Anno 27° Georgii 11" Regis, 1753.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned 1

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the first time.

Rejelvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers, where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen* -

I have called you together as early as your Attendance upon your private Affairs would admit 5 and 1 am confident that you are all met with the best Dispositions to give such Application and Dispatch to the Business of this Section as may be most conducive to the publick Utility. The Events of this Year have not made it necessary for me to offer any thing in particular to your Consideration relating to foreign Affairs. The Continuance of the publick Tranquillity and the general State of Europe remain upon the same Foot as when we last parted, and you may be assured of my Steadiness in pursuing the most effectual Measures to preserve to my People the Blessings of Peace. Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have nothing to ask of you, but the necessary Supplies for the ordinary Services of the ensuing Year, and such as have already been under your Consideration. I have ordered Estimates to be laid before you; and from the Experience I have had of your constant Regard for my Honour, and the Security as well as Ease of your Fellow Subjects, I entertain no Doubt of your making the proper Provisions for these Purposes.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am sorry to be obliged again to mention to you a Subject which reflects Dilho/iour upon the Nation, as well as creates great Danger and Mischicfto my good Subjects. It is with the utmost Regret 1 observe,that the horrid Crimes of Robbery and Murder are of late rather increased than diminished. I am sensible, that Works of Reformation are not to be cff'ected at once; but every body should contribute their best endeavours; and let me earnestly VoL. 26.

recommend it to you to continue your serious attention to this important Object. Wharibever shall be found expedient, either in this or any other Respect, for the Welfare and Happiness of my People, shall meet with my hearty Concurrence and Support.

Resolved, Nemine contradictnte, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to promise his Majesty, that we will not fail on our Parts to give such Application and Dispatch to the Business of this Section as may be most conducive to the publick Utility; to express our Satisfaction at the happy Continuance of the general Tranquillity, our Gratitude to his Majesty for his constant Attention to an Object so essential to the Interests of his People, and our Confidence in his Majesty’s Steadiness to pursue the most effectual Measures for preservingto us the many Blcfiings that rciult from it; to promise his Majesty, that We will chearfully raise such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Services of the ensuing Year, and to testify to his Majesty how pleasing it is to us to receive freffi Marks of his gracious Approbation of our part Zeal and Regard for his Honour, as well as for the Security and Ease of our Fellow-Subjects; to declare our great Concern, that the Methods hitherto attempted to repress and prevent the horrid Crimes of Robbery and Murder, lo grievous as well as dishonourable to the Nation, have proved ineffectual; and to assure his Majesty, that however difficult the Talk may be to reform or even restrain the Desperate and Abandoned, we will nevertheless persevere in our serious Endeavours to find out, if possible,.a more adequate Remedy against such Enormities, being fully persuaded, from an uninterrupted Experience of his Majesty’s goodness, that we shall have not only his Majesty’s Concurrence, but also Support, in every Measure rhat shall be found expedient in this, or any other Respect, for the Welfare and Happiness of his People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. William Lyttelton, Mr. Colleton, Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Campbell, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pottery Mr. Nugent, Mr. Villiersy Lord Bupplin, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Pooley Mr* Godolphin, Mr. Vyner, Mr. 6dlujlury, Mr. Clay tony Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Hay,' Mr. Levejon Gower, Mr. Watson, Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ockenden, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Cooke, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the Lid Committee.

10 E Ordered\

Address on the King's Speech,

<1

Call of the House.

Higham Ferrer* Writ.

Harwich

Writ.

Flint Writ.

Litchfield

Writ.

Bedford

Writ.

Grand Com* miuee*.

Committee of Privilege*.

842 15° — I

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday Fortnight the 4th Day of December next.

Ordered, That such Members, & shall not (sten attend, be sent for in Custody of the Servant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess ro serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, in the room of John Hill Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W.rit for the Elcfting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of the Right Honourable Edward Coke Esquire, commonly called Lord Vifcounc Coke, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eiedting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, in the room of Kyffin Williams Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Kicking ofa Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfield, in the room of the Honourably RichardLevejon Gower Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffqc his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crowp, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bedford, in the room of Sir Danvers Osborne Baronet, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of-Governor of his Majesty's Province of New York.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 160 die Novemhris;

Anno 2 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753, Prayers.

QRDBRED, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every 7hurfday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for the Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed:

And a Committee was apppointed of Lord Dupplin, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Anson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hay, Mr. Metcalfe, General Handafyd, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Colletm, Mr. Willes, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Lamle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. West, Mr, Clevland, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gore, Mr. Potter, Mr. Stephens, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Tracy, Sir John Cust, Mr. Chenvynd, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Egmont, Mr. Kynaston, M*. Lewis, Mr. Kent, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Richards, Mr. harbor, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Compton, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Novemhris. 1753.

Powney, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Alderman Bet bell, Mr. WiU kin son. Lord Downe, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Morton, I\JLr. Robin-Jbn, Mr. Bayntun; Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Fimh, Mr. Salufiury, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Burrell, Mr. PovMitt, Mr.

Corks, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Campbell, M*. Pin,

Mr. Allgood, Mr. Gwyntie, Admiral Rowley, Lord George Cavendfh, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Oswald, Admiral Town-Jbenfi, Colonel Haldane, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Noel, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Nor-they, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Lafielles, Mr. Edg-cumbt* Mr. MKenfie, Lewd Barrington, Mr. tyffley*

JVlr. Carmichael, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Thorton, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Aid worth, Mr. Martin, Mr. Barne;

Mr. Barrow, Mr. Poore, Mr. Bond, Mr. Chauncey Towrfend, Mr, Charlton, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Clavtll,

Mr. Rcwney, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Horatio Walpole junior, Mr. Phillipfcn, Mr. To?.he, Mr, Butler, Mr. Wcdehcufe, Sir William Stanhope, Colonel A*court. Sir George (Jxenden, General Onslow, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Hill, Mr. Hw%

Finch, Mr. Ntwnham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Sy+ denham, Mr. Gower, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Horatio Walpcle folio r, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Chet* wynd junior, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. William Lyttelton, Mr. Pye, Mr. Thomas Fonereau, Mr. Willy,

Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. Alderman Baker, Lord Mount Charles, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Shelley r. Filters,

Mr. Jeffries, Lord Luxborough, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Mostyn, Sir James Dafiwood, Captain Saunders, Mr. Glanville, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Char Us Townfield,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Watson, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Edward Willes, Mr. Ker, Mr, Berkeley, Sir CharUs Kemys Tynte*

Sir Francis Dashwood, Lord Wenman, Mr. Thonbagb,

Mr. Gafiry, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Hume: And they are to meet upon this Day Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon: And ail who come are to have Voices: And they are to take into ConGderation all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges$ and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons who will queliion any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next, after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Perfgns, Papers, and Records, for their information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they w ill serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: and if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate:

And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right uraal to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve Orders, in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath* procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or aoy. orher corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in resprft of his Evidence to be given to thi$ House, or any Committed 7 thereof;

27 Geo. II.

thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour j and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against l'uch Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Refohed* That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain* for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him ? And that he do not presume to deliver the feme to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume so bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and open i and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders. in West-wrinster-bali, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament i and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmeo, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster i and that he do feexhe same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

OrderedThat the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered* That, to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of Vofc. 26.

843

Letters directed tti Membefs of this House, the Person UfuaiOrders*

appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office

to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by

the Post-master General, do, for the future, every Day*

during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, con-

stancly attend* from Ten of the Clock in the Morning,

till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least

immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on

every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from Five of the

Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed

for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care,

during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several

Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to theit

known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes

under the Hands of tht Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packer* directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting* with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perilled by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bill*, private Bills, after the Eleventh Day of January next.

Resolved* That, in all Cases of controverted Elections Controverted for Counties in England and Wales* to be heard at the £lc&ions« Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the fitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objefled to, who voted for the fitting Members; giving in the said Lifts the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the fitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts on their Part to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Mr. Lyttelton reported from the Committee appointed Address on Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his d* KjnS1 Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address Specc accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

And we assure your Majesty, that we will not fail on our Parts to give such Application ind Dispatch to the Business of this Session as may be m6ft conducive to the publick Utility.

The

16° NoUembris.

16° — 170 — 190 Novembris. 1753.

The happy Continuance of the general Tranquillity calls upon us to express our Gratitude to your Majesty for your constant Attention to an Object so dfential to the Interest of your People, and we have the utmost Confidence in your Majesty’s Wisdom and Steadincfs, that you will pursue the most eftcdual Measures for preserving to this Naion the inestimable Bl. flings of Peace.

We beg Leave to allure your Majesty, that we will chearfully rajfc inch Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Services of the ensuing Year.

Nothing can be more pleasing to your faithful Commons, than to receive fresh Marks of your Majesty’s " gracious Approbation of our past Zeal and Regard for

your Honour, as well as for the Security and Ease of our Fellow-subjects.

We lament, with the deepest Concern, that the Methods hitherto attempted to repress and prevent the horrid > Crimes of Robbery and Murder, so grievous as well as dishonourable to this Nation, have proved ineffectual; but we assure your Majesty, that however difficult the Talk may be 10 reform, or even restrain, the Desperate and Abandoned, we will nevertheless perfrverc in our serious Endeavours to provide, if it be possible, a more adequate Remedy against such Enormities, being fully persuaded, from an uninterrupted Experience of your Majesty’s Goodness, that we shall be assisted by your Majesty *s Concurrence and Support in every Measure that shall be found expedient in this, or any other Respect, for the Welfare and Mappiness of your People.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, Thar the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole Idoufe.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of liifc Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty's Pieafure, when he will be attended by this House.

The King's Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to

Si etch to be both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration conflicted. Xo.morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic 1j° die Novembris;

Anno af Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

County of Dorset; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Bridport to the Town of Beamifter, in the said County of Dorset; and also the Road leading from Charmouth Bridge aforesaid, through the Town of Ax-minster, and through the Parishes of KUmingtbn and Shute, in the County of Devon, as far as a Place called Wilmington Water, at the West Ehd of the Parish of Dalwood, in the said County of Dorset; wais presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Roads aforesaid from AJkerJwell Hill to Wilmington Water, and from the said Town of Bridport to the said Town of Beamifter, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious, and, in the Winter Season,many Parts thereof are so bad, that Carriages cannot pass with* out Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be effectually amended, the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads go, being not of Ability ro amend the fames and further setting forth. That Part of the Road aforesaid, from the said Bridge called Charmouth Bridge to the Top of the Hill called Charmouth Hilly is so steep, rocky, narrow, and of lb great a Height, that the same is very dangerous; and that the said Hill may easily be avoided by making a Road under the North West: Side thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and diverting, the Road aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall Lem meet. 1

Ordered, That the la d Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Sir Richard UoyJ, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wat Jon, Mr. West, Mr. Fairfax, Mr* Gore, Mr. Morris, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hay, Mr. Butler, Mk LaJcelles, Mr. Southweliy M r. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston,h/lVi Hunter, Lord- Mount Charles, Mr. Walpole, Mr Fellowes, Lord Parker, Mr. Caley, Mr. Knight ley, Lord Dupplint Mr. ¥ own [bendy Mr. G> ay9 Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Lyjiet', Mr. Richards, Admiral To u;v[jendy Mr. More ten; and all the Members who serve for the Gountics pt DorJet9 Wilts, SomerJet9 Devon9 and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon a,t Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,* Nine of the Clock. r , '

Lunce> 190 die Novembris ;.

Prayers; Anno 27* Georgii II41 Regis,* 1753.

Time ap- Ti/fR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his ic ‘.

pointed for xVX Majesty, having been waited upon (puriuant to the Prayers.

Addrefs2 Order of Yefierday) humbly to know his Majesty’s A PETITION of Cajpar Grevenkop was presented GremkopV ’ Pieafure when he’would be attended by this Hpufe, had to the House, and read; praying, That Leave mpy Nat.

vbeen pleased to^ appoint this Day, before Two of the be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

\ The Order of the Day being read; Gray and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring, in the

Tf»e KingV The House proceeded to take into Consideration his fame,

fidcred COrU nl0^: Braci°us Speech to both Houses of Par-

1 cre liament. A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto. Treat Bridge

And the same Was again read by Mr. Speaker. subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in tht Road.

Supply. And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

to his Majesty; repairing the Road from Trent Bridge, in the County of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning the Town of Nottingham, through Coflock, otherwise Cort*

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester, j

to consider of that Motion. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

the said Road was, at the Time of Patting the said Act, j

Aflcerfwell A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, in so ruinous a Condition, that the Money borrowed, and

Hill Roads. JJving jn> near, and usually travelling, the Road from a now remaining due, on the Credit of the Lid Act, canpoc Certain Lanchett or Intrenchment on AJkerJwell Hill, of- be rrpaid, and the Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless pofite to Chilcomb Farm, in the County of Dorset, through the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act be the Town of Bridport, to Charmouth Bridge, in the said enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual: And

therefore

J

27 Geo. II. ip° — 2od

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for' the Purposes aforesaid.

Order edy'Xhac the said Petition be referred to the Conside ration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Yhomhagh, Mr. Barry, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Willes, Mr. Lxjler, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Prowse, Mr. # Southwell, Mr. Rowney% Sir William Yotige; Mr. Bertie,* Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. P/7/, Mr. Richards,

Mr. Collet on i Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Wilfcn, Mr. Barrow, Mr. yiffieck, Sir William Calvert> Commodore Mr.

Pi//, Mr. Salufbwy, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. /fcr, Mr. Gray, Mr. Earle. Mr. Hay, Mr. Butler, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Robinson, Sir Cor del Fi/ebrace, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Wenman, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Charlton, Sir P*/*r Thompson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pe'ham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Dkrby, Leicester, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: 'And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

AnfWer to Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, upon Saturday Address. last attended his Majesty with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleated to give this most gracious An -fwer.

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this dutiful and affectionate Address.

You may firmly rely on* my best Endeavours to promote, on all Occasions, the true lncerefts and Happiness of my People.

Soppijr* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday lad. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Nitoralt- Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a »non of Motion, it being after Two of the Clock; p0rci2£ And he moved the House accordingly.

rotc r And Part of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants and others, therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, being read;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House a Copy of the Lifts transmitted by the Secretaries of his Majesty’s re-fpcCtive Colonies in America to the Office of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, containing an Account of the Names of all such Persons professing the Jewish Religion, who have, since the ift Day of June 1740, incitled themselves to the Benefit of an Act, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants and others, therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty *s Colonies in America.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as arc of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Yol. 26.

NoVembriS. 84s

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

. f__- - - . -

Marthj 2o° die Nov

Anno 27* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That fonrte of the Com- Accounts of missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; East India They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Profaibitc<^ House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, RuffiaaNava

N° 1. An Account of prohibited Goods remaining in stor the East India Warehouses in St. Helen'%, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1752; also what brought in since, what exported, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1753: And also*

N° 2. An Account of East India prohibited Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at Leadenball and Fenchurch-streety at Michaelmas 1752; what have fmcc been brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1753: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas iJpZi what have been fmee brought jn, what exported, as also ,what remained at Michaelmas,

1753: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1752; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1753: And also,

N° 5. An Account 6f prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered our of the Warehouses at St.

Helen's, Fenchurch-Jlrtety LeadenballJlreet, and Custom-house, in the Pprt of Lcndcny at Michaelmas 1752. in order to be dvecl, glared,; what has been returned, , and what remained out of the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1733: And also,

N° 6. An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1732 to Michaelmas 1753: And also,

N°7- An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England\ commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1752 to Michaelmas 1753.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God Gilling Edmund, by Divine Permission, Lord Bishop of Chester, Exchange* James Shuttleworthy of Forcett, in the County of York,

Esquire, James Worjley Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Gilling, in the same County, and in the Diocese of Chester, and of Margaret Wharton Spinster, Mary Wharton Spinster, John Hall Stevenson Ekjuire, and Anne his Wife, and William Farquharson Esquire and Frances his Wife, Patrons of the said Parish Church and Vicarage of Gilling aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by Articles of Agreement dated the 17th of August 1753, made between the said James Shuttle worth of the one Part, and the said James Worjley, the said Bishop of Chester, Margaret Wharton, Mary Wharton, John Hall Stevenson, and Anne his Wife, and William Farquharson and Frances his Wife, of the other Part; the said James Shuttleworth had, with the Confene and Approbation of the said Bishop of Chtjier, the Diocesan and Ordinary, and of the said Margaret Wharton, Mary Wharton, John Hall Stevenson and Anne his Wife, and William Farquhar-Jon and Frances his Wife, covenanted and agreed co exchange the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, situate in Eppleby and 10 F Forcett,

Bazin’s, &c. Nat.

Grevcnkop’s

Nat.

Supply.

Navy and Army Estimates, dec.

845

Forcett, in the said Parish of Gtiling) for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish, Parc of the Glebe Lands of the said Church, belonging to the said James Worfty and his Successors, in right of the said Vicarage; and also to grant and release to the said James Worsley and his Successors, Vicars of Gilling, a Modus of Five Shillings per Annum, payable to him the said James Shuttleworth and his Heirs, by the Vicars of Gilling, for the Time being, in lieu of Tythes ifiiiing out of the Lands of Forcett 5 and that the said James Worsley, with the like Consent of the said Bishop of Chester, Margaret Wharton, Mary IVbarton) John Hall Stevenjon and Anne his Wife, and William Farqubarfon and Frances his Wife, had covenanted and agreed to grant and release to the said James Shuttleworth) and his Heirs, all the said Premises belonging to him the said James Worsley, as Vicar of Gilling; and that, although the carrying of the said Agreement into Execution will be of mutual Benefit to the said James Shuttleworth and his Family, and to the said Vicar and his Successors, yet, as Part of the said Lands and Estate of the said James Shuttleworth, agreed to be exchanged as aforesaid, (land limited and settled upon hrmfelf and his lfiue, in drift Settlement, the said Agreement cannot be effectually carried into Execution, without an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for effecting, establishing, and continuing, the Exchange so agreed upon between the said James Shuttleworth and the said Vicar of Gilling,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Comptroller and Mr. Wilkinjon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Isaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, and Peter Guinard) was prefenced ro the House, and read: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Recording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hay and Lieutenant General Handafyd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Cajper Grevenkop: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Refolulion, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to kps Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1754. with the Half-pay Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1754, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1754, be bid before this House.

A-1753-

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty *s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1754, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out Penfiooers of Chetfea Hospital, for the Year 17J4.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House; Difp0fiti<m shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the of Grantt. Year 1753, have been disposed of; distinguished under their fcvcial Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Surplus of fhewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years Aggregate ending at the 5th Day of April 175 3, and the 10th Day ofpuml. October 1753, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called*’ the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fuad.

Rtjolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty ’s most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of Frederick Von Gebren was presented to Gehren’s the House, and read: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Barry, and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their AnfWerto Address of Monday last (that his Majesty would be* gra- AJirefs, ciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Lifts therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be graci* oully pleased to give Directions, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this Hgufe,

That he will give DircCtionsaccqrdingly.

The

2 o°- — 210 Novembris.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, Service not and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this Prov,<ld fa* House.

Ordered, That Mr. Munday have Leave to stay in the Leave Country, for the Recovery of his Health, of Abfeoct

Mercuriiy 210 die Novembris \

Anno 27* Georgii IIdt Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, R

a Bill for naturalizing John Isaac Bazin, Lewis aau C* Ogier, and Peter Guinard: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be a Second time.

Ordnance

Estimate.

17 Geo. II.

it0 Novem.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, prrfented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, lor she Year 1754.

847

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preserved amohgft the other Papers of this Session: And the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1754.

H* 1.

2.

3-

O4'.

5-

6.

7*

8.

9*

10.

11.

12. 13* I4*

Yards,

*5*

Tp the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Commissioners of the Navy; with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments; and Contingencies relating thereto —

1 £ *

Superannuated Sea Officers - - 13,31 o 16 4

Pensions and other Allowances - - - 3,090 11 8

Chatham - - - /- - — - 3,448 o 6

Deptford - 3,142 II 4

Woolwich - - 2,52o 8 8

Portsmouth - - - - . 4,298 14 6

Sheorness - - 1,813 4 6

Plymouth ----- 2,510 10 6

Mofter-matter, and other Officers of the Out-Ports «. -

Wages to Shipi and Vessels in ordinary - :,:v; ‘ - -

Viduals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and ti&pbov? Rigging. -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, aftd of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, idc. 1 - - - - . -

Ilalf-pay to Sea Officers -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1754

To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country; there being now Thirteen hundred Men maintained in the said Hospital; and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Building; and other Incidents of the said Hospital; for the Year 1754i Ten thousand Pounds - -

£ s. d. 33,953 14 1 16,401 8 o

I7>733 *0 o

2,765 6 11 41,116 1 3

17,711 12 6 29,550 o o

69,516 o x> 50,000 o o

278,747 12 9

10,000 o o

288,747 12 9

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 17J4, amounts to Two hundred Eighty-eight thousand Seven hundred Forty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

S. Mojlyn, Jof Allin, Dan. Dovert,

R. OJbome, Edwd Falkitigham, G. Adams.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1754 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1754*

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehopfes, Magazines,

Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries,

and incident Charges -

t>, it- r- *1 f Mahon, Gibraltar and North Britain

L J A rM 7obn's> Ferryland, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour,

Officers and Art.fi- j b -

ers> a I Annapolis Royal

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 1,135 Men, Officers included, for Service of South and North Britain, and the Garrisons at Mahon, Gibraltar, St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, Placentia, and Annapolis Royal -Establishmenc of an Academy at Woolwich, for the Instruction of the Artillery People -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several Expeditions; with the Half-pay of Officers reduced -

Vol. 26.

£ s. d.

38*835 7 6

2,9° 1 0 0

2,048 11 3

l>359 12 6

3»253 2 6

1,000 867 O 0

5 0

2,678 12 11

80,94311

extra-

St. Luke's

Parish

Strecis.

848

2i° Novembris.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and re-

extraordinaries.

Gibraltar Mahon -

pairing Store-houses, supplying Stores at

Annapolis Royal

and S Placentia



Harbour, in Newfoundland 1 o complete the repairing the Officers and Soldiers Barracks at Gibraltar

Towards erecting a new Fort at Afderjeer Point, near Inverness -Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks, in Scotland Towards rebuilding the Storchouses and Barracks in Edinburgh Castle Towards building and repair- fSbeemeJs and Gillingham - -

ing the Fortifications at / Portsmouth and Gosport -Towards rebuilding the Barrack at Portsmouth called Land Port To complete One of the Piles of Barracks in the Yower Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel One hundred Tons of Salt Petre - . -r

EXCEEDINGS, for which no Allowance hath been made by Far

Charge of making Barrack Bedsteads, Truflels, and Barfack Eurniiture, for Ule of the Forces at Minorca, purfqanp to his M^efly^arrant>.24 t March 1752 - - - _ - \ -

Ordnance and Stores lent to Castle William \n the Province of the Maflachu-Jet's Bay, pursuant ro his Majesty’s Order in Council, 31 May 1753 -

Ordnance and Stores sent to the Colony of Virginia (ar Service of, thf Forts , — the Ohio River% in Maryland, pursuant to his Majesty's Order in

*753

it- '

3#oooo 0 0

2,5°° 0 0 1

2,000 0 0

1,000 0 0 fv

/ 2,000 0 0

208 2 0

10*708 2 ©

1 * 10,000 0 0

— *>5°o 0 0

»>i°o 0 0

- 1*000 0 0

3>9oo 0 0

2,000 0 0

— m 1>t95*8 S

- ~ i. "* 2,000 0 0

*" - I 4jJ0o 0 0

118*347 12 4

liament, 1753: / -

on

Council, 10 Augu/l 1753, and Order signifiea by the Earl of Holden:ffe, principal Secretary of State, 27 August 1753 v

Arms delivered to the Three Independent Companies of Invalids, doing Duty at JerJeyr pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 6 February j 753 Arms delivered to the Province of Maryland, in lieu of . the like Number by them lent for Service of the intended Expedition to Canada, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 1 June 1753 Alio Arms, Powder, and Stores, sent as a Present to the . Narions of Indians in the British Interest, bordering upon the Province of New York, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, 8 August 1753 - -

£ C/i.

259 7 o

26

578

o

Tents delivered for Service of the Troops in Scotland\ pursuant to his' Majesty's Warrant, 30 August 1753 -

W. R- Earle.

Savings arising from Vacancies of the JPofts of Master General, Secretary, tinder Secretary, and Clerk, to the Master General and Chief Engineer, amounting to the Sum of£.2,426. 12/. 6*/.$ and which remains unified to this Office of the Sum granted for Service of the Year 1753.

y. Z. Ligonier, Charles Frederick,

A’ Wilkinjon, 7# A Charlton,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that tht to be perused by the Members of the House* Petitioners may have such other Relief, in the Premifcs,

as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Recftor, Churchwardens, Overseers of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Poor, Constables, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabi- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-ranrs; of the Parish of St. Luke, in the County of Middle- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it /hall

Jex, was prefenced to the House, and read; letting forth, appear to them, to the House: ,

That by the Lawsin being no effectual Provision is made And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Robinson, Sir for enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Richard Lltyd, Mr. Kent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and Passages, within the Vernon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Sydenham, Admiral Vernon, said Parijfh, or for establishing, maintaining, and govern- Mr. Tracy, Sir William Irby, Mr. ZW*, Mr. Fazakerley, ing, a nightly Watch, or for repairing and amending all Lord Barrington, Lord Harley, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Compton* the Roads and Highways there 1 for want of which, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Wenman, Mr. Nuisances are suffered, and many bad Accidents have Batburjl, Mr. Gildart, Sir Charles Powlett, Mix. Wigfy* happened; and alleging, That if the said Inhabitants were Mr. /terry, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Southwell, Mr. rnabled, by Parliament, more effectually to enlighten and Mr. Alderman Baker, Lord Downe, Sir Wuham^ :Iean the said Streets and other Places^ and to regulate vert, Mr. Villiers, Sir William* Yonge, Mr. Town/om^ he rightly Watch, and to amend the Highways, within Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Mojlyn, Mr. Grr*, Mr* he faicl Parish, it would be ofpubJick Advantage: And yrr, Mr. A>rr, Mr. West, Lord Carysfort, aP. , here fore praying the House, That Leave may be given Saunders, Mr. Mr. Gwfr, Mr. Barrow,

Privilege.

27 Geo. It;

21* Novemiris.

849

miralTownfh end, Mr. Medlicot,lAr. Palmer, Mr. Richards, Mr. Tho'rnhagb, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gower, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Walpole-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Complaint being itiade to the Hotife, Th&t, in breach of the Privilege of this House, Francis Cdtlitl, Thomas Carlill the Elder, Thomas CarlHl the Younger, John CarT lill the Elder, John Carlill the Younger, William Carlill, John Rayley, and William Kidd, of Elloughton, in thfc County of York, Yeoman, did, upon the 23d, 14th, and 25th, Days of May lad, in a riotous and forcible Manner, enccr upon the Lands of Luke Robinson Esquire (a Mem-

ber of this House) in the Parish of Elloughton aforesait^ and break down the Banks and Inclosures thereof, and put their Cattle upon the said Lands;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the famei with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Estimate off to their Address to his Majesty, ., Guards, Gar-

Eftirhate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and rifons, Ac. pther his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1754: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1754.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, arid other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain,

for the Year 1754*

( First Troop of Guards J Second Ditto - - ¥»-

Horse. \ First Troop of Grenadier Guards I Second Ditto - - - _ -

V Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

" First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto - . -

Third Ditto -Royal Regiment of Dragoons Lieutenant General Campbell's / Lord Tyr aw ley's -

Sir Robert Rich's -

Major General Cholmondeley's Sir John Cope's - -

Sir John Mordaunt's -

Ear] of Aticrdm's -

Dragoons.

Foot.

Invalids.

First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldfiream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards

Colonel Howard's -

Lieutenant General Wolfe's -Colonel Borland's -Lieutenant General Skelton's Lieutenant General Pulteney's Lord George Beauclerk's Lord Viscount Bury's Lieutenant General Hujke's Colonel Holme's -

Colonel Leighton's -

Lieutenant General Johnforfs

Colonel Parson's Regiment -£25 Independent Companies

General and Staff Officers -Garrisons, with Fire and Candle -Contingencies upon Account

War-Office,

21st November 1753.

Total

H. Fox.

Numbers.

l8l

181

177

176

337

426

285

285

285

285

285

285

285

285

285

285

Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 365 Days.

I LO52

1,641

1.054

1.054 815

815

815

815

815

81 s

815 815 815

‘8ij

8i5

5i5

1,300

3»276

12,714

1,815

18,857

£ ... * d.

17.349 !3 4

17.349 i3

10,870 l8

io,743 3 26,876 3

*M47 3 4 14,67$ o 10

14.676 o 10

14.676 o 10

14.676 o 10

14.676 o 10

14.676 o 10

14.676 o 10

14.676 o 10

14.676 o 10

14.676 o 10

TOTAL.

45>io4 17 6

29,321 13 4

29.376 8 4

!5,217 9 2

15.217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15.217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 1

15,217 9 2

15.217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15.217 9 2

9,906 14 2

22,584 7 6

16,000 O O

37*3* 2 I I

20,000 O O

{. d.

83,189 11 4

168,307 II 8

271.19$ 0 0

32,491 i 8

73,132 2 "

628,315 7 11

Vql. 26.

10 G

Supply.

850 210 — 2 2° Nove 1753.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations^ Minorca, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1754.

Numbers. *ay of the Regiments,; TOTAL

In the PLANTATIO ($c. for 365 Days.

£ s. d

Colonel Duroure's Regiment - 394 - - - 9,748 10 10

Colonel Hopfon's r - - . 815 - - - I5>217 9

ColonelWarbur ton's - 8.5 - - - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Frelawry's - 733 - - - 15,381 14 2

4 Companies at New Fork - - . - 445 - - - 7,141 16 8

1 Company at Bermudas - 58 - - - 1,049 7 6

1 Company in the island of Providence - IJO - - - 2,466 15 IO

3 Companies at South Carolina - - - . 345 - - - 5,830 17 6 72,054 — 10

3>755

Garrisons at Annapolis Roydl, Canso, Placentia, and St.

1 1 i r A - - - " - w 2,870 12 6

At MINORCA.

Colonel Rick's Regiment - 815 - - - 15*217 9 a

Colonel Cornwall^s, ----- 8.5 - - - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Russel*s - - - - 815 - - - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Stuart's - 815 - 15,217 9 2

3.260 60,869 16 8

Officers of the Girrifon, 6iV. - - ~ - - - - 5,871 iS 9

At GIBRALTAR.

Lieutenant General Guise's Regiment - 815 ... 15,217 9 2

Colonel Braddockys - - - 815 - - - 15,217 9 2

Earl of Panmure's - - 815 - - . 15,217 9 2

Lord Robert Manners's - 815 - - - 15,217 9 2

60,869 16 8

Officers of the Garrison, &?<:. - - " - - - - 3.749 3*

Provisions for Colonel Hopfons Regiment at Nova Scotia

and Newfoundland, deducting 4J. per Diem but of the

Subfillence of each Non-commission Officer andpri-

vate Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government 2,839 711

Provisions for Colonel tVarburton's Regimen* at Nova

Scotia ----- - - . 2,839 711

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar - - - 24,000 - -

Provisions for the Independent Company at Provi dence - 1 456 5 -

3°>J3S — 10

War Office, aift Nwmter 1753. Total . - 10,275 - £.236,420 18

Fox.

Ordered, That the said pftimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kefolutions; which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis 2 2° die Novembris;

Anno 27* Georgii IIdi Regis, 175j.

PR AV BRS.

THE Lord Dupp/in, from the Commissioners for Trade Naturalized and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to Jews, their Address to his Majesty, a Copy of the Lifts trans-mitfed by the Secretaries of his Majesty’s respective Colonies in America, to the Office of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; containing an Account of the Names of all such Persons, professing the Jewish Religion, who have, since the ift Day of June 1740, intitled themselves to the Benefit of an Act, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others, therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America.

And the Tide of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Barry presented to the House, according to Order, Qehren’a a Bill for naturalizing Frederick Von Gebren: And the Nat. same was received, and read the First time.

Rejbhed, That the Bill be read a Second dme.

11 A Petition

Ferfrbo-(ough Road.

Piercebndge £c. Road.

27 GEO.II. 2 2° Novembris.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Gentlemen of the County of Northampton, assembled at the Assizes holden for the said County, on the First Day of August 1753, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Tha; the Road leading from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Tbrapfton, to Wellingborough, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in several Places, very incommodious and narrow; and that the said ltoad cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ker, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. lyfter, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Alfton, Mr. Corncwall, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hilly Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Nor they, Sir Roger Newdi-gate, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Richards, Mr. Barry, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Sa-lusbury, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Mr. William Levejon Gower, Lord Trent bam, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Erjkme, Mr. AJfttck, Sir JohnCuJi, Mr. Cj/ey, Lord Dupplin, Mr Legge, Lord Barrington, Mr. Myddelton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Leicester, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from Pier abridge to 'Kirkmerrmgton, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at lndhoe Lane End, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Road, which were to have Continuance for Twenty-one Years from the First Day of June 1748; but no Provision is made in the said Act, nor any Toll granted, for any Lime, Limestones, or Coals for burning such Limestones into Lime; and that the Tolls for Carriages and Cattle laden with Fire Coal are but very small, and not, as the Petitioners apprehend, equal to the Damage done to the said Road thereby, nor adequate to the other Tolls granted by the said Act; and that, at the Time of passing the said Act, the said Road was in a very ruinous Condition, and the Petitioners borrowed several Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that there is now due, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Pounds, at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; which hath not been sufficient to repair all the said Road, and which cannot be repaid, and all Parts of the said Road be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said Act granted, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vane% Mr. Colleton, Mr. Wilkinjon, Lord Barrington, Lord Hobart, Mr. Hunter, Mr. 6alusbury, Mr. Hay, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynafitm, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Compton, Mr. Wation, Mr. Hardingt, Mr. Vol. 26.

Southwell, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fell owes,

Mr. Rickards, Mr. Bond, Mr. Frankland, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kent, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Gulfton, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Myddelton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Westmotland, Cumberland, Fork, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply; Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 17541 beginning the First of January 1754*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thercuponi agreed to by the House.

Mr. Thornhagb reported from the Committee, to whom Trent Bridge the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortr lingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was read; by which Act several T oils and Powers were granted for the Repair of the Road from Trent Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester, and were to take place and have Continuance, from the Tenth of May 1738, for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

An Account was produced to the Committee by Mr.

John Farnworth, which he said he had extracted from the Accounts of the Trustees; whereby it appears, that the principal Sum of 3,100l. which has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, now remains due; and that the Monies raised by virtue of the said Act have been duly applied.

The said Mr. Farnworth and Mr. *Sterropp said.

That some Parcs of the said Road are dill in a ruinous Condition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from The Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Thornhagb and Mr. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

852 i$° — l60 Novembri x7531

Selkirk Writ.

Supply.

St. Luke’s

Parish

Streets.

Veneris, 230 die Novembris;

Anno 27° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

TfREDERICK Von Gebren, John IJa&c Bazin, Lewis Ogier, and Peter Guinard, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Selkirk, in the room of John Murray Esquire, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, for the Year 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move* That they may have Leave to fit again.

Mr. Charles Holland, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of St. Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating a nightly Watch and Beadles j and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish: And that Mr. Cooke and Sir William Beauchamp Proctor do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Btnnet, and Mr.

Ho/ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Naturishing repeal an Act of the a6th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, JeW1, intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the 'Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament j and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First-time.

And a Motion being made. That the said Bill be read a Second time;

The Ad palfed la the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun<ey 26° die Novembris;

Anno Georgii lldl Regis, 1753. Prayers.

f AS PAR Grevenkop took the order to his Naturalization.

Oaths appointed, in

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole A Bill for naturalizing John Isaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, Bazin's,*: House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his and Peter Guinard, was read a Second time. Nat.

Majesty. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Charlton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Mr. Hanger, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Poole,

Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Barry, Mr. Caley, Mr. Fellowes,

Poor, Constables, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabitants, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. of the Parish of St. Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was Colleton, Mr. Kent, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Affleck, Mr. South-referred;That the Committee had examined the Matter of well, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Ky~ the said Petition 5 and had dirented him to report the naflon, Mr. Hale, Mr. Compton, Mr. Alderman Baker, fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read Mr! Lyster, Mr. Abraham Hume, Sir John Aflley, Sir the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at Richard Lloyd, Mr. West, Sir fVm. Beauchamp Prottor, the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Wigley, Colonel Leighton, followeth; viz. Mr. Budgen, General Onslow, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Ker,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Fernon, Mr. Walpole, Lord

Mr. Thomas Stagg said, That there are many open Carysfort, Mr. Alderman Jansen, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Places, Courts, and Passages, within the said Parish; and George Oxenden, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hampden, that the keeping a well-regulated nightly Watch therein Mr. Watson, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fane, would greatly tend to the securing the Lives and Proper- Mr. Alderman Betbell, Mr. Gore: And they are to meet ties of Persons inhabiting, and reforcing to, the said Parish: this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

That there are great Quantities of Allies, Dirt, and Filth, Chamber, laid in the said Courts and Passages; which, by Neglect

of the Scavengers, and the Remoteness of the same from A Bill for naturalizing Caspar Grevenkop was read a Greven the High Streets, are become great Nuisances: That there Second time. N«

are no regular Lamps for enlightening the said several Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray,

Places, fothat Persons are often in Danger of their Lives* Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Barry, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger New-and which Places are become a Retreat for Rogues and digate, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wigley, Mr.

Street Robbers. Hay, Mr. fVilkinfon, Mr. JVilles, Mr. Martin, Mr.

And further said, That if effectual Provision was made West, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, for the enlightening and cleaning the said Streets, and Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Earle, other Places, within the said Parish, and for maintaining Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Choi-and governing a nightly Watch, the repairing and amend- mondeley, Mr. Neale, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Turner, Mr. ing all the Roads and Highways within the said Parish, it Kent, Mr. Chester, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pitt, would be of great Use £0 the said Parish, and the Pub- Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Hume, Mr. Kynaston, lick in general. ~ Mr. Lyster, Mr. Compton, Mr. Richards, Mr. My ddel ton,

Colonel

Gfhre®»

Hockfiffe

loud.

Leith

Harbour,

27 Geo. II.

26°'Novembfis.

Colonel Lee, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Sasinders, the PeritionerSi upon a joint application from the mod

Mr. Northey, Mr. Proufe: And they are to meet this considerable Traders in those Parts, have, with Concur-A fee moon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, phcc of the Herctors of the County, formed a Plan for

improving the said Harbour* by diming the Stone Bridge,

A bill for naturalizing Frederick Von Gebren was read and in Place of it erecting a Drawbridge, and by pur-a Second time. chafing as many of the Grounds adjacent to the River, on

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barry, cither Side, from the Bridge up to Leith Mills, which lie Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, at the Distance of about Four hundred Yards farther up Mr. Hanger, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shuttleworth, the Rived, as will be necessary for enlarging the Chanel*

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ker, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Compton, and rendering it capable to receive and contain Vessels of Mr. Northey, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Pitney, Mr. Taylor, Burthen, and also for making Dodks and Quays and other Mr. Charlton, Mr. Warkurton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowje, Conveniences for carrying on Trade* and that, though

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Chester, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis large Sums have formerly been expended by the Petition-Poole, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Neale, Mr. ers, and their Predeccffors, for making the said Harbour

Whitworth, Mr. Willes, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Thomas Gore, safe and accessible, yet they are Hill willing to advance

Lord Dupplin, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Hume, Mr. R<y- Two thousand Pounds further out of the City’s Revenue ttolds, Mr. Hay, Mr. O/wa/d, Sir George Lee, Mr. Mack- towards purchasing the Grounds necessary for the proposed worth, Mr. Robin/on, Lord Egmont, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Plan, and have no Reason to doubt that, by the voluntary Walpole, Mr. Richards, Sir Thomas Rebin/on, Sir John Contributions of the Citizens, the Petitioners will be en-AJlley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of abled to carry the same into Execution, if they can accom-the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. plish the Purchase of such Grounds as are necessary (of

that Purpose; but that, although they have already agreed A Petition of the Trullees for putting in Execution with the Proprietors of the greatest Part of those Grounds, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of yet there are others of them, which, by reason of Infancy the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road and Incumbrances, and other Circumstances, cannot be from Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford,to Stony Stratford, acquired without the Authority of Parliament: And therein the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, fore praying the House to take the Premises under their* and read* setting forth, That by the said A«y which was to Consideration, and grant Leave to bring in a Bill for cm-continue for Twenty-onc Years, Several Tolls were granted powering such Persons as the House shall think fir, to cut for repairing the said Road; and that the Petitioners bor- the said Stone Bridge, and to purchase Grounds to the Ex-rowed One thousand Pounds upon Credit of the said tent of Forty Yards outwards from the High Watermark,

Tolls, Two hundred Pounds of which hath been paid off j on each side of the said River, from the Bridge up to but that the remaining Eight hundred Pounds cannot be Leith Milk; and to take such other Measures as may be repaid, and the Road kept in Repair, without further Con- necessary for improving and enlarging the said Harbour, tinuance of the said Act s and that the said Road having or to grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House been much amended, the Petitioners are of Opinion that shall seem meet.

the same may be kept in Repair, and the Tolls reduced in Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-some Particulars: And therefore praying, That Leave may sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear ^o the said Act and that the Petitioners may have such other them, to the House:

Relief as to the House shall seem meet. And it is referred to Mr. Ker, Mr. Charlton, Lord Ad-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- vocate of Scotland, Mr. Grey, Mr. Salu/bury, Mr. Hey, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Southwell, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to kinfon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Willes, Mr. Allgood, Mr. them, to the House: Mitchell, Mr. Robinson, Lord Luxborough', Mr. Tracy,

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Turner, Mr. West, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Cooke, Mr. Mr. Earle, Mr. Watson, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Prowje, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Maekworth, Mr. Chester, Colonel Leighton, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Mr. Northey, Lord Harley, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Rowney, Sir Wigley, Mr. Sydenham, Colonel A'court, Mr. Bayntun, Roger Newdigate, Sir Edward Dering, Mr.

Mr. Watson, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Robinson, Mr. South- Mr. Medlicett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. vetell, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Willes, Mr. Leftie, Mr. Whit- pole, Mr. Legge, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Warburton; and worth, Mr. Legb, Mr. Compton, Mr. Chester, Sir Francis all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they Poole, Mr. Ker, Mr. Richards, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Cocks ,are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Mr. Webb, Lord Egmont, Mr. Offley* and all the Members Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per-

who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Warwick, fons, Papers, and Records.

Stesfford, Salop, and Northampton: And they arc to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s A Petition of the Prisoners, whose Names are there- Debtor* Chamber: And have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, unto subscribed, now confined in the Castle of Lancaster, Pe"U°n* and Records. the common Gaol of the said County, for Debt, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; complaining of their Dif-A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of tress and praying Relief, the City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves, and the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, other Inhabitants, Merchants, and Traders, in the City,

the Town of Leith, and other adjacent Places, was pre- A Petition of John Granger Esquire was presented to Granger’s fented to the House, and read* setting forth. That the the House, and read* setting forth, That Sir William Le- Name. Harbour of Leith, which belongs to the Community of man, late of in the County of Hertford, Baronet,

the said City, lies at the Mouth of a ftnall River, in which deceased, being seised in Fee of several considerable the Tide flows up about Half a Mile* but is bounded by Estates in the Counties of Middlesex, Cambridge, Huntingdon, a Stone Bridge, which is at the Distance of about Five and Hertford, and City of London, by his W ill devised the hundred Yards from the lowest Moorings, and the Chan- same to Richard Esquire, and his Heirs who atter-nel, in many Places, does not exceed Thirty Yards in wards died, having made his Will, and devised the same Breadth; by reason of which confined situation there are to his Sifter Lucie Alie, and her 1 leirs; who is lately no proper Yards or Docks, either wet or dry, for build- dead, having made her Will, and devised the same to the ing, repairing, or wintering Vessels, nor sufficient Wharfs Petitioner, and his Heirs* and that the Petitioner, from or Quays for loading or unloading Merchandize* and (hat the Regard he retains for the Memory of the said Sir Voi. a6. 10 H William


854 26° Novembris* A. 1753*

William Leman, from whom he derives the said Estates, in manner aforesaid, is desirous to use and take the Surname of Leman, and to bear the Arms of the said Sir William Leman: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his Heirs, to use and rake the Surname of Leman, and to bear the Arms of the* said Sir William Leman deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hale and Mr. West do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1754.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Six hundred Twenty-eight thousand Three hundred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-six thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Half-peny be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence; for the Year 1754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One hundred and Eighteen thousand Three hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year j 754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five Thousand Two hundred and Eighteen Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time j

And a Motion being made, and the question being f put, That the said Resolution be re-committed j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas}

Tellers for the Noes, j*4 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways and fiefolved, that this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

Meam. ing ncxCj ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

pnnHhing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mutiny and Defei cion i and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Me. Secretary at War, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor and Impropriator Wetom of Welton, in the County of Northampton, of the Vicar Inctofnr* of the Parish Church of Welton aforesaid, and of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Lands and Estates in the open and common Fields of Welton aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth. That the Petitioners are seised of several Freehold Estates, and other Properties, in the said open or common Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels over the whole Fields, by reason whereof great Inconvenienciesdo arise to the Proprietors and Owners of the said Lands and Estates, so that very little Profit arises therefrom, and the same are rendered incapable of Improvement in their present Situation $ and alleging, That the said open and common Fields are very proper to be inclosed, and the Inclosure and Division thereof will be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the feme: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields, according to each Person’s Right and Property in the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, That the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Praycrof the said Petition: And that Mr.

Compton and Mr. Fellowes do prepare, and bring in> the fame.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom A&erfWdt the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living Hill Road, in, near, and usually travelling, the Road from a certain Lanchct or Intrenchment on AJkerfvcell Hill, opposite to Chilcomb Farm, in the County of Dorset, through the Town of Bridport, to Charmouth Bridge, in the said County of Dorset', and also the Road leading from the said Town of Bridport to the Town of Beamifter, in the said County of Dorset; and also the Road leading from Charmouth Bridge aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster, and through the Parishes of Kilmington and Shute, in the County of Devon, as far as a Place called Wilmington Water, at the West End of the Parish of Dalwood, in the said County of Dorset was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Willis and Mr. William Drake, being severally examined, feid, That they knew the Road from A/kerfwell Hill to Wilmington Water, which is about Three-and-twenty Miles long; and likewise the Road from Bridport to Beamifter, which is Five Miles long; and chat the said Roads are common Highways, and are in so ruinous a Condition, that they are dangerous to Wheel Carriages, and are in many Places too narrow:

That the said Roads cannot be repaired by the ordinary CourfeofLaw, the Inhabitants of the several Parishes having attempted to repair them, but have never been able to do it:

That the Road from Charmouth Bridge to the Top of Charmouth Hill, which leads from Bridport Town to the said Bridge, is very inconvenient and dangerous, being ftcep, narrow, and rocky; and that it will be necessary to turn the said Road to the North West, in order to make the same commodious; which may be done without Difficulty.

Ordered,

-i8° Novem

S5S

27 Geo. II. 160 — 27

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment on AJkerfwell Hill, opposite to Chilcombe Farm' through the Town of Bridport, to Charmouth Bridge, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Beamifter, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Charmouth Bridge aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster, and the Parishes of Kilmington and Shute, in the County of Devon, as far as a Place called Wilmington Water, at the West End of the Parish of Dalwood\ in the said County of Dorset: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1753, to the 20th Day of Nov. following inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasuref to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 5th Day of January 1753, to !Oth Day of October following.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

atunlizing

!Wk

ftterbo-sough Road.

Gilling

Exchange.

The other Order of the Day being read;

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act of the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was r$ad a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tins House will,'Tommorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar thy 27° die Novembris;

Anno 47° Georgii II*1 Regis, 1753. Prayers.

THE Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff and Gentlemen of the County of Northampton, assembled at the Assizes holden for the said County on the First Day of August 1753, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followed; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Austin was examined; who Aid, That he knows the Road leading from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Tbrap/lon, to Wellingborough, in the said County; which in many Pans thereof is very narrow and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brinci-ina Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peter-borough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton: And that the Lord Carysfort , Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Knightley, and Mr. Lambe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Vicar of Gilling, and James Shuttleworth Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Colebrooke have Leave to flay in the Leave of Country, on account of the Indifposition of his Lady. Abfemle.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debtors County Gaol of Salop, in behalf of themselves, and all Petition, other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of thi9 Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Natuttliziflg House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Jew*

An Act to repeal an Act of the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Parker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. €

The Lord Parker reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment) and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 2 8° die Novembris j Anno 270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753*

Prayers.

MR. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom Grtvenkop*# the Bill for naturalizing Cajpar Grevenkop was Nat* committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found &e same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the ti&zltls, Arc* Bill for naturalizing John JJaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, and Nat*

Peter Guinard, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

c


Westminster The House being informed. That Mr. Seddon, from Bridge. the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Fhamesy from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 23d Day of Jan, Vol. 26.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Hdckliflfr the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Road-Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, to Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was referred, That the Committe£had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

them*

T

funishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Canterbury to Whitdabl Hoad.

Oehren'i

Nat.

85«s

28° Novemb

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth 5 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, whereby several Tolls and Duties were granted, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing the said Road, was read.

And Mr. Edward Bloxham said. That considerable Pro* gress has been made in repairing the said Road; and laid before the Committee an Account of the Money due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls 5 and also an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls, for Seven Years last pad; by which Accounts it appeared, that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and so kept, and the Money due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls repaid, without a further Continuance of the said act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham: And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Drake, and Mr. Wrighte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in EfcecU-! tionan Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from St. Dunftaris Cross, near Canterbury, to the Waterfidc at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That presently after the Making of the said Act the Petitioners borrowed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and in the Year 1737 the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds; both which Sums, together with the Toll-money, Were expended, and Parish-duties likewise performed, in repairing and widening the said Road, which was before very ruinous; and that the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, Part of the Money so boirowed, still remains due, and cannot be paid off during the fubQfting Term granted by the said Act, and the Road be kept in sufficient Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for further Continuance of the said Term.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Best, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Charlton, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. ClevlandMr. Palmer, Mr. Watson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Boone, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Nor they, Sir Charles Mordaunt,. Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Robinson, Sir Wm, Calvert, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lyjher, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Barry, Sir. Potter, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Drake, Sir John Cust, Mr. Compton, Lord IVenman, Mr. Borrow, Mr. Willes, Lord Egmont, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Sir Geo. Lyttelton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Barbor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surry, and the Cinque Ports: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Barry reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Von Gebren was committed.

A. 1753.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee. t

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Way* tri Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Mwnl* Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton, reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Naturalizinj| repeal an Act, of the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, JCWI- 1 intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish

Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

The several Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out in L. 7. and 8. the Words " Occasion has been taken," and inferring the j

Words " Discontents have arisen and by leaving out *1

in L. 8. and 9. the Words " to raise Discontents;" and

by leaving out in L. 9-rthe Words " to disquiet," and by 1

leaving out the Woiris cc of many," and inferring, after,

<c Subjects," the Words <c have been disquieted."

And the Question being put. That the Words "Occasion has been taken" stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

}»j. 1

}1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass. Ordered, That Mr. Hume do carry the Bill to the Lords, 1

and ‘J

27 Geo. II.

arid acquaint them. That this House fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock 5 And he moved the House accordingly, liftcmper Refilled, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning mongst next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, :attlc. to take jnt0 Consideration the Laws made, and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

1

Ditto. Refilled, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be grnciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now raging amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; together with the Returns madeby the Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of any such Rules, Orders, or Regulations. 1

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as arc of his Majesty s most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*.

*Jovis, 2 90 die Novembris,

Anno 27° Georgii II" Regis, 1753.

8S7

to the Bridges commonly known by the name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester\ and for making -the said Act more effectual: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Isaac Bazin, Bazin’s, let, Lewis Ogier, and Peter Guinard, was read the Third time. Nat*

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing John JJaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, and Peter Gurnard.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, \ and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed. That Mr. Crumpe, Clerk Accounts to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, from the attended at the Door; Company.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the ioth of October 1752 to the 10th of October 1753, directed to be laid before each House of Parliament, #by an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

28° — 2 90

hath agreed to the

Prayers.

Answer to 11 /TR. Comptroller reported to the House,.That their Addrefi. lVJL Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that Copies of the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, therein mentioned, together with the Returns therein also mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Hockliffe Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to

Road, Order, a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hcdiiffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton have Leave to go into the of Absence. Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ditto. . Ordered, That Mr. Bateman have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Distemper Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Cattle House, an Account of what Sums of Money have been

att c# paid upon account of the Distemper among the horned

Cattle; distinguishing each Year.

Granger’s Mr. Hale presented to the House, according to Order, Name. a gjj to enab]e j0j^n Esquire, and his Heirs, to

use and take the Surname of Leman; and to bear the Arms of Sir William Leman deceased: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Trent Bridge Mr. Thornhagb presented to the House, according to R°ad. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an A# of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the - Reign of nig present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Coficck, otherwise Cortlingjiock Lane, Vol. 26.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Caspar Grevenkop, Grevenkop’* was read the Third Time. Nat.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Caspar Grevenkop.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for nztxirdXmng FrederickVcn Gebren, Gchren’a was read the Third time. Nat.

RefilledThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Vcn Gebren.

Ordered, That Mr. Barry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and afe as followeth; viz.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Seventy-eight thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1754.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which 101 he

858 iJNdvembris. — -3 A. 1753;

he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth i viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1754, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon \Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 14th Day of June 1754, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1754, to the 24th Day of June 1755.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put’ thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty: And that Mr. Charlton, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 30 die Decembris;

Anno 2f Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Distemper TV/FR- Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant Cattle’11 TtX to their Address to his Majesty, several Papers containing the several Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom: Andalfo,

Several Papers containing the original Returns made by . the Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the several Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty in Council, the more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Together with Lifts of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read, and areas followeth; viz.

N*. 1. Copy of an Order of Council appointing several Justices of the Peace, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase all the distempered Cattle, not allowing more than 40J, per Head, and to cause them to be killed and buried; and containing several Rules for the better preventing the Increase of the Distemper; dated 25th of November 1745.

2. Copy of another Order of Council for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue Money for enabling the Justices to purchase the distempered Cattle, dated 25th November 1745.

3. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, containing Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the more effectual preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, dated

% 12th March 1745.

4. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, containing further Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the more effectual preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which

now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, dated 17 th December 1746.

5. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, for making some Variations from, and Additions to, his Majesty’s former Orders of Council, of the 12th of March and 17 th of December last, relating to the distempered Cattle, dated 15 th January 1746.

6. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, containing several Variations from, and Additions to, his Majesty’s former Orders of Council, of the 12th of March, 17th of December, 2nd 15th of January, last, delating to the distempered Cattle, dated 12th of March 1746.

7. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, containing several Variations from, and Additions to, his Majesty’s former Orders of Council, of the 1 ath of March 174}, the 17 th of December, the 15 th of January, -and the 1 ath of March, last, relating to the distempered Cattle, dated i6di April 1747.

8. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, for reducing all the Rules and Regulations,contained in his Majesty’9 former Orders in Council, relating to the distempered Cattle, into this present Order, with such Variations and Additions as have been thought necessary, dated 13th June 1747.

9. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, containing further Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the more effectual preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, dated 8th September 1747.

10. Copy of his Majesty's Order in Council, for making some Variations and Additions to his Majesty’s former Orders of Council, of the 18th of June and Sch of September last, relating to the distempered Cattle, dated 27th October 1747.

11. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, for permitting several Droves of Welsh and Scotch Cattle, which had been (topped pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council of the 8th of September last, to be sold under proper Restrictions, dated 27th October 1747.

12. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, Tor continuing the Rules and Regulations contained in his Majesty’s Orders in Council of the 1 Bth of June, the 8th of September, and the 27th of October, last, relating to the distempered Cattle, to the First of February next; and for making some Variations therein; dated nth December 1747*

13. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, for continuing the Rules and Regulations relating to the distempered Cattle, which are to expire on the First of February next, for One Month longer, dated 23d January 1747.

14. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, for continuing the Rules and Regulations relating to the distempered Cattle, which are to expire on the First of March next, for Fourteen Days longer, dated 25th February 1747*

15. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, for continuing the Rules and Regulations relating to the distempered Cattle, which are to expire on the 14th of this In-stanr, for Ten Days longer, dated 8th March 1747.

16. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, relating to the distempered Cattle, for continuing the present Orders, which will expire on the 24th Instant, to the 8th of April next, when they are to cease; and establishing new Rules and Regulations to be observed from thenceforth in lieu thereof; dated the 22d March 1747.

17. Copy of the Lords Justices Order in Council, for putting a Stop to the holding the Fair at Newport near Walden in Essex, on the Sixth of next Month, for the Sale of horned Cattle, dated 29th October 1748.

18. Copy of the Lords Justices Order in Council, for putting a Stop to the holding the Fair at Ingatstone, and other Places, in Essex, for the Sale of horned Cattle, dated 15th November 1748.

19. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, containing further Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the more cf* fedtual preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which

nqw

2 7 Geo. II. 30 DecembriS'. 8 5

row rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom $ and for preventing the Removal of far Cattle for the Space of Two Months; dated 14th December 1749. . , \

20. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, for repealing the aforegoing Order, made on the 14th of December last, to prohibit the Removal of horned Cattle for the Space of Two Months *, and for continuing the Rules and Regulations contained in the Order of Council of the 22d March 1747; dated 12th January 1749.

21. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, for put-v ting a Stop to the holding the Fair at Barnett, in Hertford-

shire, and at Harlow Bush, in Essex, for the Sale of horned Cattle, and direfling the Justices and other Magistrates, and Officers, to be careful and diligent in carrying into Execution the Rules and Regulations contained in the Acts of Parliament, and Orders of Council, relating to the distempered Cattle, dated 9th August 1751.

Bundles, N° 1. From Bedfordshire.

2. From Buckingbamshire.

3. From Cambridgeshire

4. From CheShire.

5. From Cornwall.

6. From Cumberland.

7. From D.rbyShire.

8. From Devonshire.

9. From Dorsetshire.

10. From Durham.

11. From Essex.

12. From 6louceftcrshire.

13. From Herefordshire. \

14. From Hertfordshire.

15. From Huntingdonshire.

16. From Kent.

17. From Lancashire.

18. From leicefershire.

19. From Lincolnshire.

20. From Middlesex.

21. From Monmouthshire.

22. From Norfolk.

23. From Northamptonshire.

24. From Northumbe, land.

25. From Nottinghamshire.

26. From Oxfordshire.

27. From Peterborough Liberty.

28. From Rutlandshire.

29. From Shropshire.

30. Frpm Somersetshire.

31. From Southampton.

32. From Staffordshire.

33. From Suffolk.

34. From Surrey.

35. From

36. From Warwickshire.

r 37 From Westmoreland.

38. From Wiltshire. N

39. From Worcestershire. N

40. From Yorkshire.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this S'efjion.

A Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Vicar of Qitling, and James Shuttleworth Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Colleton, Mr. Shuttleworthy Sir Francis Poole, M r. Wilkinson, Mr. Sydenham y Mr. West, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Robinfony Mr. Lyfiery Mr. Gray, Sir IVm. Beauchamp proffoYy Mr. Hay, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilfony Mr. Taylor, Mr. Thornhaghy Mr. Martin, Mr. Butler, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Locke, Mr. Drake, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Richard Wrot-

Vol. 26.

tefiey, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Cor del Firebracey Sir James Dashwood, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr.

Wrighte, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Affieck, Sir John Turner, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Nor they, Mr. Barry, Lord Downe, Mr. Cooke 5 and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York,

Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wefimorlandy and Lancdfier: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging th,e Term and Powers granted by Trent Bridge an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the R°ad* Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road lead-, ing from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cofiock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said A cl more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thom-hagby Mr. Hunter, Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wilson,

Mr. Fellowes, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wigley,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Budgen, Mr. Hay, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Grjy, Mr. Caley,

Mr. Middleton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Richards, Sir Robert Burdetty Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr.

.for, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wiiles, Sir W'iw. Beauchamp Proftory and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Lincoln, Derby, and Northampton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Carysfort presented to the House, according Peterbo-Xo Order* a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from rougkRoad* the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Tbrapfion, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received, and read the Fi.ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Compton presented to the House, according to Welton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common I&closure. Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

A Petition of Sir Ralph Milbank Baronet, the Reverend Simon^rn Henry Wafiell, Rector of the Parish of Simonburn, and of the *nclofarc' several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands within the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland\ was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners of several Messuages, Farms, and Tenements, within the said Parish; and have, in respefl of the fame, aRighc of Common upon a Common or Waste within the said Parish called Simonburn Common, the Property of the Soil whereof belongs to Lancelott Allgood Esquire, as Lord of the Manor of Simonburn; and that the Petitioners are desirous, that the said Common should be divided, inclosed, and cultivated; and that a proportionable Part thereof should be assigned to the said Lancelott Allgood, as an Equivalent for his Interest and Property therein; and that the Residue thereof should be allotted and divided amongst the said Lancelott Allgood and the several other Persons in-tided to such Right of Common as aforesaid, in proportion to their Interest and Property therein respectively; but that the said Division and Inclosure cannot be effectually completed and establishedtoanswer the Intention of the Parties interested in the fame, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said.Petition: And that Sir Walter Blackett and Mr. Protofir&o prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill

Puniftung Mutiny and Desertion.

Supply BUI Land Tax.

Leith Harbour.

860 3° Decembris. 1753.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants, Merchants and Traders in the said City, the Town of Leith, and other adjacent Places, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations o,f the said Petition,

Mr. Francis Grant said. That the Harbour of Leith lies at the Mouth of a small River: That about 500 Yards from the lowest Moorings there is a Stone Bridge, beyond which no Ships can pals; and that there are not sufficient Conveniencies below Bridge for building, repairing, wintering, loading, or unloading, of Vessels, so that Ships belonging to Leith and Edinburgh have been obliged to go to Bruntifiand to winter:

That the Witness had made Proposals to Carpenters to build Ships; and had been answered. That there was not sufficient Room in the Harbour for that Purpose; but, upon being alked the Question, he said, That if Ships could pass above the Bridge there would be sufficient Room.

Mr. Tod produced and explained to your Committee a Plan of the said Harbour, and of the intended Improvements; whereby it appeared, that by taking down the present Stone Bridge, and erecting a Draw Bridge in lieu thereof, the said Harbour would be much enlarged; and by purchasing certain Grounds on the Banks of the said River, above the present Bridge, Conveniencies might be made for building, repairing, and loading, of Vessels.

And the Witness said. That Application had been made by the most considerable Traders of Edinburgh and Leith to carry the said Plan into Execution; and that the same had been communicated to the Gentlemen of the adjacent Country, and had met with a general Approbation; and that he believed several Persons would be willing to contribute for that Purpose; and that, if the said Plan should be carried into Execution, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of Edinburgh and Leith, as well as to the Publick:

That large Sums had been expended in making the said Harbour safe and commodious, by the Magistrates and Council of Edinburgh, without effectually answering those Purposes; notwithstanding which they are willing to advance the further Sum of 2,000l. for carrying the present Plan into Execution; but are unable to do it, without an Act of Parliament, on Account of certain Interests in the Grounds intended for that Purpose.

Mr. William Smith and Mr. John Hay, Masters of Ships, being severally examined, confirmed the above Evidence in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith; and to im power the Trustees therein to be mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and for erecting Docks and other Conveniencies on the Sides thereof: And that Mr. Ker and Colonel Haldane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That Mr. Lebeup, from the Treasury, attended at the Door:

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Sums of Money have been directed to be paid upon account of the Distemper among the horned Cattle; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of St. Luke, irt the County of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Entrenchment on Afkerfwell Hill* opposite to Chil-combe Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to Charmouth Bridge, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Bea-mister, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Charrfiouth Bridge, aforesaid, through the Town of Ax-minster, and the Parishes of Kilmington and Shute, in the County of Devon, as far as a Place called IVilmingtcn Water, at the West End of the Parish of Dalwood\ in the said County of Dorset: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to continue and render more effc<ftual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road betwceh Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in^ the County of Buckingham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pye, Mr. Charlton, Lord Wen man, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pitt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. West, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Roger New digale, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bacon, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Duke, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Best, Sir William Courtenay, Mr. Barry, Sir Richard Warwick Bamp* fylde, Mr. Affleck; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Northampton, Warwick, Salop, Leicester, and Chester, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued;

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hill, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Charlton, Ml Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Dowtie, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Lrentham, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lane, Mr. Palmer, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hay, Mr. Neale, Mr. Torke, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Best, Sir Charts Mordaunt, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Finch, Lord V/enman, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Elliott, Sir William Middleton, Mr. Bynge, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Ker, Mr. Phil-lipfon, Mr. Hale, Mr. Vernon, General Onslow, Mr. Wilson, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Duke, Mr. Pye, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Moreton, Sir John Cust, Mr. 5 Lyfiet,.

Sums

Account of DiAcinpcf among 11

Cattle.

St. LukeS Street!.

AlkerfwtU Hill Road.

HockHRs

Hold.

Expiring

Laws.

27 GEO.II. 3 ° — 4° — 5

Lyster, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Barry, Lord Geo. Bentink, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wigley, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr; John Gore, Mr. Peachey, Lord Barker^ Lord Verney, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Colleton, Lord Carysfort; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Granger’s A Bill to enable John Granger Esquire, and his Heirs, Name, to bnd take the Surname of Leman, and to bear the Arms of Sir William Lemany deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Haley Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Lord Dnpplin, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Robin/on, Mr. Barry, Sir w. Tonge, Mr. Martin, Mr. Ker, Mr. ito/-ler, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Nugent, Mr. West, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hampden, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Neale, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Py*, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Richards, Mr. Middelton, Mr. Cox*, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Shelley, Sir William Courtenay, Sir Molesworth, Sir Robert Long, Sir

John Citft, 'Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. IViikinfon, Mr, Fcrtereau, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Willes, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Beft\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Cambridge, and Huntingdon, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the: Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 40 die

Anno 27° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1753.

Debtor#*

Petition.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Con^blea,

Expences.

Supply Bill; Malt Dutici.

Prayers.

APE TIT I ON of the poor Prisoners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, under Confinement for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol at Montgomery, in behalf of themselves, and all others in such unhappy Circumstances, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the Laid Petition do lie upon the Table.

r A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol 5 and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons: And that Mr. Hay and Mr. Powney do prepare, and bring in> the fame.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifry-four: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 26.

Ordered, That an Account belaid before this House Lottery for of the Contributors to the Lottery, directed by an Act purchasing of Parliament passed in the last Section, intituled, An Act £cS,05nean> for the Purchase of the Museum Or Collection of Sir Cions? Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manu-feripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto. # 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Worcester the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for w«t. the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of tVorcester, in the room of Edmund Pytts Esquire, deceased.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Naturalizing 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An JCWS*

Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made^and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to, repeal so much !of the said Act as relates to Persons profefting the Jewish Religion, who shall come to settle in any of the said Colonies after a Time to be limited;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \:

Tellers for the Noes,* gW*

So it passed in the Negative.

88.

j 208.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Distemper resolve itself into a Committee of the whule House, tQ amongst take into Confederation the L.aws made, and the Rules, attc* Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the homed Cattle in this Kingdom, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly ;:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 die Decembris;

Ar.nof 27° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Bigge, from CarHfle the Commissioners and Trustees appointed for put- Road* ting in Execution an Act, pasted in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for laying out,- making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Fyne, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act,

A Book, intituled — 1753, Copies of the several Acts and Proceedings made by the Commissioners and Trustees, and also the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of George Pattenfon Gentleman, Treasurer to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act, pasted in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, so far as the same relates to, or concerns, that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Cumberland: And also,

10 K A Book,

Simonbum

Uciftfure.

Uckfield, he. Road.

Bills drawn

from

Georgia.

8(5-2 5 ° Decembris1753.

A Book, intituled — 1753, Copy of the Sixth Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of John Tweddel Gentleman, Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon 7Jne, so far as the same relates to, or concerns, that Parc of the said lload which lies in the County of Northumberland.

A&J then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Walter Blacket presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Waste or Common called Simonbum Common, in the Manor and Parish of Simonbum, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Inrcreft is concerned. That the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several of the justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in and near the Road leading from a Place called Union Points near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to a Place called Langley Bridge, in the Parish of Westbam, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road is become so ruinous, that, in the Winter Season, some Parts thereof arc not only almost impafiable, but, by being too narrow, are very incommodious and dangerous: And therefore, in regard the said Road cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course appointed b.y Law, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred tathe Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Gray, Sir William Beauchamp Profit or, Mr. Compton, Lord Dupplin, Sir Wm Calvert, Mr. Watson, Mr. West, Colonel Leigh-ton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Peachey, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fane, Mr. Colleton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Caley, Mr. Robinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Neale, Sir Richard IVrottejlcy, Mr Southwell, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, Fellowcs, Mr. Powney, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Egmont, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Amy and Sir James Lowther, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Richards, Mr. Bond, Mr. Morton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Finch, Mr. Walpole, Sir Cor del Firebrace; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surry, and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Outstanding Bills of Exchange and Certificates, drawn from Georgia in America, for Values supplied for the Use of the provincial Troops and Vessels there, between Michaelmas 1743 and Mid-summer 1747, by Order of the Commanding Officer, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of thd Exdhfctjuer* by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House; That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confederation of the House to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, after many Applications to Mr. Thomas Marriott, the Agent and Pay-mailer of the said provincial Troops and Vessels, for Payment of their said Bills drawn by Major William Horton, the said Commanding Officer, and Certificates signed since his Death by the Score keeper, were refused Payment by the said Agent and Paymaster, who alleged he had no Money left to pay the fame; whereupon the Petitioners applied chemselves, by Petition, to the Commissioners of his Majesty s Treasury, setting forth the Hardship of their Cafe; who answered, That no Cognizance could be taken of the same of the Petitioners, until the Account of the Services for which the said Bills and Certificates were drawn was exhibited by the said Thomas Marriott into the Auditor’s Office, and there examined and stated by the Auditor; and that the Petitioners applied to the Auditor’s Office to have their Claims properly ascertained; and the Auditorhaving annexed ro his State of the said Account to the Commissioners of his Majesty s Treasury a List of the particular Sums so drawn and certified, and remaining unfit is fied, amounting to the Sum of £, 15,497. 3s, 2j d, the Petitioners thereupon applied to their Lordships for Payment of their said Demands; and the said State being by their Lordships referred to his Majesty's Paymaster of the Army and Secretary at War, they have reported in favour of the Petitioners; but that there is no Money remaining applicable to this Service: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief with Respedt to their said Demands, now many Years due, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred co the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and state to the House the Matters of Fadt contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Compton,

General Handafyde, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. West, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Finch,

Lord Harley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hayes, Sir John Barrington,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Grenville, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Egmont, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Prow/e,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Rushout, Mr.

Caley, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Kyqajion, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Tracey, Mr. Charlton, Commodore West, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Profiler, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Ker, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Southwell, S\r Walter Blackett,

Mr. Cooke, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Newnbam, Sir Richard Wrotteftey, Sir Richard Lloyd, Colonel Leighton, Sir Wm,

Tonge, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Thomas Rcbinfon, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Metcalfe, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Farrington, Mr.

Neale, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Powney, Mr.

Aldworth, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Sloper, Sir James Dashwood,

Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nugent, Sir Peter Thomp-Jon, Mr. Kent, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir John Peachey, Captain Frankland, Sir Nicholas

Baley, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Nathanael Newnbam: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his felHnme for Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Building, *«. re&ions to the proper Officers, to lay before tins House an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1754.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this Houre as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Cgunc l.

A Bill

supply BUl; MikDotie*.

*P&-

Ways ud Meant.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Bills drawn

from

Georgia.

Uck field. Ire, Bond.

27 Geo. II. J — 6° Decembris. 863

A Bill for continuing and griming to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Ye.»r One thousand Seven hur.dred and Fifty-four, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejclved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejclved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Rijolved, that this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being {fad, for the House to re-iblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1752, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1754.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Decembris;

Anno 270 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1753. Prayers.

SJRDERED, That General Oglethorpe, Mr. Comwally Sir John Sifiley, and Sir William Tenge, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Out-standing Bills of Exchange and Certificates drawn from Georgia in America, for Values supplied for the Use of the provincial Troops and Vessels there, between Michaelmas 1743 and Midfnmifter 1747, by Order of the Commanding Officer, is referred.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition ot several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in and near the Road leading from a Place called Union Point, near the Town of Uclfield, in the County of Sussex, to a Place called Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westbam, in the said Counry, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Vol. a6.

wards delivered it irt at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations uf the said Petition,

Milward Rowe Esquire laid, That the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in the Winter Season, almost impafifable: That many Parcs thereof are so narrow, as to be dangerous to Passengers; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by Law.

Mr. William Cranftonconfirmed the aforesaid Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uclfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westbam, in the said County: And chat Mr. Hay, iMr.

Henry Pelbam of Bramber, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr, Compton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the B 11 for tand Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved irfelf into a Committee of the Punishing whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Desc|rllon* their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Commktee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly; and offered to present to the House,

A Petition of the underwritten, in behalfoffhemselves NwyChap-and others, late Chaplains in his Majesty’s Navy. Jains*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served in his Majesty’s Navy during the late War, and when their Ships were paid off were most of them left destitute of any Support; and that they are the only Officers in his Majesty’s Service who are entirely unprovided for when discharged; and that, when employed, they are of no more Expence to the State than an Ordinary Seaman, the rest of their Pay arising from Deductions out of the Men’s Pay, and is by that means more uncertain than that of any other Officers; and that, by Petition presented to his Majesty soon after the Conclusion of the Peace, they humbly represented their distressed Circumstances, and implored to be Partakers of the same Advantages that their Brethren, the Chaplains of the Army and Marines, and other discharged Officers, were; and that his Majesty was graciously pleased to refer the said Petition to the Commissioners of

tht

Navy

Chaplains.

Welton

Inclosure.

Answers to Addreii'cs.

864 6° — 70 De 1753.

the Treasury, who reported, that the Services of the said Chaplains were not within their Knowledge, but more probably cognisable by the Commissioners of the Admiralty; but that, if his Majesty should be graciously inclined to think the Petitioners proper Objects of Relief, it Would be necessary to cause proper Estimatcs of the Expence to be laid before the Parliament; and that the said Petition being likewise referred to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, they represented, that after the Peace of Utrecht, the House of Commons, on the 5th June 1714, passed the following Vote; <c Resolved, That " a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be ,f granted to her Majesty, upon Account, to be equally distributed among the Chaplains that served in the " Fleet during the lace War, and are not otherwise. provided for;" and that the said Commissioners did humbly recommend the same of the Petitioners as Objects defer ving Relief; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioner^, That the House will granf Relief for such of them as served perlbnally in the Fleet during the late War.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House a List of the Chaplains who have served in his Majesty’s Fleet during the lace Wars with France and Spain, and who are not otherwise provided for.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

w — * ——

Veneris, y° die Decembris;

Anno 270 Georgii II. Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the common 1 Fields, common* Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Sir John 'Turner, Mr. Fellow es. Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Carysjort, Sir John RuJhoUt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gere, Mr/ Griffin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. IVigley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tracey, General Handajyde, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Bold, Mr. Finney, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Richards, Mr. Knighlley, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Drake, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pitt, General Onslow, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Hawkins; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five <jj the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday* (that.his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Lift therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Ker presented to the House, according to Order, Leith Har* a Bill for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith, b<^r’ and to impower the Trustees therein ro be mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and for erecting Docks and other Conveniencies on the Sides thereof: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, anth Afceflwell principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Borough. and Parish of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, and nUQ‘cr 0311 the Parishes of Charmouth, Uplyme, Axmouth, Coombpine, ’

Wootten, Fitzpaine, White Church, Canonicorum, and!

Stanton Saint Gabriel's, was presented to the House, and! read; taking Notice, That a Petition hath been prefeiYted to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing a Turnpike on the Road from beyond the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, to and beyond the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon; and ob^ serving, That the Road from the Almshouse at Char-mouth, to and through the said Borough and Parish of Lyme Regis, and to and through the Parish of Uplyme, and over Uplyme Hill, to the Direction Stone in the Road to Axminster aforesaid, is not intended to be repaired by the Tolls that shalf arise by the intended Act; although the said Road to and through the said Town of Lyme Regis, to Axminster aforesaid, is the ancient Post Road, and is now, and for many Years has been, the Post RoadYfom Salusbury to Axminster, and when repaired will be very commodious to Travellers: And therefore, as the Petitioners and other the Inhabitants of the said P.irifheis will largely contribute to the said Turnpike, praying, Tfiat the said Roads, being about the Space of Three Miles and a half, may be repaired by virtue of the Tolls to arise front the said Act (for thac the said Roads are uneven, very bad, and founderous, almost at all Seasons of the Year, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, and the other Roads of and within the Borough and Parish of Lyme Regis, and Parish of Uplyme, are very uneven, founderous, and bad, and cannot be kepr in proper Repair, without the whole Sracu-e Labour being performed on them), and that the House would take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Prowje, Sir brands Drake, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Dupplinf Mr. Earle, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fonereati, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Doddington, Lord Luxborough, Lord Parker, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Jollffie, Mr. Caley, Mr.

West, Mr. Willey, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Ker,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wigley, Sir John RuJhout, General Onftow, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Drake, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr/

Gore, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Fairfax; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset,

Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, and Wilts: 'And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the St. Ltb’i open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, Sucets. and Courts, within the Parish of St, Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; and for repairing the Highways within thy laid Parish; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hayes, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gray, Mr. E arbor,

Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis- Drake, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Carysjort, General Onslow, Mr. Ba-10 con,

Peterborough Ro*d.

Clerkenwell

Streets.

27 Geo. II.

70 Decembris.

8<5c

ton* Mr. Prowse* Mr. Vyr.fr* Mr. Allgccd* Mr. Hunter*

Mr. Watson, Mr. Kynaston* Mr. Sydenham, General Oglethorpe* Sir "Turner* Mr. Cocks* Lord Parker, Mr.

Lyster* Mr. Gorr, Sir Cor del Fire brace, Mr. War bur ton*

Mr. Jo&v G*r*. Mr. C<dleton* Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lowndes*

Mr. Penton, Mr. #'5^, Mr. Belchier* Mr. Drake* Sir Chwles Kemys Tynte* Mr. Southwell, Sir Charles Mordaunt* Colonel Leighton* Mr. Poore* Sir Francis Poole \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex*

Essex* and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Cray of Peterborough* through Oundle and Tb- apflon* to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton* was read a Second time.

Refohed\ That the Bill be committed to Lord Caiysfort,

Mr. XV»/, Mr. Potter* Mr. Knight ley* Mr. Compton* Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Care, Mr. Fell owes. Mr. Whitworth* Mr. Lambe* Mr. Montagu* Mr. Sydenham* Mr. Lowndes* Mr. Barbor* Mr. No?they* Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Caley, Mr. Gr<ry, Mr. Vyner, Sir William Beauchamp PrcSfor* Mr. Allgood\ Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cooke* Mr. Salusbury* Mr. Paeon, Sir Charles Mora aunt* Sir Francis Drake* Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Tracey* Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Pinney* Mr. I Vi lies* Mr. Rtcbards* Sir James Lowther* Mr. Nugent, Mr. Pi//, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Beaghan* Sir Charles Kemys Tynte* Mr. Cocks* Mr. South-well* Mr. G01V. Mr. Affleck* Sir Roger Newdigate* Mr. Chetwynd* Sir P<?/er fhompfon* and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Huntingdon* Cambridge* Warwick* and Lticester; And they are to meer this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Pool*, Constables, and other the principal Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of £/. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex* whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the Laws in being no effectual Provision is made for enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and Passages, within the said Parish, or for establishing, maintaining, and governing, a nightly Watch, or for repairing the Roads and Highways there; for wane of which, Nuisances are suffered, and many bad Accidents have happened, and several Parts of the Roads and Streets within the Parish aforesaid are, in the Winter Season, so very ruinous, that

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Petfdnsi Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Navigator*, and other Nene, &c. Traders, at the Borough and Port of King's Lynn, in die N.V.gaudn; Courity of Norfolk, was presented to the House, arid read; setting forth. That the Navigation of the River None, from Salters-load Sluice,through Creek, by the

Town of Outwell, to Floods Ferry, and the Navigation from Floods Ferry,through IVbittlefea Dyke, by // rights Bridge, to Stand-ground Sluice, near the City of Peterborough, and the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, through the Old Bedford River, and the Forty Foot

by the Towns of Chatteris and Ramsey, to Floods Ferry aforesaid, are so grown up with Weeds, Slit, and other Foulncfles, that it is often with Difficulty Boats, or other-Vessels, are carried up them in Winter, and in dry Summers there is no Passage for Vessels up or down the same; and alleging. That the Cleansing and Dcpthening of the aforesaid Navigations from Salters-load to Stand-ground Sluice, and from the Old Bedford Sluice, to the Towns of Chatteris and Ramsey, and from Chatte ls and Ramsey to Floods Ferry aforesaid, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the several Towns, and other Places, in the Great Level of the Pens, and also to the whole Country in general as well as the Petitioners; And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving and preserving the Navigation of the River Nene, from Salters-load Sluice aforesaid, through Well Creek, by the Town of Outwell,to Floods Ferry, and the said Navigation from Floods Ferry, through IVbittlefea Dyke, by Wrights Bridge, to Stand-ground Sluice aforesaid, and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, through the Old Bedford River and the Forty Foot Drain, to the l'owns of Chatteris and Ramsey, and from Chatteris and Ramsey to Floods Ferry, aforesaid, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear td them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Turner, Mr. Gybborii Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wilkitrfon, Mr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cocke, Mr. Potter, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Proufa, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Compton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fellowts, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Thornbagh, General Sir Lionel Pil-

Carriages cannot pass with Safety; and alleging, That if kingten. Sir William Beauchamp Problor-, and all the Mem-:

the said Inhabitants were enabled by Parliament more effectually to enlighten and cleanse the said Streets and other Places, and to regulate the nightly Watch, and to amend the Highways within the said Parish, it would be of publick Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

bers who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk,flam-bridge, Huntingdon, and Northampton: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from Pamlhing the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Mutiny an* punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Pay- ^e‘cntotl*

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ment of the Army, and their Quarters, was committed*

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. , Sir

William Beauchamp Problor, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Kyr.aston, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Mr. West, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Belchier, Sir Walter , Sir Charles

Kemys Tynte, Mr. Cocks, Sir Charles Lord

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill i and which they had directed him to report to the; House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout* and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. y

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be It*

Parker, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Poore,

Mr. Northey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Saluf-

bury, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Richards, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Legge, grossed.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Page, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Newnbam, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, GoiiftaUerf Drake, Mr. Aldwcrtb, Sir John Turner, Mr. Thornbagh, a Bill for the better securing to Const voles, and othe. s, the txk>-u'-&»*

General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hay, and all the Members who Expences of convey ing Offenders to iaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons boun I to give Evident* against Felons: And the same was rcce*vcd.

to L And

serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they arc to meet this Vol. a6.

A Member takes Oaths.

Gehren’s

Nat.

Grevenkop’s

Nat.

Bazin’s, See. Nat.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Distemper

amongst

Cattle.

866 f — 10° D. A. 17 5 3>

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed1 the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet, and Mr.

Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick VcnGebren, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Caspar Grevenkop, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Isaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, and Peter Guinard, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hoftjfe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, That the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1754 of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1752 to satisfy Principal and Incereft charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 17J4.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Laws made, and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whold House, to consider further of the Laws made* and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill;

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Mult Duties, for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four, was committed, The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Supply Bill; a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service Land Tax* of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. L. 11. To leave out " Eighth," and insert " Ninth."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly/

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundrd and Fifcy-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; Puniftiing and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quar- Mutiny and ters; was read the Third time. Defcrtion.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Navigators, and other Nene, &c. Traders and Proprietors of Lands, of the City of Peter- Navigation. borough, in the County of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the several Traders and other Inhabitants of the several Towns of Whittlesea, March, Chatteris,

Ramsey, Out well, and Upwell, and other adjoining Places, in the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally alleging, That the Cleansing and Deepening of the Navigation of the River Nene, from 'Salters-load Sluice, by Floods Ferry, to Stand-ground Sluice, near the City of Peterborough, and the Navigation through the Old Bedford River and the Forty Foot Drain, through the Towns of Chatteris and Ramsey, to Floods Ferry aforesaid, will be of great Advantage to the whole Country in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving and prefetVing the Navigation of the said River, from Salters-load Sluice aforesaid to Floods Ferry, and from Floods Ferry to Stand-ground Sluice aforesaid; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, through the Old Bedford River and the Forty Foot Drain, to the Towns of Chatteris and Ramsey, and from Chatteris and Ramsey to Floods Ferry aforesaid; in such manner as the House shall think proper.

A Pcti-

N>ne, &c. Navigation.

Aflcerfwell Iiill Road.

ConfUblcs’ Expences.

17 Geo. II; 10° — ii9

A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application made to the House for a Bill for improving and preserving the Navigation of the said River Nene from and to the several Places aforementioned; and alleging, That, if such a Bill should pass into a Law, it would be of great Benefit to the inhabitants of the several Towns and other Places in the said great Level of the Fens, as well as to the whole Country in general: And therefore praying the House, That a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to rheConfideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Navigators, and other Traders, at the Borough and Port of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, is referred: And they are to examine the Matter of these Petitions 5 and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Entrenchment on Afkerfwell Hill, opposite to Chil-combe Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to Char-mouth Bridge, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Beamijler, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Charmouth Bridge aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster and the Parishes of Kilmington and Shute, in the County of Devon, as far as a Place called Wilmington Water, at the West End of the Parish of Da/wood, in the said County of Dorset; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.^fa* Pitt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gore, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Wejf, Mr. Ky nation, Mr. Prow)Sr, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Neale, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Northey, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.’ Comptony Mr. Hay, Colonel Haldaney Mr. Gray, Mr. Fonereauy Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Campbell, Sir Francis Pooley Mr. All-good, Mr. Poore, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Fancy Lord OJfory, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Thom-bagby Mr. Wilson, Sir William Calverty Mr. Montagu, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Martin, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Vgne, Mr. Aldworth, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Duke, Mr, Drake, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hale, Lord Barrington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, Dezon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons; was read a Second time.

The Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the Rating and Levying of the Charges for conveying Malcfaftors to the Gaol, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said BHI.

Decenlbris.

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Waste Simonbum or Common called Simonbum Common, in the Manor and Inclosure. Parish of SimOnburn, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Refolvtd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Waller Blacket, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowfi, Mr. All good, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Vxner, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Ker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Barne, Mr. M'ilkinfon. Lord Harley, Mr. Thombagb, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wigley, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Northey,

Mr. Compton, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Sir William Beauchamp P roll or, Mr. Cocks i and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nor-tbumberlandi Westmorland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Tdrk, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Diilempei whole House, to consider further of the Laws made, and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, 41 e* more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort took the Chair of the Committee#

Mr.' Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fie again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made, and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Diuem-per which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, ii° die Decembris;

Trent Bridge Mr. Thombagb reported from the Committe, to whom

Road. the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Coflcck, otherwise Lane,

to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester\ and for making the said Act morccffeftualj was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Yol. 26.

Anno 270 Georgii IP* Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

MR. Hale reported from the Committee, to whom Granger’s the Bill to enable John Granger Esquire, and his Name. Heirs, to use and take the Surname of Leman, and to bear the Arms of Sir William Leman deceased, was committed;That the Committee had examined the A negations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the 11 House,

Hockliffe

Road.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Leith

Harbour.

868 n° Decembris. 1753.

House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act,passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford\ and Stcney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he , read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith, and to impower the Trustees therein to be mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and for erecting Docks and other Qonveniencies on the Sides thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kery Mr, Newnham, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Stephens, Sir William Tonge, Sir John Molesworth*, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster9 Mr. Taylor, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Hay, Sir John Turner, Mr. Robinson, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cooke, Wit.' Southwell, Mt. Page, Mr. Thornbagh, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Potter, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. John Gore; and all the Members who serve for North Britain, and all the

Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers TrentBrid-e granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Reid* Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise Cortling-flock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Ccflock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name bf Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornbagh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved icfelf into a Committee of the ConfUblo* whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing to Con- Expences. stables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reporred from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for E(IImate if executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Riding. Britain, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Ad- c* dress to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his, Majesty’s Ships, and other extra Works at his Majesty’s several Yards, for the Year 1754* over and above what are proposed to be done on foe head of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The frid Estimate is as followeth viz.

Navy

27 Geo. II. 110 Decembris. 869

Navy Office, 10th December, 1753. AN Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his MajestyY Ships, and other extra Works, at his Majesty’s several Yards, for the Year 1754, over and above what are proposed to be done on the head of Wear and Tear and Ordinary; prepared in pursuance of an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 5th Instant*

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Nature of the Repair* Time when to be Charge of their Total*

Taken in Hand. > Completed. Jails, MpAs, and Yards. 1 digging and Stores.

Deptford 80 Cambridge - - Building - In Hand October 1755 5,500 5,500

6p Medway - - Building - In Hand September 17 54 7,000 4.630 11,630

5y Preston - - - Building - In Hand August 1755 i,5c° — 1,500

Woolwich 100 Royal Ann - Building - In Band March 1755 6,000 — 6,000

80 Norfolk - - - Building - In Hand Augu.fi 1756 6,400 — 6,400

66 Dunkirk - - Building - In Hand April next - 4,700 4.893 9,93

Rippon - - - Building - In Hand Uncertain - 4,000 — 4,000

For the Charge of rebuilding Lodgings for the Mailer

Attendant, and Clerk of the Survey; the latter being

very much decayed, and the former Handing near to the

new-purchased Ground, the taking down of which, and

re-building them on the said Ground adjoining to the — — 1,600

other Officers Lodgings, will give very convenient Room

for Stowing of Timber; which is very much wanted;

and also for framing of Ships that shall be ordered to be

built on the Slip contiguous thereto

Chatham 90 Namur - - 1 Building - I In Hand September 1756 10,000 — 10,000

Union - - - 1 Building - 1 In Hand September 1756 10,000 6,745 16,745

For preparing the Frame of a new Ship of 70 Guns, in the 1

room of the Burford taking to Pieces, to be set up on 1,500 1,500

the North Slip - - - )

Sheerness 60 Montague - - Building - In Hand December 1756 3.56° — 3>56°

Portsmouth 100 Britannia - - Building - In Hand Uncertain - 2,000 — a,000

90 Neptune - - Building - In Hand Uncertain ' - 7,000 — 7,oo°

5° Chatham - - Building - In Hand Uncertain - 5,000 — 5,000

9° Marlborough to be repaired, and

reduced to a Ship of 80 Guns In Hand Uncertain - - 10,000 — 10,000

( To complete the Masts

70 Chichester - - Built - < and Y ards, Furniture, [ - 3»522 ’3.5 22

and Stores - - - S

For preparing the Frame of a new Ship of 60 or 70 Guns,

in the room of One of the old Ships that may probably. > I l.COO

when taken in hand, be in want of Rebuilding, to be set

up on the South Slip at the Bason J

Plymouth 70 Magnanime Great Repa ir In Han d May 17 $$- - 6,640 — 6,640

60 Pembroke - - Building - 1 In Han< d December 1755 2,240 -i — 2,240

For carrying on the Works of a Building y Slip already be-

gun, between the North Slip and the North Corner 0

the Yard; also for converting the North Slip into a Dock 9 ~ — 1,900

which may dc very useful in time of War, and in time 0 f

Peace can be employed to< build Ship s in -

TotAL - 94,540 j i9»790 117.83°

ABSTRACT.

For the Hulls of the Ships - £. 94,540

Rigging and Stores 19,790

Other extra Works - - - 3,500

Total - £. 117,830

Viz. The Sum of One hundred Seventeen thousand Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds,

S. Mqftytty Jof Alliny Dan Devert,

R. OJborn, G. Adams.

Vol. 26.

jo M Ordered)

1

yd i i ° — 11

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, fe> be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 12° die Decembris;

Anno 27* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1753. Prayers.

HockHffe A N ingrossed Bill to continue and render more effec-

Koad. jTjL tual an a<&, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third time.

'Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stafford, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sloancan, &c. The House being informed, That the Receivers of the

CoUedions. Contributions to the Lottery directed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, An Account of the Contributors to the Lottery directed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for purchasing of the Museum or Colltftion of Sir Hans Sloane, and the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts 5 and for providing One general Repofttory for the better Rer ception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereto.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ncftc, &c. sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to whom lvers’ the Petition of the Merchants, Navigators, and other Traders, at the Borough and Port of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk 5 and also the Petition of the Merchants, Navigators, and other Traders and Proprietors of Lands, of the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and also the Petition of the several Traders and other Inhabitants of the several Towns of Whittlesea, March, Chatteris, Ramsey, Outwell, and Upwell, and other adjoining Places, in the great Level of the Fens called Bedford level-, and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; wefe severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Langley Edwards said, That he had, about the Ninth of November last, surveyed the River Nene-, and that the fame, from Salter's load Sluice, through Well Creek, by the Town of Outwell, to Floods Ferry, is, in many Places, not above 24 or 2j Feet broad; and the Navigation is so obstructed with Weeds, Silt, and other Foul-nesses, that it is impossible for Boats or other Vessels to pass the same between the Months of March and October; and that from October to March Vessels of Twelve Tons Burthen cannot carry above Three; and that the old Navigation from Floods Ferry to Wrights Bridge, through Whittlesea Meer, Ramsey Meer$ and Ugg Meer, was always

Decembris. A. 1753;

very dangerous, many Vessels having beeri there loft, and it is at present totally impracticable, arid is Eight Mile9 farther than by Whittlesea Dyke, through which the Navigation has for many Years been carried on from Floods Ferry to Standground Sluice; and that the OldBedfcrdRiver, through the Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramsey, and from thence to Floods Ferry, is in very bad Condition, and the many shoal Places and Shallows therein render it very difficult for Vessels to get over the fame: And th&

Witness said, he has seen many Stacks of Corn un-threshed, which the Owners informed him they could not remove on Account of the Badness of the River; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Country in general, it the said River was made more navigable.

Matthev.; Wildmore Esquire confirmed the above Evidence; and added, That the Country suffers very much for want of the said River being in good Condition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving and preserving the Navigation of the RxvtxNene, from Salter's-load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, through Whittlesea Dyke, to Stand ground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, through Old Bedford River, and the Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramsey, and from thence to Floods Ferry, in the County of Cambridge: And that Sir John Turner, Mr. Horatio Walpole, of King's Lynn, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Matthew Robinson, and Mr. Lambe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Debtors’ P«. Majesty’s Prison commonly called the King's Bench, in ution. behalf of themselves, and all others in the like miserable Circumstances throughout this Kingdom in general: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Ditto. Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, to the Amount of near Seven hundred, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Granger Esquire, and his Heirs, to use and take the Surname of Leman; and to bear the Arms of Sir William Leman deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable John Granger Esquire, and his Heirs, to use and take the Surname of Leman; and to bear the Arms of Sir William Leman deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Hale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gray, according to Order, reported from the Com- ConfLbles* mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ExPcnces-securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one;

*nd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be'ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 18th Importation Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Ca^bricka, prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns; and also that an Act made in the 21st Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

Welt riio-slofuic.

Sopply.

Distemper

amongst

Celtic.

Stntford upon Aron Koadf,

27 Geo. II.

Act for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and Irencb Lawns; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pur, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the salt! Acts;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Thomas Gibbons, 'Thomas Green, and divers others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the open and common Fields of Welton, in the County of Northampton was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill depending in the House, for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields, should pass into a Law, it will be greatly detrimental to the Property of the Petitioners therein: And therefore praying, That they may be hfcard by themfrlves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Crdeted, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Outers of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve iticlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refulve iticlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made, and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more cffcftually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 130 dieDxehibrh; Anno 27® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Alcjerfnen, Burgesses,

and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Stratford upon Avon in the County of Warwick ;r and also of the Bailiffs, and other the Inhabitants, of the Market Town of Alcester, in the said County, and of Bromsgrove and Feckenham, in the County of Worcester^ whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was piefcntedto the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads from Stratford, through Alccjier and Feckenham aforesaid, to Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, joining ro the Turnpike leading from thence to Droitwycb, are so very ruinous, that, in several Months in the Year, the same are very dangerous for Horsemen, and almost: impassable for Carriages; and that the same arc, in feme Places, so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the said Roads from the said Borough of Stratford, through Alcejhr aforesaid, Great Coughton, and Crabs Cross, in the County of Warwick, and from thence through Hewell Lane and Burcott, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, to the Cross of Hands cm the Common called The Leekbay, in the said County of Worcester, and likewise the Road out of Hewell Lane aforesaid, through Tutnell, in the said County of Warwick, to Bromsgrove aforesaid, in the County of li or cester, are also as bad, or in a worse Condition, than the Roads first above-mentioned; and alleging, That the said Roads cannot be sufficiently widened and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring In a Bill for erecting a sufficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-houses upon the said Roads, and for paying a Toll at the same; and that with the Money arising therefrom the said Roads may be widened, amended, and kept tri Repair.

Vol. 264

87 f

Ordered, That the said Petition &e referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Rufhouty Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wil-kinfon, M f. Sydenham, M r. Bertie, M r. Cooke, M r. Gray,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Nor they,

Mr. Newnham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wiglcy, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Martin, VI r. Chetwynd% Mr. Tracey Sir Charles Kemys \Tynte, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proffor,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

Thornbagb, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lyfler, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Reynold's, Mr. Mcreton, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Charles Townshend, Mr. Clavcll, Mr Cjffiey, Lord Harley,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Beagban, Mr.

Greatheed; Mr, Southwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, Oxford", Northampton, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-v ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Vane reported frorA the Committee, to whom the Pejrce Petition of several of the Trustees,.w hole Names are there-under subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from Peirce Bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudtoe Lane End, in the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, arid is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act, of the Twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was read; whereby ir appeared.

That Carriages loaden with Lime, Limcstones, or Coals for burning Limestones into Lime, passing through any of the said Turnpikes, were exempted from the Payment of *ny Toll: And that the Tolls are but very small or Carriages or Cattle going from, or returning laden with Coals for Fewel, and not adequate to the Damage done the Road by the said Carriages. Then,

Mr.. William Hutchinson informed your Committee,

That the said Trustees had borrowed £. ijco. at Fivtp&

Cent. on the Credit of the said Tolls; and he pioduced to yqur Committee the Accounts of the Receipts and Dil-burfements of the Money collected by virtue of the said Act; whereby it appeared, That the annual Income of the lolls had been One Year inefficient to answer the Interest of the Money borrowed, a,nd the Charges of Management; and that the other Years had produced only a very small Surplus.

And hfc said; That, without an Enlargement of the Term and Powers of the said former Act, it will be impossible effectually to amend and keep the said Roads in Repair for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passedi in the Twenty-first Year of the Reigri of his present Majesty for repairing the High Road from Peirce Bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the said County; and for making the same more effectual: And! that Mr. Vane and Mr. Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the better fecriring to Constables, Conflablei* and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; Expencti. and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act for the better securing to Constables, and others,

the

' r > f

\ 26 — 13* D.

fcazia’s, &c. Nat.

SIoanean,&c,

Collections.

Defaults by Lottery Contributors.

Welton Inclosure.

872 130 — 14 D 1753.

the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Per ions bound to give Evidence against Felons.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill^ intituled, An Act for naturalising John Isaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, and Peter Guinard,

And the said Amendments were read, and are as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 8. Leave out " and."

L. 11. After ‘'France,'*- insert " Charles Ber-€t trand, Son of Anthony Bertrand, by Mary Magdalin <c his Wife, born at Geneva, Francis Dejmaretz, Son of " Peter Dejmaretz, by Jane his Wife, born at Monpel-u Her, in the Province of Languedoc, in France, and c; Jacob Blaquiere, Son of John Peter Blaquiere, by Ca-<c tbtrine his Wife, born at Rotterdam*

L. 22. Leave out " and, " and, after " Gui-<c nardj insert 4C Charles Bertrand, Francis Dejmaretz, and Jacob Blaquiere."

L. 37. Leave out <e and, " and, after (f Gui-<f nard,* insert " Charles Bertrand, Francis Dejmaretz, " and Jacob Blaquiere.*

Pr. 2. L. 26. Leave out cc and, " and, after <c Guihard," insert " Charles Bertrand, Francis Dejmaretz, " and Jacob Blaquiere."

L. 36. Leave out Ci and, " and, after <c Gut-11 nard* insert ;c Charles Bertrand, Francis Dejmaretz, and Jacob Blaquiere.*

In the Title gfthe Bill, Leave out ct and, ’* and, after " Guinard,* insert " and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pallures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, it they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Distemper whole House, to consider further of the Laws made, and amonff the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, Caulc-more effectually to prevent the Spieading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysjort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Carysjort reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Comimittee, to Welton lo-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common closure. Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton, is committed, That they do admit Counsel to be heard in favoifr of the said Bill, against the Petition of Thomas Gibbons, Thomas Green, and divers others. Owners and Proprietors of Land in the open and common Fields of Welton, in the County of Northampton, at the same time that the said Petitioners are heard, by themselves, of Counsel, upon their said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 14.0 die Decembris;

Anno 270 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

rT^HE House being informed. That some of the Contribu-X Managers of the Lottery, directed by an Act of tionstoLot-the last Session of Parliament, attended at the Door; tery*

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of Account from the Receivers of the Lottery* granted Anno 1753, of the Money received and paid for Contributions to Tickets in the said Lottery.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to-be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

The House was moved, That a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Purchase of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harieian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Managers and Directors of the Lottery, established by an Act passed last Session of Parliament, do lay before this House the Account, delivered to them by the Receivers appointed in pursuance of the said Act, of all Sums of Money accrued or come to the Hands of the said Receivers, or any of them, respectively.

The House was also moved, That another Clause in the said Act might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Receivers of the Sums contributed to the Lottery, established. by an Act passed last Session of Parliament, do lay before this House an Account of such Contributors who paid down a Proportion of their Con side ration Money, and did not pay the remaining Part before the 26th of October last; with an Account of the Sums so received, and what is become thereof; and also an Account of the Tickets disposed of in consequence of such Contributors Default; distinguishing by and to whom fold, and when and for what Price.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Gibbons, Thomas Green, and divers others. Owners and Proprietors of Land in the open and common Fields of Welton, in the County of Northampton \ which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom

The House being informed, That the Receivers of the DefauTt* b Contributions to the Lottery, directed by an Act of the Lottery G last Session of Parliament, attended at the Door; tributors.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of such Contributors who paid down a Proportion of their Consideration Money, and did not pay the remaining Part before the 26th October last; with an Account of the Sums so received, and what is become thereof; and also an Account of the Tickets disposed of in consequence of such Contributors Default; distinguish-f ing by and to whom fold, and when and for what Price.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,; to be peiufed by the Members of the House#

11 The

27 Geo. II.

The said Account is preferred Papers of this Session.

trrbo- The Lord Cprysfort reported from the Committee, to :gh Road, 'whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered die Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ock field, 6cc* Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, Road. a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uchfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney . Bridge, in the Parish of West bam, in the said County: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sloanean,&c. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

Coile&ioni. That the Book presented to the House upon Wednesday last, intituled, An Account of the Contributors to the Lottery, directed by an Act of Parliament passed in the last Session of Parliament,in!ituied, An Act for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereto; be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.

The House was moved. That several Clauses of the said Act, and also several Parts of the said Book, might be , read:

And the same were read accordingly;

And the previous Question being put, That that Quef-tion be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Book presented to the House upon Wednesday hft, intituled, An Account of the Contributors to the Lottery, directed by an Act of Parliament passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of S'wHans Sloane, *nd the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereto; be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.

And it is referred to Mr. Cocke, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Charles Townjkend, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir George Lee, Mr. Gray, Sir John Rushout, Lord Barrington, Mr. More ton, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Francis Poole, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Brfcawen, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Robinson, Lord Hillsborough, Sir William Beauchamp Proolor, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Bateman, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fel-lowes, Sir Francis Brake, Mr. Yorke, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Thornbagb, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Warburton, Sir Cor del hi rebrace, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Henry Beauclerk, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brijlow, Mr. Neale, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wtlles, Mr. Alderman Baker, General Oglethorpe, Sir William Calvert; and they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they arc to examine the said Book, and report to the House what they shall find in the same ma-Vol. 26.

87?

terial to be laid before the House; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 170 die Decembris;

Anno 27° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

SIR Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Stratford to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bur- uP°n Avon geffes, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Road*‘ Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick; and also of the Bailiffs, and other the Inhabitants, of the Market Town of Alcester, in the said County, and of Bromsgrove and Feckenbam, in the County of Worcester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edward Whitehouse, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from the Borough of Stratford, through Alcefier and Feckenbam, to Bradley Brook; which is very dangerous to Horsemen, almost impassable for Carriages, and too narrow:

That he likewise knows the Road from the said Borough of Stratford, through Alcefier aforesaid. Great Coughton, and Crabbs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, to the Cross of Hands on the Common called The Leek hay, in the said County of Worcester, where the Birmingham, Halesowen, and Dudley Turnpike Roads meet; and likewise the Road out of Hewell Lane aforesaid, through Tutnell, in the said County of Warwick, to Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; which are in a worse Condition than the former, and too narrow; and that the Statute-work is not sufficient to amend the said Roads: That he has known the Statute-work to have been performed, and a Levy besides which has been laid out on the said Road, without Effect; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended without an Act of Parliament.

Mr. John Peyton, being examined, confirmed the Evi dence of Mr. Whitehouse.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re* pairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenbam, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughton and Crabbs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands on a Common called The Leekbay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir John turner presented to the House, according to N«ne, tea to N Order, Rive».

140 — 170 Decembris.

amongst the other

17° Decembrts.

Order, a Bill For improving and preserving the Navigation of the River Nene, from Salters-load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, through Wh'tttlejea Dyke, to Stand-ground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said Ctiunty of Norfolk, through Old Bedford River and the Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramjey, and from thence to Fl'jods Ferry, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Simonbarn

Inclosure.

Sir Walter Blackett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of a cercain Wade or Common called Simonhurn Common, in the Manor and Parish of Simonhurn, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenc to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

AflceriWell A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Hill Road. Parish of Honiton, and of the several Parishes of Wid-worthy and Qffwell, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House* and read; taking Notice, Thar a Bill is depending in the House for erecting a Turnpike for repairing the Roads from the Top of AJkerJwell Hill, through Bridport, to Charmouth, in the County of Dor-Jet, and from the said Parish of Charmouth, through Ax-minster, to a Place called Wilmington Water, in the said County of Devon; and setting forth, That the Road lying between Wilmington Water and Honiton is Three Miles in Length, and is very much out of Repair, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and alleging, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be of great Detriment to the Petitioners the Inhabitants of the said Town of Honiton: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Road lying between Wilmington Water, and the Back Part of the Workhouse in Honiton aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Cderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duke, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. More ton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Metilicot, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Amy and, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Drake, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lockyer, Sir William Calvert, Mr, Fellowes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Cocks, Colonel Leighton, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Martin-, and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sloanean.&c. Ordered, That the Account of such Contributors who Collc&ioo*. paid down a Proportion of their Consideration M oney, and did not pay the remaining Part before 26th ORober last; with an Account of the Sums so received, and what is become thereof; and also an Account of the Tickets disposed of in consequence of such Contributors Default, distinguishing by and to whom fold, and when and for what

Price; be relerred to the Consideration of the Committee* to whom the Book, intituled, An Account of the ContrL butors to the Lottery, directed by an Act of Parliament puffed in the last Feffton of Parliament, intituled, An Act' for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Ham Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manufscripts; and for providing One general RepofnoTy for the better Re^ ception and more convenient life of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereto, . is referred.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Account from tho Receivers of the Lottery, granted Anno 1753, of the Money received and paid for Contributions to Tickets in the said Lottery, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, *

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee* to Whom the BUI for the better enlightening and cleaning the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Pafftges, and Courcs, within the Parish of St. Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly Watch and pea*, dies; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the pill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table!

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road Pew. from the City of Peterborough, through Oitndle and Thrap* boruogfc fton, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following waspropoled to be made to the Bill; viz-

Pr. 6. L. 9, 10, 11. To leave out cc paying only 0«f €t Third-part of the respective Tolls hereby granted " and made payable," and to insert instead thereof " Toll-free."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill wai amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass \ And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from thg City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston* to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Pill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Orders piereeBrMgi Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers grafted by an Act, fowl, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Pierce Bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the said County; and for making the same more effectualf And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Clsrkwwil Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Stwttfc , Poor, Constables, and other the principal Farifhioners and 1

Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, In the I

County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read, and i$ as followeth; viz-In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition# iq Mr#


Afr'riVen

HiS Road.

Distemper

tmonjr

Cattle*

Suppl/.

27 Geo. II.

Mr. George Talmafh and Mr. Adam Wright were severally Examined; and la d, That the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of M'tddlesex, is Very populous, and conta.ns about 1,400 Houses; and that many Manufacturers live in the said Parish, most of whoip are poor People, and by realon of their Occupations occasion much Dirt and Filth, particularly in the narrow Passages:

That no effectual Provision is made by the Laws in being for cleansing the Streets and Passages in the said Parish, and for lighting and watching the same; and that if the same uas well lighted, and a regular Watch established, it would greatly tend to the Security of the Inhabitants thereof, and of all Persons resorting the reto:

That the Highways in the said Parish are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the Performance of Statute-work.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and Passages, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwdl, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish: And that Mr. Cooke and Sir William Beauchamp Prod or do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and of the Inhabitants of many of the Villages and Places adjacent to the said Town of Bridport,vihok Names are thereunder subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants of the said Town and Villages, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill now depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Entrenchment on Askerfwell Hill, through the Town of Bridport, to Charmouth Bridge, and from Bridport to Beamijler, in the County of Dorset \ and also the Road from Charmouth Bridge, to a Place called Wilmington Water, on the West End of the Parish of Dalwood, in the said County, should pase into a Law as it is now drawn,it will be very prejudicial to the Pecitioners and many other Persons: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard against such Parts of the said Bill as will affcCt them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if ‘ they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the Laws made, and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom;

Rtfohed, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, and other extra Works at his Majesty’s several Yards, for the Year 1754, over and above what are proposed to be done on the 1 lead of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mighti-nesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Part; and his most Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria, on the other Part; concluded at Hanover on the J J- of August 1750; and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January 1750) be referred to the said Committee.

VOL. 26*

7$

Ordered, That thetopy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Migh tine fifes the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Part; and his Majesty the King of Poland\ Elector of Saxony, on the other Part; concluded at Drejden, September 13th 1751; and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 16th Day of January 1752) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee of Distemper the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into "f10*# Consideration the Laws made, and the Rules, Orders, CaiUt* and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the lodging of Cattle driven for Sale in Places where infected Cattle are, or have lately been, may be one Cause of spreading the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the mixing together different Herds of Cattle, not fit for immediate Slaughter, in Fairs, Markets, and other Places for Sale, has been one other Cause of spreading the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the mixing of infected Cattle with found, irt Commons and common Grounds, has been one other Cause of spreading the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That great Difficulties and Inconveniencies have arisen, and may hereafter arise, from the want of proper Powers to order the lodging Cattle stopt by virtue of his Majesty’s Order in Council of March 2 2d 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the killing of infected Cattle upon their first being seized, have not in general been pundtually complied with.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Certificates for Cattle to be driven beyond the Distance of Five Miles, without a Limitation of Time beyond which such Certificates shall cease to be of Force, arc subject to Abuse, and may have been one other Cause of spreading the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That ic is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Contracts and Bargains between the Buyers and Sellers of Cattle, conditional upon such Cattle, or any Number of them, surviving a certain Time, tend to the continuing and further spreading the Distemper now raging among tfce horned Cattle of this Kingdom.

Resolved,

170 Decem.

876

Refoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, now in being, for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, be reduced into One Act of Parliament, subject to such Alterations and Regulations as his Majesty, by the Advice of his Privy Council, shall, from time to time, think proper to order.

Resolved, That ic is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Notices ordered to be given of the breaking out, and ceaTing, in particular Places, of the Distemper now raging among the horned Cactle in many Parts of this Kingdom, by his Majesty’s Order in Council of the 22d Day of March 1747, be published in the London Gazette.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no horned Cattle be driven or admitted into arty Paftflre, Close, or Field, where the Distemper has been, for Two Calendar Months after such Distemper has ceased; nor for SixCalendar Months where such Pastures, Closes, or Fields, have not been cleared of all Litter, Dung, Stover, or Hay, remaining in such Pastures, Closes, or Fields, during the Distemper, and where such Pastures, Closes, or Fields, have not been rolled, mowed, or fed bare with Horses, Hogs, Geese, or Sheep.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Certificate for Cattle to be driven beyond the Distance of Five Miles, conformable to his Majesty’s Order in Council, be of Force for any longer Term than Ten Days from the Date of such Certificate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Two or more Herds of Cattle, con filling together of above Twenty Beads, intended for immediate Bale, and not fit for immediate Slaughter, be driven into, or admitted at the same time in, the same Pasture, Close, Field, Fair, Market Place, or other Place of Sale whatsoever, unless such Pasture, Close, Field, Fair, Market Place, or other Place of Sale, be so separated and divided as to preserve the Cattle of such different Herds from immediate Contact.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no horned Cattle be driven to Pasture in Commons or common Grounds, unless such Cattle have been in the Possession of their Owners, and free from the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle of this Kingdom, Forty Days at the least before such driving.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That proper Powers be granted for the lodging such Cattle as shall be flopped by virtue of his Majesty’sOrder of Council of March 22d 1747:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Contracts and Bargains between the Buyers and Sellers of Cattle, conditional upon such Cattle, or any Number of them, surviving a certain Time, be void; and that further Penalties be inflicted upon all those who shall so offend.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Reward, equal to the full Value, shall be paid to the Owner of every First, Second, and Third Beaftof the whole Stock of horned Cattle upon every Farm or Holding of the same Person, that shall be seized with the Distemper now raging amongst the horned Cattle of this Kingdom, and that shall be separated, killed, and buried, conformable to his Majesty’s Order in Council of March 22d 1747, provided such Beast or Beasts shall have been the real Property, and remained in the actual Possession, of such Owner Forty Days at the least immediately preceding such killing.

The Thirteen first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Q<ief-tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out " lodging," and inserting the Words u Dilposition of" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word of lodging" stand Part of the said Resolution;

Ai-jsi-

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being pflt, Thdt tti£ Words {* Dispo; fuion of" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Rcfdved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That proper Powers be granted for the Disposition of such Cattle as shall be flopped by virtue of his Majesty’s Order of Council of March 22d 1747.

The Fifteenth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question pile thereupon; agreed to by the House.

The la ft Resolution of the Committee being read Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after u Holding," the Words " or upon Commons thereto belonging."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That a Reward, equal to the full Value, shall be paid to the Owner of every First,

Second, and Third Beatl of the whole Stock of horned Cattle upon every Farm or Holding, or upon Commons thereto belonging, of the same Person, that shall be seized with the Distemper now ranging amongst the horned Cattle of this Kingdom, and that shall be separated, killed, and buried, conformable to his Majesty’s Order in Council of March 2ld 17475 provided such Beast or Beasts shall have been the real Property, and remained in the actual Possession, of such Owner Forty Days at the lcafl immediately preceding such killing.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that the Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nugent,t Sir Cor del Fir ebrace, Lieutenat General Oglethorpe, Mr.

John Stuart, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Wilkitfon, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Bayntun, and Mr. Follower, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. MQntqgn and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill 5 for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Land Tax. raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifcy-four, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties Malt Duriei. upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifcy-four, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Army; for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion; and for the better Mutiny and Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without any Dcrcnion* Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act TrentBridg for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Road. Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Notting-. ham, through Coflock, otherwise Cor/lingstock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned tyll Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock* I

170 Decembris.


27 Geo. II/ 18° Lkc 87

Marti:)18* Decembris;

Anno 27° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

Deptford a PETITION of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Poor* atet. Overseers of the Poor, Surveyors of the Highways,

and other Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth That the Streets and Highways within the said Parishes are very ill paved and repaired, and that the Inhabitants are not impowered, by any Law in being, to cleanse the fame; and alleging. That if an additional Rate for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parities, was to be added to, and colletted with, the Rates annually made for the Relief of the Poor, and some further Regulations made for the better Government of the Poor, and repairing and cleansing the High ways, Streets, and PafiTages, within the said Parishes, the same would tend to the Ease and Advantage of the Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Churchwardens and Parishioners, assembled in the Vestries of the respective Parishes aforesaid, to make yearly One or more Rate or Rates for repairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets in the said Parishes, to be added to, and collefled with, the Rate for the Relief of the Poor, with such Power and Regulations for the better Government of the Poor, and for repairing and cleansing the said Highways, Streets, and Passages, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Watftm, Mr. Gybbcn, Mr. Budget! 1 Sir John Rujbout, Lord strange, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinftn, Mr. banders, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Peter Thompson, Lord Carysfort, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. jHoblyn, Mr. Tor he. Sir Richard tVrcttesley, Colonel Lee, Sir William Beauchamp Preftor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Kent, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Metcalfe, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Cocks, Lord Dupplin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and Sussex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Uckfield,&c. A Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in

Road. Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the

Town of Uckfte/d, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westbam, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Refolvtd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Budgen, Sir William Beauchamp Pro ft or, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Frederick, Sir Charles Mor-dtiunt, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Strange, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Sir John Rujbout, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Lee, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Charlton, Sir Bouchier Wrey, Mr. WiL kinfen. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cooke, Sir Peter Thompson Mr. Pitt, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Anson, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Wat-Jon, Mr. Shelly, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cocks, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surry, and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports s And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1

Di(temper Ordered, That Mr. Cooke be added to the Gentlemen,

Cauk W arC aPP0,ntcc* to PrcParc* and bring in, a Bill, pur- ' suant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it v/as Vol. 26.

referred to take into Con side ration the Laws made, anc} the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made by his Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and which Resolutions were, with Amendments to some of them, then agreed to by the House.

Sir William Tange reported from the Committee, to AfeerfWeil whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the HlU Town and Parish of Honiton, and of the several Parishes of Widworthy and Offwell, in the Coupry of Devon, was referred; Thar the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House i and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as folio we th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Ames Callardinformed your Committee.^rhat the Road mentioned in the Petition was in a ruinous Condition, and could not be repaired by the ordinary Cpurfe of Law.

Which Evidence was confirmed by several Members present; who added. That if a T urnpike should be erected at Wilmington Water, and the Read from thence to Hcni-toh should not be repaired, it will be a great f Jardship to the Inhabitants of Honiton, a9 it will subject both them and the Persons trading to the said Town to the Payment of a Toll, without receiving a Benefit equal to the Expence.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Entrenchment on Afkerfwell Hill, opposite to Chiicombe Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to Charmouth Bridge, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Beamifter, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Charmouth Bridge aforesaid, through the Town of Axmmfter, and the Parishes of Kilmingtcn and Shine, in the County of Devon, as far as a Place called Wilmington Water, at the West End of the Parish of Dalwood, in the said County of Dorset, is committed; That they have Power to make Pravision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from Wilmington Water aforesaid, to the Work-house at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

An ingrossed Bill for* dividing and inclosing Part of a Simonburn certain Waste or Common called Simonburn Common, in ^oclorurc. the Manor and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thac the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Waste or Common called Simonburn Common, in the Manor and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blacket do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him ro report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as follow*th; viz.

Refolvtd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum,not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be ‘ granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty ro make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pur-luant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

Thpt a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Pounds,

10 O be

78 i8* — 190 Decembris. ' A. 1753.

be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Lift of Navy The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for 'ChipUini. executing the Office* of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the Chaplains who served in his Majesty’s Ships during the late Wars with France and Spain, commencing the 19th October 1739.

And the Title of the Book containing the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Litchfield A Petition of Henry Vernon Esquire was presented to Election. the House, and read; setting forth, That on the 24th Day of November 1753 came on the Election of a Citizen to serve in this Parliament for the City of Litchfield, in the room of the Honourable Richard Levejon Gower Esquire, deceased, at which the Petitioner and Sir Thomas Grefley Baronet, were Candidates; and alleging. That William Brookes Gentleman, Sheriff of the said City of Litchfield, and who was the Returning Officer at this Election, being gained into the Interest of the said Sir Thomas Grefley, did proceed in taking the Poll against the Petitioner with the utmost Partiality, rejecting many legal Votes which were duly tendered for the Petitioner, and admitting great Numbers of Votes in favour of the said Sir Thomas Grefley, who had not the least Colour of Right; and that the principal Magistrates, Town-clerk, and Chamberlain, of the said City, having, previous to the Election, got into their or some of their Custody or Power all the Burgage Books and Rentals of the Chief or Burgage Rents of the said City, and the Books of Enrolments of Freemen in many of the Companies of the said City, and all the original Assessments of the several Parishes there, and other Evidences of a publick Nature, did not only refuse to allow the Petitioner, or his Agents, to take Copies or Extracts thereof, though they were frequently applied to for that Purpose; bur the said Bailiffs and Town-clerk, in concert with the said Sheriff, with a View to deprive the Petitioner of all Means of qualifying and supporting his own Votes, and to di(able him from proving Objections to Sir Thomas Grefley'*, did refuse to let the Petitioner, or his Agents, infpcCt the said Books, Assessments, and Evidences, even when they thought proper to produce the same in Court, in Support of the Claims of Voters who appeared in the Interest of the said Sir Thomas Grefley; and that the Chamberlain of the said City, from the like unjust Motives, refused to appear in Court to give his Testimony touching die Rights of the Burgage Tenants, from wjhom he had or ought to have collected the Burgage or Chief Rents due to the said City, though he was frequently called upon in Court, and applied to for that Purpose; and that by these and divers ocher illegal and undue Methods, made use of by the said Sheriff, Magistrates, Town-clerk, and Chamberlain, of the said City, and by the Agents of the said Sir Thomas Grefley, a Majority was obtained for the said Sir Thomas Grefley; who hath been returned accordingly, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a considerable Majority of legal Votes chac were received or tendered for him, and was duly elected for the said City, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the Hous; to take the Petitioner’s same into Con side rat ion, and to give the Pe^ ritioner such Relief in the Premiles as the Nature of his same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard # -

at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 24th Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij 190 die Decembris;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1753.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Clock-makers and Clocfc- Watch-makers, whose Names are thereunto sub- "iaker* feribed, in behalf of themselves, and of all other Persons *ourilc3rneD* exercising the said Trade within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and all other Persons exercising the saidTrade, are obliged to intrust: Gold, Silver, and other valuable Materials, in the hands of their Journeymen, and of other Workmen and Artificers employed in preparing or working up the same into Clocks or Watches, and often the Clocks or Watches themselves to alter or clean after they are so made up; and that such Journeymen, and other Workmen and Artificers, frequently fell, pawn, or ocher-wife purloin and embezzle such Materials and Goods, to the great Damage of their Employers, who have not any Redrefsbut by Action atLaw, which is veryexpenfive, and is insufficient to deter the Offenders from committing such Abuses: And therefore, in regard several Laws have been made for preventing the iikeFrauds and Abuses in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, and other Manufactures, praying, That the said Laws may he extended to the said Trade> or that such other effectual Provision may be made for preventing the Frauds and Abuses therein as the House shall think most proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Clocks and Watches: And that Sir William Calvert and Lieutenant General Oglethorpe do prepare, and bring in, die fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ConihWei for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing fthc Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hoddif* to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the RoaJ* Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford\ in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act GrwgeA to enable John Granger Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Leman; and to bear the Arms of Sir William Leman deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Glafrow in Execution an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing lc-veral Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; feuing forth, That by the said Act several Roads are directed to be repaired, and amongst others the several Roads from the Cicy of Glas-gozv to the Eait End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from the Village of Gorbals to a Place calied The Chappel of Cam -buflang, and from the said Village of Gorba's to Three Mile House in the Way to Paisley, and from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin 5 called

27 Geo. II.

19° Decembris.

called The Milnford if Garfcuibyand several Regulations amounting in the Whole to the principal Sum of 15,497 /. are made in the said Act in regard to such Repairs; but, 3*. 2} d. which said Lift is hereunto annexed, N° 1. from a Mistake in the said Act, the Petitioners are not im- Then Mr. William produced to your Committee a List powered to collect any Toll on the said Roads, and several containing an Account of the said several Bills, the Time other Amendments are necessary for the more effectual when each Bill was prefenced; as likewise the Interest, at carrying of the said Act into Execution: And therefore 5/. per Centum per Annum, on each respect iveBijl from the praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to Time of its being presented to the 24th Day oif rectify the said Mistake, and for amending the said Act, 17153, amounting to the Sum of 4,647/. 12J. 3d. which and to impower the Petitioners to collect such Tolls on Lift is also annexed, N" 2.

the said Roads as to the House shall seem meet. A Report of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Land Forces and Secretary at War to the Lords of the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Treasury, upon Auditor s State of Mr. Marriott's

the Matter thereof; and report the fame,asit shall appear Account, as Agent and Paymaster of Two Troops of to them, to the House: Rangers, One Highland Company, Boatmen and Officers,

And it is referred to Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Martin, Mr. and Men for Halfgallicsor Schooners, serving in Georgia, Kynajhm, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Willes, Mr. Aldmorth, from 1743 to 1747, was also produced to your Corn-

Mr. Metcalfe, Lord Egmont, Mr. Hay, Mr. Pitt, Mr. mittce, and read; and'is annexed, N° 3.

Montagu, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gybbon, Then his Majesty’s Warrant, under his Sign Manual,

Sir Edmund 'Thomas, Mr. Lyster,. Mr. Gray, Lord Carys- bearing Date the 2 3d Day of March 1744-5, appointing fort, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Tounjhend; and all the Members the said Mr. Thomas Marriott Agent and Paymaster of the who serve for North Britain: And they arc to meet this said Two Troops of Rangers, One Highland Company, Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- Boatmen and Officers and Men for Half-gallies or ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Schooners, in Georgia, countersigned by the Lords of the Records. Treasury, was also produced, and read; an exact Copy

whereof is hereunto annexed, N* 4.

Slouwan, Ordered, That Mr. Kynafon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. And a Copy of his Majesty’s Establishmenc of Two he Colltc- Affleck, Mr. Chauncey Tuwnfcnd, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Caley, Troops of Rangers, Highland Company, Boatmen and 0#0* Mr. Sloper, Mr. George Townshend, be added to the Com- Officers and Men for Half-gallies or Schooners, in,

mittce, to whom the Book presented 10 the House upon was likewise read, and is hereunto annexed, N" 5.

Wednesday\zft, intituled, An Account of the Contributors There were also produced to your Committee several

CO the Lottery, directed by an Act of Parliament passed Bills drawn from Georgia by the said M ajor William Horton, in the lait Sc (lion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for which had been latisfitd by the said Paymaster; though in purchasing of the Muftum or Collection otSir Hans S/oane, many of them no particular r'ervice was specified only and the har/eianCollection of Manuscripts;. and for pro- these general Words; " on account of his Majesty’s Ser-viding One general Repository for the better Reception " vice;" and several unfinished Bills, although the particular and more convenient Ulc of the said Collections, and of Services were therein mem ioned, agreeable to his Majesty’s the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereto; is EAablishment; were also produced to your Committee, referred. And Mr. Marriott being asked, why those Bills re-

mained unsatisfied; he said, because he had no Money in African The House being informed. That Mr. Hollier from the his hands for that Purpose.

Company. Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to And being asked, If he had received any Money since Africa, attended at the Door; his Appointment in 1745, which had been granted be-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the fore that Time; he said. That since his Appointment he House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Par- had received some of the Money that was granted in the liament. Year 1743; and being required to inform your Com-

A Paper, intituled Anno 175a-Copy of an Account mittee why he had satisfied Bills, wherein no particular of the Expenditure of the Monty issued to the Committee Services were specified, before he had discharged all the of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa. Bills where the Services, agreeable to his Majesty’s Efta-

And then he withdrew. blishment, were specified, he said, He ctnfidered himself

And the Tide of the said Account was read. liable to pay all Bills drawn fur his Majesty’s Service by

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, the Commanding Officer; and that fomerimes the parti-to be perused by the Members of the House. cular Services were distinguished for which those Bills

The said Account is preserved amongst the ‘other were drawn, and fomerimes not; and that it was impossible Papers of this Session. for the Witness to distinguish, before the Accounts came

' over from Georgia, which of the Bills were for tftabliftied

Bin* drawn Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to Services and winch were for extraordinary Services; but iron whom the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names that he never gave any Preference in the Payment of any Georgia. ate thereunto subscribed. Owners of Outstanding Bills of Bill whatsoever; and that, if there had been Money fuf-Exchange and Certificates drawn from Georgia in America, ficient in his Hands, he should have discharged all the Bills for Values supplied for the Use of the Provincial Troops without Distinction.

ar.d Vessels there, between Michaelmas 1743 and Mid- And being asked. If he did not receive his Majesty’s Jummcr 1747, by Order of the Commanding Officer, Establiftunent at the time he received his Appointment as was referred; That the Committee had examined the Agent and Paymaster, he said. He did not receive the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had Establiftunent tulthe Beginning of May 1745, which was directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and about aMonth after he received his Warrant; and that he he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered always understood, that," as far as lay in his Power, it was the fame, together wi»h an Appendix thereto, in at the his Duty to comply with the Establishment, and to that Cleik’s Table: Where the Report was read, and is as Efteft he wrote in August 1745 to the said Major Ucrlon, followed; viz. and at the same time lent him an Establiftinoenc, and like*

Edward Bangbam Esquire, Deputy Auditor of his wife signified to him to distinguish (or the fucure the Scr*. Majesty’s Imprells, produced to your Committee a List vices for which his Bills should be drawn, and not to draw of several Bills of Exchange, and of Certificates, now re- them in lb general a Manner as he ufuaby had done; but tnaining unsatisfied, in the Possession of several Merchants, that his Letter and the Establishment did not arrive in diawn fiotn Geo'giain America between the 4th Day of Georgia till November 1746; after which Time the Wit* An gift 1744 and the Day of May 1750, by Major ness said he did not remember, that the Major drew his Htiliam Horton the then Commanding Officer there. Bills in that general Manner.

Vol. :6. But

Bills drawn from Georgia.

880 19 0 Decemb 1753.

But a Bill was produced to your Committee, dated the for SeF^toes- not expressed in the Establishment made by 29th Day of December 1746, Value 160/. which appeared his Majesty; all which Bills, so far as your Commucre to be paid in Part. observed, appeared to be drawn previous to Major Horton's

And several other Bills were produced ro your Com- receiving the said Establishment. mittee, which had been satisfied, though they were drawn

APPENDIX, N°i.

A LIST of the several principal Sums remaining due on Bills drawn from America, and Certificates given there, for the-Pay of Two Troops of Rangers, One Highland Company, Boatmen, Half-galleys or Schooners, in Gecrgia9 and other Charges thereunto belonging, and for extraordinary Military Services, at Midsummer 1747.

DATES.

To whom, payable.

For what Sums.

When noted.

In whose Possession.

x744» August 4th.

1746, June 14 th.,

4ug. 13th. Oil oh. 31 ft.

Jbecem. 29.

dist-Jan. 10.

12th.

14.

26.

*7-

28 th. Feb. 10th. 12.

26th.

28.

Bill to Captain John M'lntosh for

Sol. - -

Remainder to a Certificate for 338/.

to Stephen Bedon -Certificate to Charles Mackintc/h Bill to Captain Mark Carr Bill to D° - -

Remainder of a Bill to Stephen Bedon for 160 /. - -

, D° of a Bill to D° for 128. 10.

D® of a Da to Richard Kent for 141.

3. 2. - .

D° of a D° to D° for 109. 19. 4. b° of a D° to D* for 70. 8.

D° of a D° to D° for 32. 3. o. -

Bill to Richard Kent -

Remainder of a Bill to Richard Kent for 180. 10. o. -D° of a D* to D® for 50. - Bill to Logan and Pemberton D® to Noble Jones -Remainder of a Bill to Noble Jones for 113-- -

D° of a D® to D? for 122.

D° of a D° to D° for 130.

D® of a D® to D° for 40. 18. - ,

D° of a D° to D° Tor 56. 12. 8.

Bill to Noble Jones - - ’ - '

D° to D* - -

Remainder of a Bill to D# for 114.

D° of a D° to D° for 110. 13. o.

Bill to Noble Jones - -

D° to David Montagut -

Remainder of a Bill to Hugh Bryan for 82. 11. 9. -

D° of a D°to D° for 7?. 2.

D° of a D° to D° for 53. 4.4.

D° of a D° to Isaac Man for 133.

7. 11.

Bill to Luke Kerfted - -

Remainder of a Bill to Mark Carr for 200. 7. O. -

D° of a D® to D® for *240. - -

D° of a D® to D° for 139.

D° of a D° to D° for 160.

D° of a D° to Crockat and Co. for 191. 19.0.

D° of a D° to Captain Thontpfon For 2,130. 17. 1. - - ‘ -

Bill to John Millage -Remainder of a Bill to Stephen Bedon for 300. o. o. - -

D° of a D° to D# for 150.

Bill to D® -

Bill to D® - -

Remainder of a Bill to D° for 340.

0.0. - -

D® of a D° to D° for 220. 0.0.

D° of a D® to Edward Jenkins for 60.

£r d.

50 o o

225 22 .15°

13°

53 6 8 85 U 4

SO l6 I

73 6 3. 46 18 S 2188 300 o o

3 July 1748 - -

24 November 1748 -14 ORober 1748 2 July 1747 - -

4 April 1747 - -6 June U747 - -

11 May 1 747 - -

30 April 1747 - -

22 September 1747 -

23 November 1747 -

20 June 1747 - -

120 6 8 26 February 1747-8

22 13 4 nth August 1747 -

324 18 6 2 July 1747 - -

112 O O

75 6 4 July *747 - -

81 6 8 2 June 1747 - -

86 13 4 V. 1

27 5 4 11 May 1 /47 - -

33 *5. 2 September 1747 -

70 0 0

78 lj 0 1 5 July 17 47 - -

76,0 0 17+7 *

140 '8 8 23 September 1747 -

>3 >5 0 14 October 1748 -

5> 6 1; 6 August 1747 - -

55 > 2"’. 30 'April 1747 - -

5? :* -.4 6 }W 1747. - -

35 9 7 9th September. 1747

88 iS, 8 30, 1747 -

34 14 9 2 7*^ 1747 - -

:*33 tl 4 7th Ja/y 1747 - -

160 0 0 9 September 1747 -

9* *3 4 1 7«/y 1747 - -

100 JJ. , 4 1 June 1747 - -

>*7 *9.4" ils May 1747 - -

,420 11 5 12 A/ay 1747 - -

30 0 .0 8 August 1747 -

200 0 0 11 M >747 - -

IOO O O 30 April 1747 - -

I30 O O 15 May 1747 - -

120 O O 4 August 1747 -

120 0.0 11 7«/)> 1747 - -

*46 13 4 22 June 1747 - -

40 Q O 4 7"^ 1747. - -

Shuhrick.

Mico.

Sitwell, Goddard.

Crockett.

Serjeant and Birch.

Barklay.

Befwick.

Crockett.

D°

Alexander Porterfield

Nichiefon.

Samuel.

Pomeroy.

Ni chief on.

Nicklefon. [pany. Strettell and Coai-D°

Leibenrood.

Crockett.

Befwick.

Simons.

Crockett.

Simons.

Befwick.

Flavill. [Or/.

Aufrere, Fry*, and

By Owen.

By Horrocks.

Hor rocks. [Cust.

Aufrere, Fry, and so'ZJy and Barnard. Crockett.

D*

Pomeroy.

Horrocks*

Martha Pain. Befwick.

Elias Blandby. Nicklefon.

Martha Pain.

Tho. Ccrbett. Nicklefon.

Remainder

%7 Geo. II, I90 DecembrlSi

>74*-Feb. 28 th.

Mar. 10th. 14th.

17th. 18 th.

*747*

31st.

April4th.

6th.

25th. May 2d.

fth.

13th.

19th.

26 th.

30th.

July 7 th.

Vol. 26.

Remainder of a Bill to Alexander Mom, for 160. 13. 6.

Certificate to Captain William Remainder of a Bill to John Barnai for 27. o. 7. - - - -

D° of a D* to John Miliedge, for 18 2.

7. ioJ.

D® of a D® to D°, for 31. 13. 7.

D* of a D" to D°, for 25.

D® of a D* to D*, for 34 12. 7 D" of a D* to Ben Loyd for 55. 4. 4.

D" of a D°, to John Chapman, for 64.

15.6. - -

Bill to Nathan Solley Remainder of a Bill to John Chapman for 118.

D® of a D® to Andrew , for

t8o. 16. -

Bill to Hugh Morrison -

D°toD®....

Remainder of a Bill to D®, for 150 D* of a D° to D*, for 12 j /.

D* of a D* to D*, lor 92. 11. 6.

D® of a D* to D®, for 84. 11.5.

D* of a D® to D®, for 36.

D* of a D® to John M'InteJb, for 85.

15.0. - -

D® of a D° to D*, for 68. 10. o.

D® of a D° to D®, for 55. 1 j. o.

D* of a D° to D", for 35. 12. 5.

Bill to John M'IntoJb -Remainder of a Bill to Charles for 50/. 7. o.

D* of a D®, to Donald Clerk, 54.

D° of a D® to Mr. Francis, for 40.

D* of a D® to John Williams, for 95. -D* of a D* to D", for 90. 11. 3.

D® of a D* to D®, for 80. ' -

D® of a D° to D®, for 5.

D* of a D° to D®, for 30. 16. 11. -'

D® of a D* to D®, for 20. 2. o. - Bill to William Francis -D’toD® - -

Remainder of D° to Mr; Francis, for 145/.

D® of a D® to D°, for 130.

D" of a D® to D®, for 118. 3.

D* of a D° to D®, for 113.

D® of a D® to D®, for 100.

D° of a D® to D», for 86. 10. -D° of a D* to D*, for 43. 10. 8$.

D® of a D*io 0®, for 42. t. 8.

D‘ of a D® to Jo/. Pavey, for 29 2. 1.

D® of 3 D® to Mark Carr, for 60 D* of a D*'to Christopher Hat tell, for 69. 12 6.

D" of a D* to Pat. for

38 8. o. -D° of a D* to Judah Shears, for 23.

9-3....

D° of a D° to Caleb Davis, for 200. D° of a D® to D®, for too.

D° of a D" to John Smith, for 73.

19. 1. - -

D° of a D® to t)*. for 300

Bill to John Smith for -

Remainder ot a Bill to Feath Bailiff,

90/.

D® of a D° to Captain for

999. 7. 6. ..

D* of a D® to Hugh Bryan for 58.

D" of a D® to Caleb Davis, for 90. - J

I07 2 4

54* 2 2

I9 7 1

52 7 1C*

21 2 5

16 13 4

23 > 9*

36 16 3

43 3 8

89 14 3

78 13 4

120* IO 8

86 0 0

82 15

IOO 0 0

*3 6 8

6r 14 4

5* 7 8

37 6 8

57 3 4

45 >3 4

37 3 4

23 *5 0

100 18 7

33 >> 4

36 3 4

26 13 4

63 6 8

60 7 6

53 6 8

36 *3 4

33 >8 0

13 8 0

105 0 0

40 0 0

96 13 4

86 13 4

78 15 4

76 13 4

66 13 4

57 13 4

3" 7 2*

28 1 2

19 8 1

40 0 0

46 t 4

25 12 0

>5 12 JO

>33 6 8

66 13 4

49 6 1

260 o' O

45 0 0

O O. 0

666 $ O

38 i7 4

60 0 0

\July 1747

19 August 1747 -

24 ORober 1747 -to September 1747 >4 July1 741 - -22 Jarua-y 1747-8 2<J January 174-j.

it July 1747 - -

2 July 1747 - -

24 September *747

5 AugUft 1747

14 ORober 1748 -

8 September 1747 10 September 1747

4 7K/y >747 - -14 7^ 1747 - -14 D" - -

12 January 174-J. -30 July t 747 - ->9 August 1747 -

22 September 1747

26 November 1747

9 September 1747

22 September 1747

4 July 1747 21 January 174J.- -

30 January 174^ -

6 April 1748 - -6^7/1748- -

31 August 1747 -

1J March 174J -

3 September 1747

21 August 1747 -

3 September 1747

7 December 1747

27 August 1747 -

2 ORober 1747 -

23 November 1747

5 September 1747

27 February 17 47 >3 7ub 1747 "

22 Janua y 174’- -11 December 1747

3 September 1747

10 September 1748

7 September 1747 15 March 174^- -

28 July 1748 -

2 ORober 1747 76 September 1747

24 November 1748

22 January 174J- -20 May 1748 -

11 June 1748

11 December 1747 10 P


A

881

Bills drswa , from

Crockett, Georgia.

Pomeroy.

Crockett.

Cotnyns.

Mico.

St tttell.

Leib.wood.

H ’illiam Hay.

Thomas Smith.

Barclaby.

Nicldejon.

Crockett.

Sitwell.

Franks.

Levi.

Horrocks.

Crockett.

Strettell.

Herbert Richard.

Crockett.

D".

D".

Crockett.

Thom/on.

Kilby and Barnard.

Crockett.

D\

Crockett.

Fhom/on.

Horrocks.

D®.

Strettell.

Thomfori.

Crockett.

Ihom/an.

Kilby and Barnard:

Killy and Barnard.

Be/wick.

Drake and Long.

Crocktt.

Goddard.

Pomeroy.

Baker.

Leibenrood.

Chancey.

Kilby and Barnard.

Horrocks.

Kilby and Barnard.

Be, wick.

Nickle/on.

Drake and Long.

Pomeroy.

Fhom/on.

[Cust

Au/rere, Frye, and

Godin and Guiort.

Gockett.

Chancey.

Remainder

Bills drawn

from

Georgia.

882

1747-

"July 8th. 15 th,

I 90 Decembris.

31st.

Dec. 2d. 3d-

17th. Jan. 23d.

Feb. 17th. 1748. May 14.

June 22. 3°'

July 11.

August 30.

Dec. 4.

*749-

15.

18.

31-

June 14.

21.

26. July 6.

20.

24.

27.

August 3.

Remainder of a Bill'to IVilHant Finlay,

/or 51. 15. - - - 0 0 — a

Bill to Thomas Jones - - - 5° ?9 1

D° to D° - - - 50 0 0

Remainder of a Bill to D°, for 91. 1.9. 60 ir4 6

D° of a.D® to D?, for 73. 10. 0. 49 0 0

D° of a D° to D% for, 68. 5. 9. ‘ 4i\ *0 6

D* of a_D°.to D°, foi; 39.1 10.3. 2,6 6 10

D*X)fa>D° tO:P% jfor;24?o» 0. 16 0 0

D° of a.D° to, D°, for 20. 10. 0. - 13 13 4 .

D° of a D° to Davis, for 200. - 133 6 8

D° of a D°-to D% for 101. 67 '6 8

D° of a. D° to D% for 49. - 32 *3 4

Bill to and Gordon - 230 10 0

’ Remainder- of a Bill to Thomas Clemens,

for 42. 13 5. - 28 >9 0

Bill to Davis - - - 72 io 0

Remainder of a Bill to Eleanor Robinfony

48/. - - - - , 32 0 0

Bill to Daniel Demetree 0 - , - 7 1QO 0 0

Bill to William Rayner - - -(\ IOJ 0 0

Bill to Patrick Houflon - - 47 9 5

Bill to 7*^ Franks , - - , - 56 12 b

Bill to Livinia Higginbotham 3* 3 0

Bill to Stephen Beaon j - - 47 17 0

Bill 10 Captain Caleb Davis - 5° 0 °,

Bill to Dan. Demetre - - T ipj 0 0

D* 97 18 6

Remainder of 2 Bill to Caleb Davis, for

100l. - - v - 16613 4

D* 7^ Latter* for jqol. , - 66 13 4

Bill to Donald Campbell - 30 O O

/D* - - - - . - 20 O O

Certificate to John.: Machintofh - *33 4 0

D° - - - 70 1 0

D* - - - 3918 5

D° to 7^* Williams - — ., «- 73 6' 8‘

D° - - - . 21 14 10

D° to Hugh Morrison <92 19’

D° ----- - 22 15 I

D° 47 8 '

D° to £*/<?£ Davis - II2l6 3

D° - - - I - - - 3» 17" 3

D° - - - - 43^ n 3

D* 300 0 0

DB 79 2 0

D° 58 17 10

D* - - - ... 26 2 6

D° *5 9 8

D° *9 3 0

D° to Captain Afonfc Gzrr 105 0 0

D° 9S 0 0

D° - 33 a 9

D° 25 »3 9

D* 25 6 7

D° to Bartholomew Lynch 24 19 6

D° - 16 4 1

D° to Lieutenant William Francis 81 4 11

D* ----- - 100 0 0

D° s311 4

D* to 7°^« Latter - 122 ia 11

D* 78 18 4

D° 46 S 8

D# 37 3 0

D° 34 10 0

D° to William Germain - 137 *0 7

D# 54 a 9

D* 32 >5 7

D# *57 5 0

D° - 172 a

D° to 7^» Leach ..... 71 3 8

D° 50 0 0

D* - 42 12 3

D# 38 >4 9

D* ----- - 3 11

12 January 1741 -J 24 tfovtimber 1748 16 January 174^ -

i'4Pr*i 1748 - -

ytAuguJ! 1747 -

27 February ijtf

16 March 174-J- -

ib'jbiv 17,48- -19Deceptber 1747 'Sijuly 174Z - -30 January 1747f -

17 January 174J 4 November 1748

April 1748- -

6 April 1748- -

24 November 1748

28 November 1748 26 November 1748

\% April \y~ -3 December 1748 $ December 1748

November 18, 1748 24 November 1748 i&April 1749 -

1753-

Lees arid D##*. A/1V0.

Strcttefl.

Pomery,.

Stretl4L

Pomeipy.

Nicklefon.

Aldemnan

Horrofks.

Mall by and Son. Thomson.

Maltby and Son. Thomson.

John Samuel.:

Nathanael Price. Crockett.

D9.

Thomson.

spany.

Haywood and Com-Befwick.

Thomson.

D°.

Shubrick.

D°.

G*0rg/ Dunbar.

Crockett.

Crockett

Loyd.

Crockett.

D*.

Thomson.

Loyd.

Thomson.

Thomson.

Germin Wright. Barne des Cart. Flavill.

Thomson.

Crockett.

D°.

Maltby and Son. Thomson.

D°.

D°.

Crockett.

Leibenrood.

Thomson.

Thomson.

Nicklefon.

D°.

Williams.

Thomson.

Thomson.

D\

Nicklefon.

Williams.

Williams.

Thomson.

p°-

Williams.

D°.

7 bomfon.

Germyn Wright. Nicklefon.

Certificate

27 Geo. II.

I90 Decembris.

i?49.

Akguft 7.

12.

iS.

:»3-

2i.

Sept. 4.

9-

>4-

October 13.

Nov. 8.

r?6

17.0.

Certificate to John Joy nit I?* to Captain ‘Thomas Jones D°

L)° to Edward Imber D® to John Barnard -

D’ ' - -

D®

D° to John Milledg

D°

D*

D®

D°

D° to Lieutenant Noble Jones D® - -

D®

D®

D® -

D*

D®

D° -

D’ to Ambrose Mtrrifon -D* to Thomas Bickler D° to Noble Jones for Finlay D® - -

D° to Dan. Demetre D® -

D® to Roderick Haliburton

D" to Captain Richard Kent D® - -

Total - Paid

Remainder

3* ID 6

- 80 17 4

- 28 *3 0 ,

- 29 !8 . \ 0

- 46 2 I 3

- 31 9 8

- 5° 16 0

- 74 9 10

- 3* 16 5

- 21 10 11

- 6 11 10

- 13 12 10

52 8 6

44 16 1

- 34 10 6

- 24 0 0

- 5a 8 0

- 43 3 0

- 22 8 0

- '9 18

- 37 >5 z

- S° 5 0

- is 0 b

- 8 l3 0

- 51 T 3 5

- 46 14 4

" 73 1 0

- 127 18 10

- 55 a 3i

£ 16,297 3

£ 800 0 0

£ >5»497 3 2i

883

Thomson.

Thomson.

1 Niikkfon.

Da.

Nicklefon.

Bat Hard Tim. Nicklefon. ..... Eh

Shubrick. Nicklefon. Thomson. Thomson. Thomson. Nicklefon.

Thomson. Nicklefon.

Thomson.

Crockett.

D°.

Kent.

D°.

Bills drawn

from

Georgia.

I agree that the several Bills and Certificates in the foregoing Lift, amounting to £. 16,297. 3* 2t® included in hiy Account and that the same remain yet unsatisfied and not paid.

Tb<f Marriott.

Memorandum: There has been paid in Part of the above £. 16,297. 3. 2{. the Sum of 800l. so remains 1 unsatisfied the Sum of £. 15,497. 3. M*

January 26th 1753.

Tho' Marriott.

We whose Names are hereunto subscribed, having compared the several Bills and Certificates remaining in our Hands unpaid, do find the said Lift to be true so far as relates to us.

James Crockatt and Company. Rich* Shubrick.

Benf Horrocks.

Pr Symond.

Pomeroys and Streatfield.

John Nicklefon.

Wm. Thomson.

Tho' FlaviU.

Drake and Long.

Jermyn IVright.

Godin and Guion.

Joseph Mico.

Kilby and Barnard

You 26.

APPENDIX,

Bills drafcn

from

Georgia.

884

190 Decembris.

appendix, n*. 2*

A. 1753.

A LIST of the principal Sums remaining due on Bills drawn from America, and Certificates given there for the Pay of Two Troops of Rangers, One Highland Company, Company of Boatmen^ Half-galleys or Schooners, in Georgia, and other Charges thereunto belonging, and for extraordinary military Services, at Midsummer 174^, to sundry Owners and Possessors thereof, with interest thereon, at 5/, per Cent, per Annum, from die Day the respective Bills were presented to the 24th of December 1753.

Principal Sum*.

When presented. Time due. 1 interest thereon.

<3 u > Months. 1 3 «s >N H Q

£ /. /

7 — 20 7 12 8

- 5 5 21 61 13 2

- - - - - 5 1 — S >3 2

5 2 — 3» *5 0

6 5 22 42 2 3

6 8 20 17 IS 6

_ - - 6 6 18 28 I 1

_ - - - - 6 7 !3 26 ‘5 0

6 7 *4 24 7 8

- - - - 6 3 2 H >3 10

- - 6 1 1 t IP 4

6 6 4 97^4 ft

- . m - - 6 9 23 41 1 z

6 4 'J 7 4 4

6 5 22 105 5 3

7 6 28 42 9 0

_ 6 5 20 24 7 8

m _ - 6 6 22 26 »3 t

6 5 10 *7 18 8

m j - - - 6 7 *3 16 1© 0

_ m m m «. . - 6 3 22 10 12 JO

6 6 *5 22 17 2

m m m - m 6 2. 29 43 17 4

7 6 28 26 IO 8

m m _ ’ 6 5 9: 25: 7 5

_ _ - - s 2 10 3 11 4

6 4 18 16 7' 5

- 6 7 ^4 18 6 2

m - - 6 6 18 >7 1 0

_ - - 6 3 i5 11 3 2

6 3 24 23 1 9

m _ _ - - 6 S 22 11 5 0

_ _ _ . 6 > 17 43 3 7

m _ . - 6 3 1S 5° 6 S

_ _ m _ - - 6 5 *3 3° 0 7

m - - 6 6 35 0 2

_ _ . - 6 7 12 42 6 it

_ - 6 7 12 470 2 11

m - 6 4 16 ‘5 18 10

— . - - 6 5 x3 64 10 11

, _ . - 6 7 24 33 5 2

_ m _ — - - 6 5 U 38 14 7

m , m - - 6 6 2 47 M 3

— _ _ 6 7 9 42 19 4

m _ — - 6 4 20 38 6 8

m _ . - - 6 5 20 22 18 11

m - 6 5 20 34 13 4

- 7 5 *4 202 2 9

m _ __ . - 6 4 5 6 2 10

6 2 16 3 (

r m m . - 6 3 14 6 12 9

<* 6 5 10 5 7 5

. m — - s 11 2 6 16 8

5 10 26 10 17 4

m — — - - 6 5 l3 *3 8 8

.. m m . 6 5 22 29 1 5

m m 6 3 — 24 11 6

_ _ m — . 6 4 *9 38 9 4

m m' _ - 5 2 10 22 6 8

- - - - - 6 3 16 3i 9 3

50 0 0 4th December 1746

225 6 8 3d July 1748 -

22 5 4t 24th November 1748

150 0 0 24th October 1748

130 0 0 2d JWy 1747

S3 6 8 4th April 1747

85 13 4 6th Jx/T/e 1747

80 16 1 nth May 1747

73 6 3 30th ^pr// 1747

46 18 8 2 2d September 1747

2 I 8 8 23d November 1747

30° 0 O 20th 1747

120 6 8 26th 1747

22 13 4 1 uhAuguJl 1747

324 18 6 2d July 1747

111 0 0 26 th Afay 1746

75 6 8 4th July 1747

81 6 8 2d 1747

86 13 4 14th ?#/>- 1747

*7 5 4 11th May 1747

33 >5 2 2d September 1747

76 O 0 9th y##* 1747

I4O 8 8 25th September 1747

70 0 0 26th Afay 1746

7* 15 0 15th July 1747

*3 >5 0 14th October 1748

51 6 1 6th 1747

55 I 2 30th /fpr/7 1747

5* I 4 6 th 3W 1747

35 9 7 9th September 1747

88 18 8 30tll 1747

34 14 9 2d >/y 1747

x33 11 4 7th 1747

160 0 0 9th September 1747

92 13 4 ift July 1747

106 13 4 iff 1747

ny »y 4 12th May 1747

1,420 II 5 12th May \-j\-j

5° 0 0 8th August 1747

200 0 0 11 th July 1747

100 0 0 30th April 1747

120 0 0 1 ith July 1747

146 13 4 22d June 1747

130 0 0 15th May 1747

120 0 0 4th August 1747

4© 0 0 4th July 1747

IO7 2 4 4th 1747

542 2 2 10th July 1746

J9 7 I 19 th August 1747

S2 7 ici 24 th October 1747

21 2 5 10th September 1747

16 *3 4 4th 7«/y 1747

23 I 9i 22d 1748

36 16 3 28 th 1748

43 3 8 I ith July 1747

89 14 3 2d July 1747

73 13 4 24th September 1747

120 10 8 jeh /%*/? 1747

86 0 0 14th October 1748

IOO 0 0 8th September 1747

83

a 7 Geo. IL

*3 6 8

6t H 4

56 7 8

37 6 8

57 3 4

45 >3 4

37 3 4

'5 O

loo 18 7

33 I 1 4

3* 3 4

26 *3 4

63 t> 8

60 7 6

53 6 8

36 >3 4

33 18 O

*3 8 0

I05 O O

4O O O

96 l3 4

bo *3 4

Vs ‘5 4

76 13 4

66 13 4

57 *3 4

33 7 2j

28 I 2

*9 8 I

40 0 0

46 8 4

*5 12 0

*5: 2 lo

*33 6 8

66 «3 4

49 6 1

200 O O

45 O O

60 O O

666 5 O

3* 7 4

60 O O

34 10 O

5° »9 I

5° b O

60 >4 6

49 0 0

45 10 6

26 6 10

*3 *3 4

16 O 0

*33 6 i

67 6 8

32 »3 4

230 IO 0

28 9 0

Jz 10 0

32 0 0

loo 0 0

*°5 0 0

47 9 5

S6 12 0

32 3 0

47 *7 0

5° O 0

1°5 O 0

97 18 6

66 >3 4

66 *3 4

3° 0 0

82 *5 9»

20 O O

*33 4 O

76 I O

39 18 5

73 6 8

Vol. 26.

itoth September 1747

4th 1747

i4ih July 1747 4th September 1747 12 th 74*. 1748 joth July 1747 19th August 1747 2 ?d September 1747 26th November 1747 9th September 1747 2:d September 1747 4th >{71747

21 ft Ja*. 1748 ;oth 7dir. 1748 (5 h y^prr/ 1748 6th April 1748 31st August 1747

1 j,th Mar. 748 3d Sep ember 1747

2; fl August 1747

3 d September 1747 7ih September 1747 27th //«£*/? 1747 id October 1747 23d November 1747 jth September 1747 27th 1748 13th 7*/)r 1747

22d Jan. 1748 1 ch December 1747 3d September 1747

1 oth September 1748

7th September 1747 -

15th Afar. 1748 28th Ju.y 1748

2d October 1747 16 September 174.7 -

2 th November 1748 -22d Jtf*. 1748

12th Mxy 1747 1 ith 7^ 1748 -

11 December 1747

12 Jan. 1748 -

24 November 1748 -

16 Jan. 1748 -7 th 1748

31 August 1747

27th beb. 174.S 16th Afar. 1748 I9rh December 1747 1 oth June 1748 31st July 1748 30th Jan. 1748 !/th>». 1748 4th November 1748 -

9th April 1748 17th 1747 6 y#r// 1748 "

24th November 1748 -28 November 17+8 6th D° -

22 Gflober 30th D* -D* -

18th April 1749

3 December 1748 D° '

i8rh November 1748 24th D* -18th April 1749 i2«h November 1747

24 t>° '748 -

1 jeh September 1749 D°

D"

iJD* *

19° Decembris.

-1 S.

6 3 14

6 5 20

6 5 IC

6 3 20

5 11 12

6 4 24

6 4 5

6 3 2

6 — :8

6 3 JS

6 3 2

6 5 20

5 11 3

5 10 24

5 8 18

5 8 18

6 3 24

5 9 9

6 3 21

6 3 4

6 3 21

6 17 —

6 3 28

6 2 22

6 t 1

6 3 *9

5 9 27

6 5 11

5 11 2

6 — >3

6 3 21

5 3 14

6 3 17

5 9 9

5 4 27

6 2 22

6 3 8

5 1 —

5 11 2

6 7 12

5 6 13

6 — ij

5 11 12

5 1 —

5 11 8

5 8 17

6 3 24

5 9 27

-J 9 8

6 S

5 6 14

5 4 24

5 10 24

5 11 7

5 1 20

5 8 l5

6 8 7

5 5 5 8 V 18

1 IO 26

5 — 28

5 2 2

5 1 25

5 I 25

4 8 6

5 — 21

5 — 21

5 1 6

5 1 —

4 8 6

6 1 12

5 8 —

4 3 9

4 — 9

4 — 9

4 3 6

10 Q*

885

26 4 o Bills drawn

19 19 'iom lb 3 4 Georgia.

" ‘5 J »7 o o 14 12 4

II 15 IO

7 6

3° 13 4

lO 11 1

11 6 2

8 12 7

18 15 1

i7 16 1

>5 4 10

10 9 7

10 14 1

3 l7 6

33 2 2

12 13 8

3° 9 8

26 4 0

24 18 3

23 17 5

20 5 7

18 3 4

8 16 9

9 0 11

5 14 10

12 1 5

*4 12 8

6 *5 3

4 18 4

38 10 4

18 0 10

5 7 0

62 14 2

11 8 8

’7 15

220 9 4

10 15 2

18 2 i

10 5 2

12 18 it

*4 16 10

17 7 0

*5 9 5

>3 5 6

7 12 1

4 2 n

4 8 7

35 *9 10

>9 ‘7 1

9 >3 IO

59 4 3

8 2 4

24 4 10

9 2 11

25 8 4

.26 12 6

12 0 11

14 3 7

8 5 1

12 3 2

11 >4 3

26 11 0

24 *4 8

>7 0 0

16 >8 10

7 1 4

25 4 6

5 13 4

28 9 3

16 2 10

8 7 10

15 12 7

at

iflfs drattn

£rorn

Georgia.

t p" Decemhrhi

*75S>

at -14 id 18th September 1749 - -

9* !9 6 10 D° -

47 8 8 b° ——

2 2 >s 1 D’ ... "

I \ 2 16 3 1 October 174.9. - -

3° i7 3 D* - " - -

4 39 11 3 D° - - - - . me "

3 00 0 0 D* - - - - *

79 2 0 ir - " —

17 10 IT - . - * - -

26 2 6 rr ..... ——

25 9 8 I>° - - - " - - '

*9 3 0 D" -

105 0 Q 21 ft Offabtr . -

95 0 O Li’ - . - - ~ - n

33 2 9 D°* - - - - ' . "

25 *3 9 D° ——

23 6 7 D" - - . - - ~ -

24 19 26th October - - . - -

*6 4 > D° ..... - . - - . - -

81 4 11 6th November. 1749 - - ~ - - '

100 0 0 D° ..... - -

11 4 D° - - - - . - . -

122 12 11 20th November . ~ - 7 - -

78 18 4 B° - - . -

46 8 8 D" - - - . - -

.17 3 0 20th November 1749 . -

34 10 0 24 November . - - - . - -

>37 10 7 270° - - -- - -

54 2 9 D° - - . - "

32 *5 7 D° - - - - - . -

*57 5 0 f> - - - - " >* - -

<7 2 2 D* - - - - . - . - - - '

71 3 8 5 Deamber -

50 O O D° -

4* 12 3 D* - - - - m . - -

38 14 9 D* - -

32 3 11 D° - -

3» IO 6 7th December - . - . -

So 7 4 12 December - _ - . - m . -r -

28 '3 0 D° ~ -

29 18 0 18th -

46 2 3 23d -

3* 9 8 D" - - - - _ - . - . -

5° 16 0 D" - - - _ - _ - -

74 9 10 28th . - . - - m

38 JO 5 D" - - - . - . -

2! IO 11 D° - _ *7 w -

13 12 10 D° - -

6 11 10 D" -

j* 8 6 Jo*.4th 17 co - . - -

44 16 I D° - -- . " . -

34 13 O D° ... - . - -

24 0 O D" ..... . - -

52 8 O D’ ....

43 3 O D° - - - * - -

22 8 O p° ... . - - *

9 18 0» - i - ,

37 >5 1 Jap. 9th . - - > - _ -

50 5 0 14th ——

JS O 0 Feb. 13th - - - . - -

8 13 0 D° - . - - m -

5i >3 5 8th Mafch 1750 - - . - -

46 14 4 D? ..... - . ~ - -

73 I 0 26th -

127 18 10 May 31st -

55 O 3i D* - - - - . *

4 ' 3 ! 6 4 12 9

4 % . -4 *9 U1 4

4 9 ► 24 9

4 2 24 4 2

4 2 ► to r fN 4; *3 17 4

4 2 ' 10 *> la 4

4 2 10; 93 0

4 rs > 1$ 18 3

4: 2 Q \ if* 11 9

4 2 IO :6 n

4 2 \o i 7 4

4: 2 , IO: 5 6

4 a IO 4 2 3

4 2 3 t 2i 18 4

4; 2 3 19 1^ 7

4 2 3 to iH 4

4 2 3 5 ? 3

4 2 3 S 5

4 1 i 5 9 4

4 28 3 7 0

4 1 *8 16

4 1 H ' 2Q *3

4 1 i ib n S 2

4 1 4 *5 2 0

4 1 4 16 5 s*

4 1 4 9 IO Q

4 1 . 4 7 12 a

4 1 0 3 0 0

4 — *7: ts 9 3

4 -T- 27 11 0 a

4 — 27 6 J3 6

4 — 27 0 7

4 — V 3 9 7

4 — 21 H 3 9

4 — 21 10 2 *9

4 — 8 ,12 10

4 i 21 7 1? 0

4 1 21 6 10 7

4 — «7 6 8

4 — 12 16 6 4

4 12 5 >1 8

4 , 6 i >9 11

1 9 4 7

4 1 6 5 H

4 — I IO 3 4

3 11 86 14 l7 a

3 1 1 26 7 6 u

O 1 I 2^ ,4 6 4

3' 1 1 26 2 14 7

3 1 I 26 1 6 7

3 U 20 IO 8 2

3 II 20 9 7 7

3 1 1 20 6 17 10

3 II 20 4 IS 3

3 I 1 20 IO 3 0

3 I I 20 8 *7 6

3 I 1 20 4 8 10

3 1 ( 20 1 19 4

3 I I >5 7 9 3

3 11 10 9 18

3 10 11 2 17 10

3 10 11 1 *3 4

3 9 16 9 16 2

3 9 16 8 *7 4

3 8 %6 13 *3 9

3 6 24 24 17 9

3 6 24 10 $ S

c 4.647 12 3

appendix,

e

2y Geo. II.

APPENDIX, rf*j.

May it please your Lordships,

IN Obedience to your Lordships Desire, we have considered the Stare made by One of the Deputy Auditors of the Account of Thomas Marriott, late Agent and Fay-mailer of Two Troops of Rangers, fcfr. with the Lift of Bills and Certificates, (Ac. transmitted to us the 16th of March last by James West Esquire; as also the Report of the 28th May 1748, and the Lords Justices Warrant of the 4th of Augu/l following, referred to by Mr. West \ togerher with your Lordships Commands to give our Opinion whether there is any, and what Foundation for the making any, further Allowance for Extraordinary Fx pence* exceeding the Savings made out of the Eila-blishment, either upon the Claim of the Possessbrs of the said Bills, or any other Article contained in the said Account.

And we do thereupon humbly report to your Lordships, That ih- Articles in the Discharge the above Account for Payments for sundry Services and extraordinary Expences in Georgia to Michaelmas 1743, amounting to 6,061/. 13/. id. should n t be allowed, as a bum of 66,109/ 13J. lod. was voted by Parliament the 2 2d March 174^, pursuant to an Account of extraordinary Services incurred in Georgia for the Preservation and Defence of his Majesty's Dominions on the Continent of America, fron the 2 2d of September 1738 to the 2zd July 1743, when General Oglethorpe failed for England to the respective times those Services were severally made up to, and from thence computed, to Michaelmas 1743; 2nd likewise because his Majesty’s Warrant of the 23d of March 174^ expressly appoints Mr. Marriott to be Agent and Paymaster from the Commencement of their Lfta-blishment, which was from the 30th of September 1743 incluSve.

We beg Leave to make a general Observarion on the Auditor’s State of the Account to your Lordships, That The Monies granted by Parliament, between Michaelmas 1743 and Middjummer 1747, did exceed the Payments in ihofe Years in the Sum of 2,215/. 15 3^. as may more

particularly appear to your Lordships by an Abstract hereunto annexed of the Monty voted and Payments made; and we are further to observe to your Lordships, on the Objection ma le against several of the Articles, by reason the Store-keeper had not sworn to his Account of lflfues: That Mr. Griffith Wiliams hath since sworn to his Account; a Copy of which is hereunto annexed; which appears very full: We have likewise had him before us, who has given a very satisfactory Account; Moreover we cake Leave to make a further Observation to your Lordships on the said State of the Accomptanc’s Account, That we find Three Articles in the Annual Payments between Michaelmas 1744 and Midsummer 1747, amounting to 7,311/. 19s. nd. for the Charge of the Ship Succejs, mounting 29 Pounders, 6 Pounders, Carriage Guns and Swivel Guns; which, from her Burthen and Sifce, is not, w'e apprehend, within the Georgia Establishment, nor does it appear by what Authority a Ship, being neither a Half-galley nor Schooner, was contracted for; but it does appear, that the said Ship Succejs did not fail for Georgia, buc was employed in England, during the Rebellion, till the 13th of May 1746; which, if by Order of the Government, may be asked of Parliament.

We arc now to report to your Lordships on the several Articles of Extraordinaries, which follow the annual Accounts, ending at Midsummer 1747 first of which is for Provisions and Stores delivered to Colonel Heron at that time, which is by him acknowledged, and ought therefore to be allowed in this Account; amounting to 4,062/. 10s. 9d.

The several Payments and contingent Expences made by Order of General Oglethorpe, alleged to be pursuant to his Majesty’s Pleasure, signified by the Duke of Newcastle, for Ranger Recruits raised in England\ and lent to the North to serve in the late Rebellion, amounting to i,886/. 5/. Vot.. 26.

8S7

ought not to be a Part of this Account; but, if what is Bills drawn alleged be admitted by your Lordships, the same may be . asked of Parliament. iCOr

We are likewise humbly of Opinion, that the next Article of 1,276/. 12*. 3ld. for Charges of bringing up Mings, (Ac. ought not to be a Part of this Account; but, if admitted by your Lordships, may be deemed a Service to be asked of Parliament.

The following Article of 1,815/. I2S- &ems not ro have been within the Scope of Mr. Marriott* Agency, as we know of no Design of adding a Second Battalion to Lieutenant General Oglethorpe's lare Regiment, nor does any Warrant or Authority appear for this Article.

The Article cf 371/. 7s. 4d. to Jacob Franks of New Toth, &q. being for a Service before Michaelmas 1743, we apprehend ought not to be allowed in this Account.

The Claim of 175/. 15*. 6\rd. for Provisions and Cloathing to the Orphans fentto Georgia, ought to be dtf-allowed, his Majesty, having granted a Warrant, dated the 23d of May 1746, for 301/. 12J. which, with former Payments made to Mr. Verelft, was in full Ittisfaction of all Demandson accountofmaintaining,providingwith Ne-ccfiaries, and putting out Apprentices, the said Orphans

The Four following Articles of 600l. 163/. jj. 985/. and 355/. we have no Objection to their being allowed.

The Claim the AccomptantMr. Marriott makes of an Allowance of 30s. a Day, as Agent and Paymaster to these provincial Troops for the Time therein mentioned, amounting to 1,236/. we think reisonable, no other Allowance appearing to us to have been made to him as Agent, and 301. a Day being the ufnal Allowance of a Deputy Paymaster; buc then the following Claims of 141/. 11 s. 6d. and another of 150/. for personal Expences, ought not to be allowed the Accomptant.

The Allowance of 5/. per Cent, amounting to t,o&8/» os. yd. claimed by Griffith Williams, Score-keeper,over and above his Salary, for his Pains and Trouble in purchasing and delivering Stores, (Ac. we think is too large an Allowance; but humbly submit the Quantum to yodr Lordships.

The Two Charges of 79/. js. and 200l. for Fees fbt passing the Account arc, wc suppose, usual.

We have carefully examined and enquired into the State of the Bills, find no Fraud nor Suspicion of Fraud, but that the Credit was given by Merchants as u/ual for Bills drawn; we are therefore most humbly of Opinion* that the Bills, amounting to 151497/. 31. t^d. ought to be paid to the Bill holders; and though it be true, as reported to your Lordships by us the 28th of May 1748* that the Expence should by no means exceed the Establishment, we cannot find any Person to blame, except Mr. Marriott\ forasmuch as he disbursed the Sums, ob-ftrved upon in this Report, in Payments which we conceive he ought not to have made, amounting to no left than 18,869/. 5s. id. so that, had the Payments been confined to Services within the Establishment, there would have been no Deficiency; but, on the contrary, a Surplus in the Hands of this Accomptant.

Which is humbly submicted to your Lordships.

W. Pitt,

H. Fox.

Pay Office, Horse Guards,

7th September 175J.

APPENDIX, N°. 4.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS We hatfe thought fit to sign an Establishment, bearing Date the 20th Day of September 1744* for Two Troops of Rangers, One Highland Company, Boatmen and Officers, and Men for Half-galleys or Schooners serving in Our Province of Georgia; and We, reposing great Trust and Confidence in your Ince* gricy and Capacity* arc therefore pleaicd hcTeby to ftomi* *0 Date,

I90 Decemh.

Entered m tta Office of Wm, Ben/on Esquire, Entered \n dvc Eooks of \w, Ninety's Entered \n dve Office of Wiliam Ai/laiie Etquvre, Au-Auditor, the rft of April 174.5* Treasury, iod\ April 1745, d\tor,t\ve vftDay of April iq^e,

Edward Baugh am, Deputy Auditor. P 74.-rhomaj, Deputy Andrtor.

19® Decetnbris, 175 *

Date, constitute, and appofnt, you to be Agent and Paymaster to Our said Troops of Rangers,. Highland Company, Boatmen and Officers, and Men, for Half-galleys or Schooners, for and during Our royal Will and Pkafure.* You aFe therefore diligently and carefully to discharge your Duty as such, by caking Care of the Affairs, and keeping the Accounts of the said Troops of Rangers, Highland Company, Boatmen and Officers, and Men, for Half-galleys or Schooners, from the Commencement of their Establishment; and the Paymaster General of Our Guards, Gamfons, and Forces, abroad, or any other Paymaftcror Paymasters for the Time being, are hereby authorized and directed to pay unto you all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, from time to time, be issued for the Payment of Our said Troops of Rangers, Highland Company, Boatmen and Officers, and Men, for Half-galleys or Schooners, or either of them, according to the Establishmenfi in that Behalf, upon your producing unto the said Paymaster General a Certificate from the Remembrancer of our Exchequer of your having given a sufficient Security for your due and faithful Performance of the Trust hereby reposed in you 1 and you are to pay, or cause to be paid, all such Sum or Sums of Monies as shall come into your Hands for and upon account of Our said Troops of Rangers, Highland Company, Boatmen and Officers, and Men, for Half-galleys or Schooners, from time to time, in such manner as Our other Forces now are, and shall be, paid; and to do all such Matters and Things relating to Our said Troops of Rangers, Highland Company,

Boatmen and Officers, and Men, for Half-galleys or Schooners, as toOur Service shall appertain: This Our Warrant being first entered with the Auditors of Our Imprefts, to the end you may duly account for all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall come to your Hands upoo Account and for the Use of Our said Troops of Rangers, Highland Company, Boatmen and Officers, and Men, for Half-galleys or Schooners; and for so doing this shall be, as well to you as to the Auditors of Our Imprefts, Pay-master General, and all others whom it may or shall concern, a sufficient Warrant, Authority, and Discharge. Given at Our Court at St. James's, this 23d Day of March, 1744 io the Eighteenth Year of Our Reign.

To Our trusty and well-beloved Thomas Marriott, Gent,

By his Majesty's Command, Will* Yonge. Inrolled in the Office of his Majesty’s Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer; to wit, among the Remembrances of that Court of Easter Term, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second.

fearje.

c We hare been made acquainted with iH$ *1 §S 2 aforegoing Warrant, and the Paymaster Gener4 2 15 % of his Majesty’s F orccs, the Auditors of the low ^5 < prefts, and all others concerned, are to take? <* o Notice thereof, fb that his Majesty’s Plcafuss C c therein signified be duly ande&ftualty combed

*3 j5 Q. with »in consequence whereof the said Auditors vST a? and other his Majesty’s Officers concerned ar$ g *3 to give allowance to the said Paymaster Gene-. c TSLh from rime to dme, on hk Accounts of'ad oj such Sums as shall appear to have been paid to § X.2 t^lc laid Thomas Marriott* not exceeding the «° Amount of the proper Establishments taking Care that all such Sums as shall be so paid to the said Thomas Marriott, pursuanc ro the Dire^ion* v of the said Warrant, be set injupex on him it*

the Exchequer, so that he may be brought

O - render due and regular Accounts of his Receipt*

£ £ and Payments lor the Service, according to th*

c Course of the Exchequer. Whitehall) Treasury

'*00 Chambers* the 18ch Day of slptil 174$.

§ He Pe!h*mx

U4

, H. Ftx,

R. Amtdeli

Entered in the Office of

/lijtabie Esquire, Auditor, . the ad Day of April 17 4 j,

Ja. Thomt,

Deputy Auditor,

Mr. Marriott, Agent for Georgia, to account in the Exchequer for the Monies to be received by him.

APPENDIX, N4j.

GEORGE R.

OUR Will and Pleasure is. That this Establishment of Our Troops of Rangers, Highland Company, Boat, men and Officers, and Men, for Half-galleys or Schooners, in Georgia, with other Charges hereunto belonging, here, in mentioned, do commence and take place from the 30th of September 1743 incltilivej and thac no new Charge be added hereunto, without being first communicated to Us» Our High Treasurer, or Commissioners of Our Treasury, for the Time being. Given at Our Court at Kerfipgtfs., this 30th Day of September 1744, in the Eighteentu leaf of Our Reign,

By his Majesty’s Command,

Pelbo

Middlesex,

ll Fax,

Two

i-j Geo. II.

190 Decembris.

8$9

Two Troops of Rangers. Per Diem. Per Annum.

Two Troops of Captain C s d. O7O £ s. d. 127 15 0

Rangers, Two Lieutenants ----- 080 146 0 0

Cornet ----- 030 54 >5 0

Confiding of 6o Four Quartermasters, each 2t. - 080 146 0 0

private Men in Two French Horns, each at. - 040 73 0 0

each. 60 Private Men, each 401. per Month 1,560 0 0

In all 140 Men, Officers included. One Troop more of the same Number and Rates as the above-mentioned Troop - - - M 0 2.107 10 0 2.107 10 0

Total of Two Troooos & 4,215 0 0

One Highland Company. Per Diem. ' Per Annum.

£ s. d. £. s. d.

Bills drawn from Georgia-

One Highland Company,

Confiding of 115 Men, Officers included.

Captain

Two Lieutenants, each ^s. \ -Ensign -

Surgeon - -

Four Serjeants, each i s. 6-Four Corporals, each i s.

Two Drummers, each I s. too Private Men, each 8-Provisions for too private Men, while on Water Service, at 6d. a Day each Man, computed for Half the Year....

Total for this Company

Boatmen,

Confiding of 108 Men, Officers included.

Boatmen.

Captain

Captain Lieutenant -

Lieutenant -

Two Serjeants, it. 6d. -Two Corporals, each i s.-Drum or French Horn -

too Private Men, at jot. a Month each Provisions for the i oo private Men, at 6 aDay each

Total for Boatmen

Half-galleys or Schooners.

1

One hundred and Eighty Officers and Men for Half-galleys or Schooners, computed at the Rtfte of Four Pound perMonth each Man, for Wages, Yt&uaUing, W ear, Tear. Ordnance, warlike Stores, -&c.

GEORGE R.

Abdraft of the Charge of the foregoing Establishmenti

Two Troops of Rangers Highland Company Boatmen

Half-Alleys or Schooners

E’er Annum.

- . - - £.4,215 0 6

- - - - 2,366 8 4

- - - - 3,227 to 0

( - - - 9,360 0 0

Total - £.19,168 18 4

By his Majesty’s Command, H. Pelham.

H.Fox.

Vol. a4.

to R

Ordered

Debtors*

Petition.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Peterborough Road.

Privilege.

Ratcliffs

Highway

89O

190 — 200 Decertibris.

A- 1753

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners, whole Names are thereunto fishscribed, confined for Debt in his Majesty's Prison of the Palace ( Marshalsea) Court, in behalf of themselves, and all other Debtors within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented Co the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the (did Petition do Jie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ^pfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 200 die Decembris;

Anno if Georgii II'" Regis, 1753. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Bonnet, and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from, the City of Peterborough) through Oundle and Thrapston) to Wellingborough) in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment.

And. then the Messengers withdrew.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in breach of the Privilege of this House, Thomas Rives Esquire, of Ranjon, near Blandford, \n the County of Dorset) had lately seized and detained Three Horses, the Property of Sir William Coddrington Baronet, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon to the House.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Saint John Wapping, and Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middljex, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if Provision was made for opening a new Road from Ratcliffe Highway into the Road leading into the County of Essex% the same would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and the Publick; And therefore praying.

That Provision may be made for opening such Road as aforesaid,upon a proper Compensation being made to the Owners of Grounds laid into the same j and also for completing such Road, and keeping the same in effectual Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee! And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke. Mr. Bacon, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Townshend\ Mr. Gore, Mr. Colleton)

Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Flercber, Lord Dupplin) Mr. Henley, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ord, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lyjler%

Sir William Calvert, Mr. Caley, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Stewart)

Mr. Thomhagb) Mr. FelloweS) Mr. Robinjony Mr. Anjon > and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middle sex, Essex, Sussex, Hertford, Kent, and Surry, the City of London, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker* Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Pjpers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir John Cujl Baronet, Lord of the Manor Normanto* of Normanton, in the County of Lincoln, George Rtaye *nclofttrc* Clerk, ReAor of the Parish Church of Normanton aforesaid, Christopher Nevile Esquire, for himself, and on the Behalf of Christopher Nevile his only Son, an Infant,

Thomas Hurst Clerk, and William Gcodbarn Yeoman, was prefenced to the House, and read; reciting Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the; 14th q{ August \~j^ between the said Sir John CuJlro( the First Part, the said George Raye, of the Second Part, the Right Honourable George William Earl of Bristol, Patron o: the Advowson of tile Rectory and Parish Church of Normanton aforesaid, of the Third Part, the said Christopher Nevile, for himself, and on the Behalf of Christopher Nevik) his only

Son, an Infant, and the said Thorhas Hurst and William Goodbarn, of the Fourth Part; whereby it was agreed and declared, That the Parties to the said Articles would, in the then next Session of Parliament, or as soon as the same could conveniently be done, apply for, and endeavour to obtain, an Act,enadine and directing, that the several open and common Fields 4>tArable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, and also a Common or Heath, lying respectively within the said Man6r and Parish of Normanton) should, within a reasonaWe Time, in and by the said Act to be limited, be divided, set out, and allotted,* by Commissioners nominated and agreed upon by the Parties to the said Articles in that behalf, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, respectively, in the Manner, and with and under and subject to, the Rules, Orders, Provisions, and Directions, therein after-mentioned and agreed upon; but alleging, That although such Inclosure, Division, and Allotment, as aforesaid, would be a manifest Advantage to the several Parties interested in the Premises, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates and Properties, yet the same cannot be rendered effectual to answer the Intention of the Parties, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the afetre-mentioned Agreemerit into Execution, and rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, in such manner as to the Hbufe shall feeir) just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomhagb and Mr. Hay da prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charltonf according 10 Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House $ which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

1 j Resolved)

27 GEO.II. 2 0° Decembris.

Rcfohcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty’s Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mints, and thereby to encourage the Bringing in of Gold and Silver to be coined, aRevenue not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum be made up, Icukd, and secured, for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1 7 *.3, and until the End of the First Session of Parliament then next ensuing.

The said Rdilution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Deptford Door’s Rate?, See.

Mr. Watfcn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Surveyors of the Highways, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul, Deptford\ in the Counties of Kent and Surry, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; andisasfolloweth; viz In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the 43d Year of Queen Elizabeth, for Relief of the Poor, was read.

Mr. Henry Leven, and Mr. Thomas Murray, being severally examined, said, That the saidParishes are very large and populous: That the Streets are in a very bad Condition, and are very dirty: That there axe several Inmates in the said Parishes, who do not perform Statute-work; and that the Forfeitures for Non performance of the Statute-work do not amount to above 45 /. per Annum:

That if Provision was made for repairing the Roads, and cleansing the Streets, by Assessments, to be collecded with the Poor’s Rates, and also for the better Government of the Poor, the same would greatly tend to the Eafc and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint PaulDeptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry; and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes: And that Mr. Watson, Mr. Colleton, and Mr. Budgen, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Dr.WiHbn to Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Chrtfiopher Wilson>

preach on Prebendary of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter. 30th Jan. Westminster, be desired to preach before this House at

Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Wednesday the 30th Day of January next: And that the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Comptroller, and Six Thomas Robinson, do acquaint him therewith.

St. Luke’s An ingrossed Bill for the better enlightening and clean-Parish sing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys,

Streets. Passages, and Court , within the Parish of St. Luke, in

che County of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lancs, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of St. Luke, in the County of AiidJlefexy and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sqtire's A Petition of Thomas Squire, together with a Petition

Debt to the of Robert Lucas and Robert Stevenson, was presented to the Crown. House, and read; setting forth.

That the Petitioners, together with one William Bennet, since deceased, became Sureties for Philip Chapman Esquire, late Receiver General of the Land Tax, for the County of Huntingdon, unto his Majesty, in the Sum of 18,000l. for the said Chapman's duly accounting for the Land Tax for the Year 1746; and -V«l, 26.

that, in ORober 1747, the said Chapman failed in his Credit, and Extents were issued against him; and by Means of the Endeavours used, and the Discoveries made by the Petitioners, several Sums of Money have been recovered, and paid into the Exchequer, towards reducing the said Chapman's Debt; and there is now in the Hands of Mr. Hardley, the Receiver of the Debts of the said Chapman, above 538 /. which will soon be paid into the Exchequer; but there will then (till remain due to his Majesty the Sum of

3,042/. 13J. 4\d. as appears by the Certificate of the proper Officers, to the First of the said Petitions annexed; and that all the Effects of the Petitioners will nor be nearsufficient to make good the same; and that in case all their Effects should be seized, and disposed of towards making Satisfaction for the said Debt, they would thereby be deprived of all Means of Subsistence for themselves and Families: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to give Leave,

That a Bill may be brought in for enabling the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to make such Compofuion or Agreement with che Petitioners, concerning the said Debt remaining due from the said Philip Chapman, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable, or to give such Relief to th#

Petitioners as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sif Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Royal Assent his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty to was pieased to give the Royal Assent to thf several public and private Bills following 5 viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

An Act to repeal an Act, of the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to permit Persons professing the Jewish Religion to be naturalized by Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the better securing to Constables, and others, the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol; and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, other wise Cortlingstock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in che County of Leicester; and for making the said Act ‘more effectual.

An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hotkliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton.

An Act to enable John Granger Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Leman1 and to bear the Arms of Sir William Leman deceased.

An

892 20° Decembris-

An Act for naturalising John Bazin, Lewis Ogkr, Peter Guinard, and others.

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Von Gebren.

An Act for naturalizing,

rivate Bills< Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petition* for private Bills be enlarged, from the 11th Day of January next till Monday the 21st Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, the 14th Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

-140 Janu arii 1754.

Lurue, 14* die J;

Anno 47® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

MR. West pfcfehted to the Hpufe, pursuant to their Surplus* Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses stated the 5th April 1753: And also,

Surplusses stated the 10th of October 1753.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followed^ vit.

ABSTRACT

Ji B S T H A C T of the fa Id Svunumi, ftwd the 5th April <733,

D

eg'

n'

CL

CT

t

o

O)

The Exchequer ter the Sinking Fund- - Dr.

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1753; was. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account Folio 1.

Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2. Surplus of the General Fund, brought fiom Account, Folio 3.

To Surplus Monies brought to Account pursuant to the Act passed the 25® Georgii 2*1, for consolidating the Funds, vise.

Surplus arisen on the 5th January 1753 of the additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 17 ji -The like at the same time of the additional Duties on low1 Wines and strong Waters, granted per Acts 16®, 17° and 240 Georgii 241 - - - 51*107 9

The like at the same time of the additional Duties on Wines imported, granted per Act 18* Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - *9,613 *7

Surplus arisen on the 5th Day of April 1753-of the Duty of 6 A. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per A ft 69 Georgii iml, for the Service of the Year 1720 - 9,919 lS

The like at the same time of the Duties upon Glass, and upon spirituous Liquors, granted per A ft 19° Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1746 - - - 3*,807 10

The like at the same time of the Rates and Duties upon Houses,

Windows, and Lights, granted per«Ail 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1747 - 3&730 6

The like at the same time of the Duties on Coaches, granted 'per Act 20° Georgii 241, for the Service of the said Year - 9,960 19

The like at the same time of the Subsidy on Goods and Mer-

chandise imported, granted per Ait 21* Georgii 2*', for the Service of the Year. 1748 - - - -184,093 8

£ /. d.

340.507 18 6

88.367 s

25 3,686 19 i*

Berne forward

i,«43»699

Per Contra

- O.

the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act 9® Georgii 2dl, Page 492, in that Behalf By the Ulherof the Exchequer, for Necessaries lumished the Office, for paying the said Annuities By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th Day of January 175 3, being after the Rate of 31, per Cent* per Annum, on the principal Sum of £*2.905, remaining unfubferibed to the Joint Stock of Annuities at the Bank of E>g-lana, Residue of £. 300,000, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards ibe Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act 11° Georgii 241, Page 642, in that Behalf -By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 3th Day of January 1753, being after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 60,139/. 12 s. 2 d. remaining unfubferibed to the Joint Stock of Annuities at the Bank of England, Residue of 800,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 15° Georgii 2dI, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf -By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said unfubferibed Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf -By D° for Charges of Management of 3,072,472 /. os. 10d. in Annuities Anno 1749, for Two Years and an Half, from Lady-Day 1749, when the said Allowance commenced, to Michaelmas 1751, when 103,975 /. 12 /. 2 d. of the said Annuities was paid off, on the yearly Sum of 1,728/. 5 /. 3 d. pursuant to the Act 22° £. s. d.

Georgii a*11. Page 525 - - - - 4,320 13 if

By D9 on 1,669/. 15/* 6d. per Annum for Charges of Management of 2,968,496/. 8/. 8 d. in Annuities, to which the said principal Sum of 3,072,472/. os. tod. is reduced, by paying off i lo3»975^ 12 * 2 at Michaelmat 1751, as aforesaid, for One Year, from Michaelmas 1751 to the 10th Day of October 1752 - - - - 1,669 15 6

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of April 175 3, being after the Rate of 3 /. 10 r. per Cent, per Annum,* on the principal Sum of 131,371/. 17/. 10 d. remaining unfubferibed to the Joint Stock of Annuities at the Bank of England of 2,968,496/. 8 s. 8d. Residue of 3,072,472 /. os. lod. in Annuities Anno 1749, chargeable on this Fund, pursuant to the Act 22° Georgii 2di, Page 515 By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said unfubferibed Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 525, in that Behalf -By D° on the Allowance of 562 /. 10/. per Annum for Charges of Management of One Million, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act 23* Georgii act, Page 330, in that Behalf, for Two Years and One Quarter, from the 25 th Day of March ij 50, to the 24th of June 1752 -

By Half a Year's Annuity due the 5th of January\yC3, being after the Rate of 3 I. per Cent, per Annumon the principal Sum of 54,672 /. 9 r. 6 d. remaining unfubferibed to the Joint Stock of Annuities at the Bank of England, Residue of One Million afore-mentioned, granted for the Service of the Year .1750, pursuant to the said Act, Page 325 ——

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Charges of Management of the said unfubferibed Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 330, in that Behalf-Sy the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 5th Duy of Japuasy 1753, being after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 8,637,193/. a j, 1 \d. lubftribed to the Joint Stock of Transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act pasted 25° Georgii 241, Page 587, for consolidating the Funds -By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on 4,189/. 12/. 5 d. per Annum, for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same lime, pursuant to the said Act, Page , 591,. in that Behalf -

__________ -a

£ ' s.Q

o.

*1 J O

#a ooj hH'

43 n 6

902 1 lof-l6 18 3

4*

O

S.99ar 8 7f

r

2,2’99 o

4

36 18 11j 1,265 12 6 820 i 9 -

15 7 6

,29*$57 17 2,094 16* *j-

OQ'

wa

Re Exchequer to the Shikiag Fund'

Dr.


Brought from Folio 4

£. u d. 1^043,629, & oI

D

cq‘

N

CD

CL

cr

to

H

o

►a

qcp

Per Contm.

-- Cr.

By the Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Interest,due the jth Day of April 4 753, being after the Rate of 3 /. 10 j. yrr Cm/. Annum,ot> the principal Sum of 1.7,014,007/. qj. 9d, subscribt d to the Joint Stock of Transferable Annuities there, puriuanc 10 the said Act, Page 387 -By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on 9,501 /. 1 zj. 2d. per Annum, for Haifa Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities* for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 6co, in that Behalf. - -

By D?. U Reward for their Service, in taking in Subscriptions, and receiving the Consent of the Proprietors, to*-tvards reducing the Interest of the Redeemable Annuities, at 4J. per Cent, per Ahnum, to the several Rates of ' Jnttteii mentioned in an Act passed the zy Georgii 2^, Page 435, in that Behalf; as »lfo to defray the (her-dent Charges attending the Transaction at the Bank -

By the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, 8sc. for the like Services -By-Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the £jh Day of January 1753, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent.per Annum, on the principal Sum of at, 100,00a/. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty- for the Service of the Year 1.751, pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii jd|. Page 39, in that Behalf B[y the Governor and Com Dan y of Merchants trading to the South Seeu, &c. for One Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf, -By Caflt tak cn to answer Interest, at 3 Lper Cent, per Annum, to the 4th of November 175 a, on 1,190,041/. i6j.

1 d in Exchequer Bills, made forth and charged upon this Fund -By D*for the like to the 4th of February 1753, on 1,400,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made forth and charged upon this Fund -

By the Uiher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries delivered to the Exchequer Bill Office ►wards Discharging the said Sum of 1,400,000l. in Exchequer Bill«,au

authorized to be made forth.

By Catti taken towards

pursuant to the Act 25° Georgii 261, in that Behalf By Caflt taken in full of 500,000l. for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 175*, pursuant to the said Act, Page 560, in that Behalf -

This being the One-and-$ixtieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the A# 9® Georgii 1" 367, is humbly presented, this 14th Day of January 1754. by me,

7.

£ Si d

297>74S 2 7

>7S° l6

2,000 0 0

2*500 0 0

31,50° 0 0

5 0

1*063 7 6

9-773- - 6 7

4 8

492,352 9 8*

57-476 10 o{

«-c43 699 6 °i

Page

f4° Jahuarik A. 1754;﻿VOL. 26*

ABSTRACT of the said Su&PLcms, Rated the 16th of O&ther 175-3,

vj

o

W

o

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund ..... Dr.

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year,ended the lothDay of OSaberij^,ntix.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio i.

Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, biought from Account, Folio 2.

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3- - -

To Monies brought to Account the 10th Day of October 175 3/pursuant to the Act passed the 250 Georgii 2dl, for consolidating the Funds; vix.

£ u

Surplus arisen of the additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii act. for the Service of the Year 1731 The like of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted pgr Acts 160, 170, and 24°, Georgii all*

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 18* Georgiiadi, for the feiviceof the Year 1745 The Duty of 6*/. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6°

Georgii iml, for the Service of the Year 1720 The Duties upon Glass and spirituous Liquors, granted /<r Act 190 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746 -

Surplus of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 20° Georgii a41, for the Service of the Year 1747 The Duties on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 241, for the Service of the said Year ....

The Subsidy onGoodsand Merchandize imported, granted per Act ai° Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1748

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1753 for the Purposes following, per Act 26° Georgii 2d‘, Page 377.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to £. /.

make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas 1751- - - - - 7,916 19 11

To replace to this Fund the like Sura paid out of the fame* to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors at Lady-day 1752 - - - 749 3 3

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 12/. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar 00 the loth of O&oberzj^z 9,846 3* 31

£ ' '

491,118 5 5

75*723 5 '°

«92’193,3 1

*4.871 2 6|

i84>*74 3 I

4* 0 19 7

4>!3l 8 8J

32*4Q7 *3 8

60,346 8 6J

43*373 16 4

156,490 18 3

8S9*°35 4 4

553,33510

8*

18,512 6 6

1,430^88416

Per Centra - - Cr.

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of July 1753, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of 6,3 /. remaining unfubferibed to the Joint Stock ol Annuities at the Bank of England, Residue

of 600,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of tue Year 1736, pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii z41. Page 492, in that Behalf -

By the Usher of the Exchequer fur Keceflaries furnilhedYhe Office, for paying the said Annuities -By Half a Year's Annuity, due the said 5th of July 1753, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 1,705/. remaining unfubfcished to the Joint Stock of Annuities at the Bank of England, Residue of 300,000/, lent on Credit of this Furd, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act I iQ Georgii 1*1, Page 642, in that Behalf -

By Half a Year's Annuity, due the said 5 th Day of July 1753, being after the Rate of 3 /. per Cent.per. Annum, on the principal Sum of 19,263/. 10/. 2d. remaining unfubferibed to the Joint Stock of Annuities at the Bank of England, Residue of 800,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 150 Georgii 2dl, Page 600 -and 601, in that Behalf -By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said unfubferibed Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, imthat Behalf -By Half a Year's Annuity, due the 5th of July 1753, being after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 15,215/. remaining unfubferibed to the Joint Stock of Annuities at the Bank of England, Residue of One Million, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the Year 1750, pursuant to the Act 23* Georgii 2di Page 325, in that Behalf -By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said unfubferibed Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 330, in that Behalf -By the chief CaQiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest due the 5th Day of July 1753, being after the Rate of 3./. per Cent. per Annum, on the principal Sum of 9,026,731 /.

1 is. od. subscribed to the Joint Stock of Transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act passed the 25° Georgii 2di, Page 587, for consolidating the Funds ——

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on 4,395/. 5d. per Annum, for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 591, in that Behalf -

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Companyof the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Interest.due the 10th Day of October 1753.. being after the Rate of 3). 10s.per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 17*701,323/ i6j. 4d.> subscribed to the Joint Stock of Transerrable Annuities there, pursuant to the said Act, Page 587 By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on 9,8841. os. \d per Annum, for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 6co,

in that Behalf -..... ....

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of July 1753, being after the Rate of 3L per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 2,100,000l. lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24* Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf -

By the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, See. foe Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the some time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf -

ByCafh taken to answer Interest at 3/. per Cent. per Annum, to the 4th of August1753, on 1,400,00a/, in Exchequer Bills, made forth and charged upon this Fund -

By the Usher of Exchequer for Necessarits delivered to the Exchequer Bill Office -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 12* per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, on the »oth Day of October 1753 (Old Michaelmas Day) to answer 3 /. per Cent, per Annum Interest, on 499,600l. Residue of coo,oooo/. charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 10* Georgii 2dl; which "Sum is to> be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament* as per Clause in the said Act, Page 351, in that Behalf -

By Ca(b taken for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1753, pursuant to the Act 26° Georgii 2*1, Page 372* in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken in further Part of the Sum of 1,400,000i. for cancelling Exchequer Bills authorised to be made

d.

95

63

25 tx

288 19 o| 5 8 4

228 4 6 4 5

135,400 19 5!'

*,*97

18 *1


3.

309-773 3 4

4 >94* °i

31,500

o o

590 i* 6

14,594 o 50 15

Si

forth, pursuant to the Act Jt* Georgii *4', Page 37a. in that Behalf This being the Two and Sixtieth Half-yea.ly Account, made up pursuant to the Ail 9* Georgii 1" Page 307, is huinbfy presented thw 14th Day of "Jannary 1754, by me.

t

6.79a is 9} 420,000 O O 543*S *7

1,430.884 1 6g

00

so

Cn

i 4° — i 50 Januarii. 17541

Ordered^That the said Surpluses do lie bpon thcTable, to be perui'cd by the Members of the House.

fciercebridge, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by &c. Road. an passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road frotn Pierce-, bridge to Kerkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and

From thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudboe Labe End, in the said County; and for making the same more effectual; was read a Second time. f Refohed, Jhat the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Tracey, Lord Dupplin, Sir Edvcard Dering, Mr. Bayntun, x Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Caley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyster, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Gray, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Phillijps, Mr. Richards, Lord Batman, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Levejon Gower, Colonel Con/-waLis, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Charles Town fend, Sir William Beauchamp Preflor, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Finch, Colonel Etlifon, Mr. Nejbit, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Farrington, Sir John Peachey, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Downe, Mr. Legge, Mr. Compton, Lord Hobart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and Fork; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Comfnmtee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Privilege. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of

Privileges and Elections, That the Matter of the Complaint trade to this House upon the 21st Day of NMember last (that, in breach of the Privilege of this House, Francis Carlill, Thomas Carlill the elder, Thomas Carlill the younger, John Carlill the elder, John Carlill the younger, William Carlill, John Raley, and William Kidd, ' of Elloughton, in the County of York, Yeomen, did, upon the 23d, 24th, and 25th Days of May last, in a

riotous and forcible Manner, enter upon the Lands of Luke Robinson Esquire, a Member of this House, in the Parish of Elloughton aforesaid,* and break down the Banks and Inclosures theredf, and put their Cattle upon the said Lands) which was appointed to be heard before the said Committee this Day, be heard before the said Committee upon this Day Sevennighr, the 21st Day of this instant January.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eledling of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Thomas Bootle Knight, deceased.

And then the House adjohrned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 150 die 'Januarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754. Prayers.

THE House being informed, ThatMf. Ltheup,fxom the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1753 hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of January 1754, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

AN

Midbnft

Writ.

Bifpofiuoa of Gianu.

Vol. «6. »P T Sundry

Am ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Yeas 1753 hath been di(poled of» distinguished under the several'Heads, until the 15th Day of 17541

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon.

B R V I C E $.

5

5r.


For the Viduals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 10,000 Men, for 13 Months, from 1 fk January

,7.3 -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and Half-Pay to Sea Officers -

Towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Grtenvuch -

but there being a Saving on that Head, of the Sum of £.2,426. 12/. 6d. by Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Mailer-General, and Chief Rngineer, that

of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament

Tor defraying the Charges of *8,857 Men, for his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, strjiy, and Gufrnfiy+ for the Year 1753 ——

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar asri for Provisions for the Garrlfons in Gibraltar, Nova Scotia, Ntutfsandland^ and Providence, for the Year 1753 - -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1752, not provided for m by Parliament -

£ ( Upon Account for the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines - -

£ ] For Allowances to Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the faperanimated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards For Pensions to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines ....

Upon Account far Out Pensioners of Chol/ta Hospital -

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Fie dor of Bstvaria, pursuant to Treaty - - f

The like with the Elector of Saxony, King of Poland

f Upon Account for the Charges incurred by supportisg and maintaining the Settlement of Nrva Scotia, in the Year 175a, not provided f 5 < for by Parliament

«o ( Upon Account for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of Nova Scotia, in the Year 1753 - -

' To make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Mak, ire. 175*, «t Lady-day 1753

| To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1751, at Micbatlmas 1753 To replace to the Sink- C For the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Gbriftmat 1751 J ing Fund the like Sums^ For the Deficiency of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, at Lady~dcg 175a P C Pa^ thereout (, Thc like of the Duty of 12;. for Barrel on Sweets, at Micbatlmas 175a- - -

Sums granted.

£ *- d.

494,000 0 0

280,2c6 13 1 1 1

10,000 0 0

26,000 0 0

loe.261 17 8,817 11 v

8

<*8,315 7 11

236,420 18 61

26,689 13 8

58,000 0 0

4*88 5 4

3,036 0 0

5-8,2710 15 5

20,000 O - Q

3 '4 ,000 0 0

47-448 I 47.'67 0 IO

6'

193.>*S *4 83.866 15

5

7,916 19 11

749 3 3i

9,846 3 3i

Total granted.

issued.

d.

784*04 IX iv

1 V>’°Z9 8 9

94,615 12 4

74&$3*i3 9

140^79 8 9

o Mi

94,615 12 4

Remaining.

JM74 O

10.

G*

tn1-'

o

yv

o

Vi

00, Vo ^4

V

3

(Toward* building a Fort at Anamohoa, and the Maintenance and Support of that, and other British Fort* and Settlement* upon the Coal! of Africa Towards enabling the Commissioners for the Bridge cross the Thames at H'estminster, to maintain the Bridge, and perform their Trusts Towards making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops from Carhjle to Newcq/fle- up oh-Tyne -To piy to Captain John Tenon in full of his Claims on Land whereon the Fort of Sheerness Hands -

Money paid for Lottes by the infectious Didcmper amongil Horned Cattle -

Towards paying the extraordinary Expences of the Mint, pursuant to Act of Parliament, 19* Georgii 2*1 Regis For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia in America, and Expence* attending the same -

Ways and Mean* towards fapplying the said Services.

£ /. d. £ /. d. £ */.

16,000 0 0 16,000 O O

2,000 0 0 2,000 O O

3,000 0 0 3,000 O O

3,2I4 a 3 - - *#«4 2 3

5,700 0 0 5*700 O O

2,000 a,63* 0 0 2,000 O O

0 0 ,631 O O

*>4*4.973 *4 u *»375»,®S 11 i J9.788 2

- *.37S.*«S 11

*>4,4»973 H *i

00

VO

00

/. /.V.

750,000 o o By the Dutie#OnMaJf,£^r. continued, for the Year 175

*>000,000 o o By u. per Pound on Land, &c, for the Year 1755.

104481 14 3} Surplus fths Excise.

79,812 16 o Surplus of the Fund for Lottery 171 j.

54,580 9 o Surplus Spirituous Liquors, granted jo* rf 24* Georgii 2*, 420,000 o o Out of the Sinking Fund.

18*055 9 of Out of the Overplus of the Grants, Anno 1752, /

2,42*911 8 44 Total Ways and Means,

2,414.975 14 i£ Total Services,

7-937 *4 if

JUfidue of the Ways and Means undisposed; <i/rs»

» Exchequer Bills to be charged on the Land Tax, Anno 1755

From whence deduct what remains to be paid out of Supplies, - 1753

Red is the Overplus of the Grams, Anns 1753, as herein Rated, Anns 1753

Memorandum: There is also remaining uni/Taed in Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Land Tax 1753, a further S-m of 18,641/. 1J« Si^ which is applicable to dif-chajge unfdtishc< Arrears of tin Supplies of preceding Years; that is to say.

For" tiY la ? Marine Regiments - 16,506 5 a{

li 3

For the African Company’s Creditors -

*>»34

£. d.

47,725 16 y\ 39,788 2 s M

7*937 *4

X«W4i Si

This Account, fated by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands* upon an Address of this Honourable House, is humbly presented this 15th Day of January 1754,

Nl

Cn

Ttttr Lthtuf,

Nonnanton

lodoiarc.

A\h*

Harbour.

Canterbury to Whit-table Road.

27 Geo. II.

150 ydnuarii.

Ordered', Thar the said Account do lie upon the Tabte, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Thornhagb presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill for establish»ng and rendering effectual ccr: uin Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the vlanor and Parish of Normanton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Persons residing in, and trading to, the Town and Port of Allot, in the County of Claikmannan, was prefen led to the House, and read; setting forth, That a conGderable Trade is carried on from the said Town and Port; and that the Pier and Harbour, upon which the Safety of the said Port entirely depends, has been decaying several Years; and, as there is no Fund to support and maintain the fame, the said Pier is become so ruinous, chat it will ncccflarily require a very cor.Gderable Sum of Money to be laid out in the Rrpair thereof, to prevent it from absolute Destruction: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be brewed or fold within the said Town and Barony of Alloa, and also a small Duty for Anchorage in the said Harbour, to be laid out in the Repair of the said JHarbour, for such Term, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof $ and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Erskine, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr Lyjier, Mr. Ke>, Sir IViHiam Calvert, Mr. Ei.iott, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thoirnbagh, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Prowfe\ Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ma tin, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Robinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Richards, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Luke Robinson, Mr. Willes; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Performs, Papers, and Records*

Mr. Matthew Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s, Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from it. Dunjtan's Cross, near Canterbury, to the Water Side at Wbustable, in the County of Kent, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dirtfted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-. vered it in at the Clerk’s fable: Where the same was read.

A Petition of several of the T ruftees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Saint Dunstan's Oofs, near the Cicy of Canterbury, to the Water Side at IVbitstable, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That (brae ProviGons for the better Execution of the said Act, are necessary to be made in the Bill applied for by the Pe-.tiiioners to continue the same j but, by ai> Oversight in drawing up the Petition for the said Bill, no Mention is therein made of the Want of any such ProviGons: And therelore praying the House, That Leave may bp given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers, as well as for continuing the Term, granted by the said Act.

Ordered, That thfc said Reporc be re committed

Ordered, That the said Report be re committed to the , Commitic*, to whom the said Petition of thcTrustees appointed to put in Execution an, Act, mode in the Ninth , Vol. 2$.

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from St. Dunjlans Cross, near Canterbury, to the Water Side at WhitflabU, in the County of Kent, was referred.

Ordered, That the Petirion of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Saint Dunflan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water Side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent (this Day presented to the House) be referred to the Confi^ieration of the said Committee: And that rhey do examine the Matter thereof \ and reporc the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliami nr, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present M »jr fly, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Pahtine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy. Mountain called Blackfove Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen* Freeholders, and other Inhabitancy of the several Parishes of Rochdale and HaUifax} and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed; was presented to"the House, and read; setting forth, That by the said Act several Tolls and Powers were granted for Repair of the said Road; which were to take Place, and have Continuar.ee, from the First Day o(June,

1735, during the Term of Twenty-one Years; and that the said Trustees were obliged to borrow several Sums, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of 3,000l. upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which remains wholly due; and that the Money so borrowed, together with so much of the Income of the said Tolls as remained after Payment of the Interest, and after discharging other necessary Expences attending the Execution of the said Act, have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof, and in amending the said Roads; and that, soon after the making of the said Act, the said Roads were, in many Places, widened, and were put in good Repair; but that the said Toils have fallen- (bort of answering the Purposes intended by the said Act, and many Parts of the said Roads are therefore become ruinous, and cannot be amended and kept in good Repair, qor can the Money remaining due, as aforesaid, be repaid, without forn$ further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ior continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for increasing i.hc Tolls and Duties thereby granted, for such Time, and in such Manner, ai the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-fideMtion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Mr. fyold, Mr, Warburton, Mr. Gray, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

Oswald, Mr.- Gybboh, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Rujbout,

Mr. Robinson, Mr; Bacon, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Ker, Mr. Gildart,

Mr. Burrell, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Earte,

Mr. Sydenham, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Charltim, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kyuajion, Mr. fj^al-.pole, Mr Pin, Sir John Turner> Mr. Pelham, Mr Gore,

Mr. Chetwypd, Mr. Tracey, Mr." Bayntun, Mr. Saun-vders i and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancofier, Chester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon #jt Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith, Harbour. t and to impower the Trustees, therein to be mentioned, to porqhafe Laods for that Purpose; and for erecting Dpclfs and other Convenfencies "on the Sides thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations

poo

15* — 16b Januarii.

tions of the 6ill, and found the same to be trtte; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report iri his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Cterk^sTable: Where the Amend* ments were once read throughout* and then a Second time, one by one and, upon cht Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrbfled.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i Mercurii, 16° die Januarii }

Anno 270 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754,

Prayers.

Privilege* \ COM P L AIN T being made to the House, That John Lomas, orie of the Constables in Waiting, Was Yesterday obstructed in the Execution of the Order of the House, made upon Friday the 16th Day of November Lift, for keeping the Passages through the Streets between Tentple Bar and Westminster Hall free and open, during the Times therein mentioned*

And the House being informed, That Charles Came, High Contlable of the City of Westminster, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, being examined, acquainted the House, That the said "John Lomas had informed him, that he Was Yesterday obstructed and assaulted by one Henry Noble, a Constable of the City of Westminstet, he was endeavouring to execute the said Order.

Arid then he withdrew.

And the House being informed* That the said John Lomas attended at the Door

He was caffed in* and examined in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then he withdrew.

And the House having been informed. That one Richard Peers could give the House? fottie Information in relation to the said Matter

He was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Henry NoUe do attend this House T0 morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Charles Came do attend this House T6-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said John Lomas do attend this House Tomorrow Morning*

Ordered, That the said Richard Peers do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Bedford Level

Corporation

Debt.

Diidd.

A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of

the Fens called Bedford Levels fiftiate and being in the federal Counties of Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge, and Huntingdon, and in the Isle of Ely; and of the Proprietors of Lands within The North Level, Part of the said Great Level of the Fens* and of the Proprietors of Lands lying within the Manor of Cropland, Part of Which arc within die Bouhds of the said North Level, and other Part thereof called Porfand, lying adjoining thereto, in a certain District called South Holland, in the said Cotmty of Lincoln; whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

Another Petition of the Governor, Bailtfts, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Ferrs called Bedford Level, situate and being Irr the several Counties dfNdrthampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge*, and Huntingdon, and in the 0* of

*754*

Ely t and of the Proprietors of Lands within The North Level, Part of the said Great Level of the Fens; and of the Proprietors of Lands lying within the Manor of Crow-land, Part of which arc within the Bounds of the said North Level, and other Part thereof called Porfand, lying adjoining the reto^ in a certain District calledSouth Holland, in the said Cotmty of Lincoln; under the Common Seal of the said Company:

Were severally prefemed to the House, and read; reciting Part of an A&, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; and setting forth; That the said Great Level was afterwards divided; and distinguished by the said Corporation by the several Names of The North Level, The Middle Level, and The South Level; and that the said North Level (contains about 40,000 Acres, whereof i 1,600 Acres are Pan of 95,000 Acres which Francis Earl of Bedford, who had undertaken the Draining of the said Great Level, was to have for his Recompence, and subject to the Taxes which the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, were, by the said Act, impowered to levy upon the said 95,000 Acres; and that, at Lady-day 1728, the said Corporation had con traded several Debts on their Bonds, amounting in the Whole to 16,300l.; and that several new Works being absolutely necessary for better Draining the said North Level, by Indenture, bearing Date the 29th Day of May 1728, and made between the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the one Part, William Duke of Devonshire, Guardian of IVriothefley then Duke of Bedford, and Henry then Earl of Lin-' coin, of the other Part, the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in Confutation of the Premises, and for securmgthe Repayment of the Sum of 3,400l. laid out by the said Duke and Earl towards the Draining and Preservation of the said North Level, and of the Sum of 6,600l. which the said Duke and Earl had agreed to advance for defraying the Charge of the said Works, with Interest, at 4/. per Centum, to the said Duke and Earl, did covenant and agree* that the said Duke and Earl, their Heirs and Assigns, and their Agents and Servants, should take and receive all the Rents, Revenues, and Takes, of the said Corporation, within the said North Level, to be applied by the said Duke and Earl, their Heirs and Assigns, in the first Place, for repairing and maintaining the Works--of the said North Level, and making and fOpporting such ocher Works as should be lieceflary for the effectual Draining and Prefefvii-tion of the same Level, end then for Payment of littered:, after the Rate of 4/. per Cent, for the said several Sums of 3,400l. and 6,600l. and to retain the Surplus towards Payment of the said principal Sums; and that the said Duke and Earl laid out the said Sum of 6,600l. in pursuance of the said Agreement, in the Works therein mentioned; and by virtue of, and unde*, the fold Agreement, the said Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and their Reprefen tatives, have ever since continued in Receipt of the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, of the said North Level , but have been obliged to apply the greatest Part thereof cowards the Support and Prefer vation of the several Work* for Draining the said Level, so thatat Lady-day 175a the Sum of 18,877/. 3/. %d. was due to them for Principal and Interest of the said several Sums of 3,400l. and 6,660/. which still remains due to them from the said Corporation, and is a Charge on the Revenues of the said North Level;

- which Revenues amount only, at the Tax ufeally paid by the said Corporation, to the yearly Sum of 777 /. 3/. 4±d. so that there is no Frofpeft of the said Debt being ever discharged by the Revenues of the said Level; and that* 101732, the said Wriotbejky Vvlkctf Retford died, and by his W& forgave to the x 1 said

37 Geo. II.

i6° januarii.

90*

said Corporation a Debt of 2,oooo/. owing to him; which was Part of the said Debt of 16,300l. contracted by the Corporation before 1728;

whereby the said Debt was reduced to 14,300/ and that, since the said Agreement between the Corporation and the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lintoln in 1728, under which the North Level has been ever since in a manner separated from the other Levels, the Corporation have contracted several other Debts on their Bonds, amounting in the Whole to 1 $,840/. all which has been applied for the Service of the Middle and South Levels, and no part thereof for the Service of the North Level; and that it has been found, by Experience, that the Rents, Revenues, and T axes, payable to the Corporation out of the said North Level, are not sufficient to support and preserve the Works of the said Levels and that, notwithstanding so great a Debt has already been contracted for the Service of the said Level, the several Works for draining the said L<evel are become so greatly decayed and ruinous, that, unless some more ample Revenue is provided for the Support and Preservation thereof the same Level will become entirely drowned, and of little or no Value; and that the said Lands called Porfand, and other Lands adjoining, lying within the Manor of C, in South land,in the County of Lincoln, are also subject to be greatly flooded, and cannot be effectually drained without a large Expence; and that the said Lands within the Manor of Crowland, adjoin to the said North Level on the North Part thereof, and lying convenient to be drained therewith, the Petitioners the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the Petitioners, the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands within the said North Level, are desirous to join in One common Drainage, and to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for the effectual Draining thereof, by a Tax to be laid on all the Lands aforesaid, so that the Taxes, Rent, and Revenues, payable to the said Corporation out of the said North Level, be for the future applied for the Service of the said North Level only, and the said North Level be discharged from the Debts of the said Corporation, upon Payment of their just Proportion thereof; and that, in order to promote fogood and beneficial an Undertaking, the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford, Brother, Heir,

and Executor, of the said Wriot Dukeof,

and the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Lincoln, Son, Heir, and Administrator, of the -said Henry Earl of Lincoln, have proposed, and are willing to forgive and discharge the said Debt of 18,877/. 31.

8 d.so due to them from the said Corporation, and

charged and secured on the Revenues of the North Level as aforesaid, lb that the said North Level be discharged from the Residue of the Debts of the said Corporation; and that, on the fan* Condition, the Petitioners the Proprietors of Lands in the said Jjevtl have proposed, and are desirous, that so much of the Taxes, payable to the said Corporation out of the said Level, should be foid, as will raise a sufficient Sum of Money for Payment of the Proportion of the said North Level of and in the said Debt of 14,300l. contracted by the Corporation for the Service of the Whole of the Great Level before 1728, since which Time the said North Level has been under a separate Management, and supported and maintained by its own Revenues, and no Part of the subsequent Debts of the Corporation applied for the Service thereof; and that the said Corporation and their Creditors, and the Proprietors of Lands in the said Middle and South Levels, conceiving that the said Propofais will be for their mutual Benefit and Advantage, are willing and desirous the same should be carried into Execution: And therefore, in regard the tffettual Draining and Preserving of the said North Level, and the said other Lands, which contain together about 50,000 Acres of Low Lands, Vol. a6.

Would not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners and other Proprietors thereof, but also of great Service to the Publick in general; and as the same cannot be effectually drained, or the Money necessary for that Purpose, and for cl i fell arguing the Proportion of the said North Level of the Debts of the said Corporation,cannot be raised without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament, praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord Dupplin, Mr. Clayton, Lord Milton, Mr. Brie bier, Mr. Mr. South-

well, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Abraham , Mr West, Mr. Alexander Hume, Mr. Gray, Colonel Conway, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. , Sir Robert Bur del/, Mr. Barbor, Mr. G Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Hay, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Hill, Mr. Fe/lowcs, Mr. Webb, Mr. Tracey, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Allgood, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Sloper, Sir William Calvert, Captain Rodney, Colonel Mostyn, Mr. Oswald, Mr. James,

Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. William Lyttelton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. War burton, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Watson, Mr. Nugent, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Fanfhaw, Lord Downe, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Yorke, Lord Granby, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Qffley, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Henry Pelham junior, Mr. Locke, Sir Mordaunt, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Colleton, Lord Trent bam, Mr. Craivfurd, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Ker, Mr. BaptiJl Levifon Gower, Mr. William Levifon Gower, Mr. Rigby,

Lord OJfory, Mr. Coventry, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Finch-, and all the Members wholerve for the Counties of Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gilling

Exchange.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Vicar of Gilling and James Shutlleworth Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; except John Hall Stevenson, who, in Right of his Wife, is incitled to One Fourth-part of the Advowson of the Parish Church and Vicarage of Gilling, and is in foreign Parts; but that his Wife did, on his Behalf, consent to the said Bill before the Committee, pursuant, as the Committee was informed, to a Letter of Attorney Empowering her to transact all Matters relating to the Wharton Estate, of which the said Vicarage is Part; and which Letter of Attorney has, by Mistake, been less in Yorkshire -, and that it appeared to the Committee, that the Exchange of Lands intended to be confirmed by the Bill will be for the Advantage of the said Vicarage; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made severalAmendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in attlicClerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

On/fra/, Thatthe Bill,with the Amendments,beingro(Ted.

Mr. Secretary atWar presented to the House, pursuant Half Pay to their Addrels to his Majesty, Officer*. Sec.’

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land to U Forces

Gooool

Chelsea Oat

Pensioners,

&c.

Truro Roads.

poi

Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1754: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1754.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced; and linto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards; for the Year 1754: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died oiuhe Efta-

A. 1754*

bliftlment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25 th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1754.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimates were read.

The said Lifts, and also the said Estimate of the Charge of Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the super-annuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1754; are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Ultimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1754, is as followeth; viz.

16° Janua.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1754.

8,102 Out Pensioners, (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at $d. per Diem each -

100 Letter-men, at nd. per Diem each -

31 Serjeants, at $d. per Diem each. -.....' -

From which Deduct,

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1754

Remains to be granted, upon account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hof-. pital, for the Year 17 C4 ——

War Office,

16 th "January 17 54. H. Fox.

Per D iem. For 365 Days.

£. s. £. s. d.

168 15 10 61,608 19 a

5 — — 1,825

1 3 3 424 6 3

174 19 ‘ 63,858 5 5

O 0 1 f

57,358 5 5

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being many of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in or near the Boroughs of Truro, Penryn9 Helftone, Lostwithiel, Grampond, and St. Michaely in the County of Cornwall, and the several Market Towns of Falmouth, Redruth, St. Auftle, and Saint Columb3 in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Four principal Roads branch out from the said Borough of Truro, and lead to the several Boroughs before-mentioned; that is to say, the Road leading from Truro, South-westward, to Penryn, Falmouthy and Helftone, passing through the several Parishes of Kenwyn, Keafeock, Gluvias, Milor, Perron Arwothal, Gwenop, Stithiensy Wendron, Budock j and also the Road leading from Truro, Northward, to a Place called Sbortlane's End, through Kenwyn aforesaid; also the Road from Truro, leading West ward, to Redruth, and from thence to Cambron Church Town, passing through the Parishes of Kenwyn, Redruth, Illogan, and Cambron; also the Road from Truro, leading Eastward, to Loft-withiel, passing through Grampond, and through the several Parishes of St. Clements, Probus, Creed, St. Ewe, and the Town of St. Auftle, also the Road leading from Truro, North-eastward, to Saint Columbe, passing through Saint Michael, and through the Parishes of Saint Clements, Saint Erme, Saint Allen, Newlyn, and Saint Enoder, and that the said Roads leading from Truro to the several Market Towns and Boroughs, and through the several Parishes,* as aforesaid, are become very ruinous; and that many Places thereof are so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other; and that many Parts, especially in the Winter and rainy Seasons, are so deep and founderous, that Wheel Carriages, Horses laden, and even Travellers, pass in great Danger; and alleging, that the said Roads icannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in

a Bill for erecting a sufficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-houses on the several Roads, and for levying a Toll or Tolls upon the fame; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Roads may be repaired and widened, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is* referred to Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Sydenham,

Colonel Aycourt, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay± Mr. Pitts, Mr. Orme, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Greatbeed, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Amy and, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Phillipfon, Mr. Charles Townfloend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Richards; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornival!,

Devon, Somerset, Dorset, and IVilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Fenwick Esquire, Lord of the Shildon Manor and Barony of Bywell, William Bigge Esquire, and Inclosure. others, whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and Common Right, in the common Fields, common Grounds, and commonable Places, of Great Shildon Common, or Shildon Moor, lying within the several Parishes of Bywell Saint Andrew, By well Saint Peter, Corbridge, Stamford-ham, and Ovingham, or some of them, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said William Fenwick Esquire is Lord of the Manor and Barony of Bywell aforesaid. That James Thornton Esquire is Impropriator of the Great Tythes arising and renewing within the Parish of Bywell Saint Andrew, and the Reverend Matthew Robinson is Vicar thereof, and intitled to the Small Tythes within the same;

and that the.Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church

Geo. IL i — 170 Januarii.

9°3

of Durham arc the Appropriators of the Great and Small Tycho* arising and renewing within the P.jrish of Bywell Saint Peter, and the Kevcrcnd Robert Simon is Vicar thereof; and that the Dean and Chapter of the Carhedrai Church of Cadifle are Appropi iators of the Great Tyches arising and renewing within the Parish of Corbridge, and the Reverend John Walton is Vicar thereof, and intitled to the Small Tythes within the same; and that the Honourable and Right Reverend Richard Lord Bishop of Durham is Appropriator of the Great Tythes arising and renewing within the Parish of Stamfordbam, and the Reverend [fames Baker is Vicar thereof, and intitled to the Small Tythes within the same; and that llilliam Bigge Esquire is Impropriator of the Great and Small Tythes arising and renewing within the Parish of Ovingham, and intitled to the fame; and that the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich,or their Trustees, the Right Honourable Henrietta Ceevendish Holies, Counted Dowager of Oxford, and Countess Mortimer, the said William Fenwick Esquire, Sir Walter Blackett Baronec, Edward Blackett Esquire, William Bigge Esquire, and the Persons whose Names arc subscribed co the said Petition, and several other Persons, have a Right of Common on the said Great Sbildon Common, or Shildon Moor, in respect of some of their respective inclosed Lands; and that the Petitioners arc willing and defirou3,that the said Common may be inclosed and divided, by Commissioners on that Behalf to be appointed; and that a specifick Part and Share thereof may be assigned and allotted to each Proprietor, according to their several and respective Shares, Inter, ft, and Common Right, in, over, and upon, the said Common, as the same arc now undivided i but that although such Inclosure and Division will be a manifest Advantage to the Persons interested in the Premiles, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their several Ellaces in the said Lands, Grounds, and Common Right, yet the same cannot be established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in for the purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Allgoody Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, appointed toput in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for opening and making anew Road from the East End of New Jlrtet, in the Parish of St. John% Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees, nominated by the said Act, have made a new Road pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and thereby opened a Communication between the several Parities of Saint Mary Magdalene, Eermondsey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surry, and Deptford, in the County of Kent; by means w hereof great Benefits have accrued to the Landholders, and other Inhabitants, in the said several Parishes, and also to the Publick in general; and alleging, that the said Road might be rendered more useful and beneficial, if the same was extended from Butt I Are, in Deptford, over Deptford Creek, through Greenwich, to Woolwich, in the Counry of Kent, as a di-rest and free Communication would thereby be opened between Lower Deptford and Greenwich, and also between his Majesty’s Dock yards at Deptford and Woolwich, the Rope-yards, and the Ordnance or Train of Artillery kept at that Place; and that great Advantages would also accrue to the Landholders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and all other the Inhabitants, in the said several Places, without the lealt Injury done to the Right or Property of any Person whaclcever, as full Satisfaction is proposed to be made to all whose Rights may thereby be affected; but that a Work of this Nature cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament, and an additional Provision being

Vol. 26.

made by a Toll, or otherwise, to purchase of the several Proprietors a Passage through their Lands, and to make a fulTicient and commodious Road to and from the Places before-mentioned, and to keep the same in constant and proper Repair for the future: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give Leave £or a Bill to be brought in for extending the said Road to the Town of Woolwich, for enlarging and making more effectual the Powers in the present Act, and for granting an additional Term to that which is now subsisting, and afford such other Relief and Afuftance therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Torke,

Mr. WeJtySiT Chales Mcrdaunt, Mr. Har dirge, Mr. South-well, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Ord, Mr. Hay, Colonel si'court,

.Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fozvnjhend, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Barbor, Mr. Lyfier,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Hill,

Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Richards, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Shuttleworth^nd all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex, and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, resolved ltfelf into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mcam. Ways and Means for raising the supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr* Charlton took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported frorn the Committee, That they had come to several ResolutTons; uhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please co receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, that this House wii), upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 170 die Januarii;

Anno 27* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754*

Prayers. (

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Mayor1 Leicestert© and Aldermen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry Coventry, in the County of the said City, and of the Mayor, 01 *' Aldermen, and other Inhabitants, of the Bofrough of Lei-cefier, in the County of Leicester, and of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County or Leicester, co the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads from Coventry to Leicester, through the Parishes of Folefhill, Exball, Bedworth, Chilvers-Colen, and the Tow®

OR

9°4

of Nm-Edton, and from thence to Hinckley and Earl Shilton, to Leicester, and from Leicester to Narborough, in the County of Leicester, are become so founderous, that it is dangerous for any Carriages to attempt to pass them, except in very dry Summers; nor will the Methods appointed by the Laws be sufficient to amend and keep them in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave«nay be given to bring in a Bill to repair and widen the said Roads in such manner as the House shall think fit; and further setting forth, That at the Time of Passing the said Act, it was intended to lay a Toll on all Waggons or Carriages drawn by Jess than Four Horses, or other Cattle; but when the Petitioners, the said Trustees, came to put the said Act in Execution, they found that no Toll was thereby laid on Waggons and other Carriages drawn by less than four Horses, or other Cattle; by which Omil-lions it will not be in the Power of the Petitioners, the Trustees, to repair the said Road, and the said Act will consequently be rendered ineffectual, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore further praying. That the said Omissions may be redified, by a Clause in the Bill now petitioned for; and that the House will give the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall be thought reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Walpole, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gyb bon, Mr. Torke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Lambe, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wrighte. Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hay, Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Ellis, Mr. West, Lord Barrington, Sir John Molejworth, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Pelham; and all the# Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, Derby, Gloucester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ways and Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Meafts. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That cowards raising a Sum not exceeding 15,000l. per Annum, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty’s Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mints, the Duties of Ten Shillings per Ton upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer, imported into Great Britain; which by an Act of Parliament made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, were continued for Seven Years from the First Day of March 1745, and until the End of the First Session of Parliament then next ensuing, be further continued for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1753, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament then next ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, which were granted by an Aftpafied in the Eighteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, and are now in Force, relating to the Mints and Coinage of Gold and Silver \Jonies, be further continued for Seven Years from die First Day of March 1753, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament then next ensuing.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A- 1754-

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Lyttelton,

Mr. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Chetwynd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for con- G‘Hin2 Ex-firming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between chan2c> the Vicar of Gilting and James Shuttleworth Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read the Third time;

And the House being informed, That the letter of Attorney, mentioned in the Report made Yesterday from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, had been since found to be in the possession of one Mrs. Mary Wharton, who attended at the Door, and was ready to produce the said Letter of Attorney;

The said Mrs. Wharton was called in; and (he having, at the Bar, produced the said Letter of Attorney, and having been examined in relation thereto;

She delivered the said Letter of Attorney into the House.

And then (he withdrew.

And the said Letter of Attorney was read.

And the said Mrs. Wharton was again called in, and examined in relation to the Person whose Name is subscribed to the said Letter of Attorney.

And then (he again withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Vicar of Gilling and James Shuttleworth Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Allgood presented to the House, according to Order, ShiWoo a Bill for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Common, or Inclosu:t Shildon Moor, within the Manor and Barony of By well, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Privileg*. Henry Noble, Charles Came High Constable of the City of Westminster, John Lomas, and Richard Peers, being read;

The said Henry Noble was called in, and, at the Bar, examined touching the Matter of the Information given Yesterday to the House against him.

And the said John Lomas was also called in, and, at the Bar, examined touching the same Matter.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Richard Peers was also called in, and, at the Bar, examined touching the Matter of the said Information.

And then the said Henry Noble and Richard Peers were directed to withdraw.

And the Order made by the House upon Friday the Sixteenth Day of November last (for keeping the Pdflages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westmvfter Hall free and open, that the Passage of the Members to and from the House be not obstructed, during the Times therein mentioned) being read;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Henry Noble, a Constable of the City of Westminster, did, on Tuesday last, in the Morning, between the Hours of Eleven and Twelve of the Clock, in a forcible Manner, 1 near Charing Cross, obstruct John Lomas, another Constable of the said City, then in Waiting, ajnd endeavouring to put in Execution the said Order of this House, in Contempt of the said Order, and in Breach of the Privilege of j this House. i

Ordered, That the said Henry Noble be, for his said [ Offence, committed Prisoner to the Prison of the Gate-

4 beuje: l|

170 Januarii.

27 Geo. II.

17* — 18° Januarii.

9°5

bouft: And accordingly*

that Mf. Speaker do- ifluo his Warrant*

Orphtm*

fund.

Nau

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Jantiarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IP1 Regis* 1754. Prayers.

THK House being informed, That the Chamberlain of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was passed jn and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day uf July 1753.

And then he wi.hdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the f*i J Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruf d -w the M nibus of the House.

The fii i Atee.unt is p.eferved amongst the other Papers of this Scfljon.

A Petition of Daniel Mourgue, was presented to the House, and read: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Natural zation.

Ordered, That Leave be given co bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Francis D,uke and Mr. Selwyn do prepare, anU bring in, the fame.

Bedford Sooth Level Drainage.

A P ti ion o*rhe Corporation or the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford 1 reel and of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereu to f bf ribed, being Owners and Proprietors of a errtam I raft of Fen Gr< und, lying between the Rivers of Brandon, Alilden-ball, and Ouze, in the Souih L< vd of the Fens, within the said Great Level, was presented to the House, and read; ferting forth, That the said Tract of Ground, invested in, or belonging to, the Petitioners, and o ntainir g in the Whole 2j,ocoAcres, or more, has for many Years been frequently overflowed, and greatly annoyed with Waters, insomuch that the chief Part thereof has lain utterly waste, and has yielded no Profit to the Proprietors, and the Value of the rest has been considerably diminilhfd; and alleging, Thar, if Banks and Mills were erected thereon, the same would be a Means of draining and preserving the said Lands: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining the said Lands by Banks and Mills, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Torke, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Tracey, Mr. West, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gajhry, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. I'owney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lyjle , Mr. Syden* bam, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Fellows, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Smith, Mr. Townjbcnd, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Captain Saunders, Captain Rodney, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Salufury, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Walpole i and all the Men.hers who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon> Norfolk, and Lincoln: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

thereunto ^ubscribed, inhabiting within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of the Town of Salford, and the County adjacent, consume great Quantities of Coals and other Fuel, which are brought several Miles, by Land Carriage, at a very great Expence; anjJ alleging, That a Channel may be made from the said Town of Salford, through the Townships of Eccles and Worjley, and several other Townships, to the Town of Leigh, and from thence to or near the T#vii.of Wigan, and may be filled and supplied from the River Irwell (without any Prejudice to the Navigation thereof) with Water sufficient for the Floating of Boats and other Vcffcls, with considerable Burthens; and that, by means of such Channel, the Conveyance of Coals from the Pits in several of the said Townships, to the said Towns of Manchester and Salford, and Country adjacent; and a.llo the Carriage of Materials for Manufactures, and of other Goods, to and from the said Towns, and several other Parts of that Country, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered less expensive; and that the Petitioners are willing to undertake the Making of such Channel as aforesaid:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Channel, as aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers for opening and making proper Communications between the said Channel and the said Towns and other Places, and also the said Coal Pits, and for performing all such other Works as the House shall think necessary.

A Petition of several Hatters, Dyers, Brewers, Whit-fters, Calcnderers, and other Manufacturers and Traders, within or near the Towns of Manchester and Saif'ord, in the County Palatine of Lancafier, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Manufacturersand Traders within the said Towns and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Making uf a Channel from Salford to Leigh and Higan would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, by rendering the Conveyance of Coals and other Fuel lrfs expensive, and their Supply more certain; and would also. in many other Respects, be extremely beneficial to all the Manufacturers and other Inhabitants of that Part of the Country in particular, and the Publick in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to biing in a Bill for making such Channel as aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Warbur~ ton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Archer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Greatbeed, Mr. West, Mr, Belcbier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Charles Townjbcnd, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Martin, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ellis, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sloper, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr Barbor, Sir John MoleJ'worth. Sir John Elwell, Colonel A'court, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Selwyn, Captain Saunders, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Salford

Canal.

Salford Canal.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Vol. a6.

A Petition of several Tinners, whose Names are there- Cornwall unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others the Tinners. Tinners of the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House and read , reciting the Provisions in an Act made in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the arc better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Ap-

10 X prentices;

Goooolo

R*telWFe

Highway

Road.

Narrow Wall Road, Lambeth.

906 # I WJanuariL1754;

prentices; for determining Complaints and Disputes between Matters and Mistresses, and Artificers, Handicraftsmen, Miners, Colliers, Kcelman, Pitmen, Glassmen, Potters, and other Labourers, as to Wages; and alleging. That the said Act has been of great Benefit and Advantage to Handicraftsmen, and all poor Labourers; but, by k Clause in the said Act, it is provided, That nothing therein contained shall extend to the Stannaries in Cornwall and Devon; whereby the poor labouring Tinners or Miners, and others employed about the Tin Mines and Tin Affairs, ire excluded from the Benefit of the said Act 2 And therefore praying the House to repeal the said Clause, and extend the Benefit of the said Act to the Tinners, as well as other Miners; which the Petitioners apprehend will be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of the poor Tinners and Miners in the said County; or that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint George, Saint John Wapping, and Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition is now depending in the House for opening a new Road from Ratcliffe Highway, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County oiEffex; and alleging, That if Provision was also made for opening, widening, and making, a new Road (now a Bridle Way) called The Bark Lane, of about 300 Yards in Extent, leading from the North End of Cannon Street into Cable Street, in the said Parish of Saint George, the same will be of great Use and Advantage: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for opening, widening, and making, such Road, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Saint John Wapping, and Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishe$, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, &s it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of James Theobald, Peter Theobald, Isaac Eeles, and John Smith, Esquires, Thomas Bond, and Kemble Whatley, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth. That the Petitioners are Proprietors or Occupiers of certain Messuages, Yards, and Ground, fronting and adjoining, fomhward, to a Way or Road, called The Narrow Wall or Bank, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surry; and that the said Road, since the Erecting of the new Bridge at Westminster, is become a very great Thoroughfare; but is so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass by each other, and in some Months in the Year is in so ruinous a Condition, that it is scarce passable; and that, by reason of the Narrowness thereof, and the many short Turnings and Windings therein, frequent Obstructions are occasioned, to the great Hindrance of Passengers, and the Commerce and Trade of those Parts; and that the said Waycannoc be enlarged or made good by the ordinary Course of Law; and alleging, That the widening and improving of the said Road, from that Part thereof which is oppofice to the House of Mr. James Morris at Lambeth, near Westminster Bridge, to The Broad Wall or Angel Street, near The Old Barge House, will be of great Benefit to his Majesty's Subjects in general, to the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Land lying near the said Way, as well as to the Petitioners; and further setting forth. That the Petitioners are willing to enlarge the said Road at their own Expence, and to make it commodious for the passing and repassing of Carriages, and for that Purpose to purchase a sufficient Quantity of

Gtound on the South iSide thereof and the Tenements thereon (landing, all or most of which are now in a ruin-, ous Condition; and that it is intended, That a Row of Houses or Buildings should be built on the South Side of such Way; but that, in regard Parcel of the Ground is Part of the Possession of the Archbishop of Canterbury, in right of his See, who is not impowered to make a Grant thereof, and other Parts of such Ground and Houses aretheEstate of Persons incapable of conveying, by reason of Infancy or other Disability, the Design of the Petitioners cannot be effected, without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Archbishop of Canterbury has signified his Inclination to alien so much of the Land belonging to his See, as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, if warranted by Parliament so to do: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration $ and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and improving, at the Costs and Charges of the Petitioners, the said Roads called The Narrow Wall or Bank, from that Part thereof which is oppofice to the House of the said. Mr. Morris, eastward, to the said Place called The Broad Wall or Angel Street; and to enable the Petitioners to purchase Land and Houses for that Purpose 5 and to impower the Archbishop of Canterbury, and his Successors, to alien such Part of the said Land as belongs to the See of Canterbury, under such Restrictions and I imitations, and in such a Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kent, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Lockyer,

Lord Strange, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Barbor,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Ker, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Newnham,

Mr. Prowje, Mr. Duke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor~ daunt, Mr. West, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Robinson,

Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Ridley, Colonel Cornwallis, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Richards, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Luke Robinson, Mr.

Torke, Captain Rodney, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Great heed, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr.

Baptist Levifon Gower, Mr. Campbell; and all the Mem^ btrs who serve for the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, LitchfaM and other Inhabitants, of the City of Litchfield, whose Ra*-Names are thereunnto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting some Provisions in an Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Cannals Gate, in the County of Stafford, to the said City of Litchfield, and from the said City, by Shirley Wich, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and through the said Town of Stone f to the End of the said County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards Chester; and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, to the said City of Litchfield, and from thence, by Femlcy Pitts, to a Place called Wood End, in the Parish of Shenfton, and to Ogley Hay, in the said County; and also from the said City of Litchfield, through Tewnall's Lane, to a Place called High Bridges, in the said County of Stafford; and setting forth, That by another Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, the Term and Powers in the said first-mentioned Act were enlarged for Twenty-one Years, and the Trustees were impowered to employ the Money to be raised by the said Tolls and Duties, in repairing the said Roads before-mentioned; and also in repairing and supporting the Roads from Colejhill, in the Coumy of Warwick, to Cannals Gate aforesaid, and from

Carlifie

Ditto.

27 Geo. II.

18° Januarii.

907

the End of the County of Stafford to thcCity of Chester- end that, by virtue of the said several Acts, the said Road from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges hath been completely repaired, and for the future may be maintained t a very inconsiderable Expence, and for a much smaller Sum than is annually collrfted upon the said Road 5 and that the Surplus Money to be collected upon the said Road would be usefully employed in repairing and supporting the ocher Roads in the Bill mentioned; but, by reason of the particular Provisions in the said recired Acts, the Surplus Money coiledled upon one of the said Roads cannot be applied lor the Repair and Support of the other of the said Roads, nor can the said Great Pod Hoad from CoUJkill to Chester* by reason of the Smallness of the Dunes coiledled thereupon, and the very great Extent thereof ^che said Road being upwards of Seventy Miles in Length, for which a Toll of Two Pence per Horse only is paid) be effectually repaired, nor can the Debt that ha'h been incurred upon Account of the said Roads, which is very considerable, be dillharged, without the further Aiiitlance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers in the said several Acts, and (or the more effectual repairing and supporting of the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And chat they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Trentbam* Lord Offory* Lord Strange* Mr Aldworth* Mr Charlton, Mr. Offley* Mr. Prowse, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Barbor, Lord Donne* Mr. Robinson* Mr. Bridgman, Lord Bury, Sir Richard Wrottefley* Colonel IValdegrave* Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Gore, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Rigby, Admiral Toitnfbend* Captain Saunders, Mr. Reynolds, Captain Rodney, Mr. Wilson* Lord Carysfort* Mr. Martin* Lord Burleigh* Mr. Colebrook* Mr. Sydenham* Mr. Wor hurt on* Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. All good* Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Levifon Gower, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Watson, Mr. Gajhry and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick* Stafford, Salop, Derby, Chester* and Lancaster: And they arc to meet this Afccrnoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Northumberland* by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne* being offered to be preferred to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with the utmost Care, caused Part of the said Road, in the County of Not thumberiand* to be amended, and made great Progress towards executing the other Trulls reposed in them by the said Act; but that the Petitioners are not able to finish the said Road, or completely execute the Powers veiled in them, unless a further Sum of Money be granted to the Petitioners for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such a farther Sum of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratton of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subsenbed, acting within and for Vol. 26.

the County of Cumberland\ by virtue of an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newca/lle, upon Tyne* being offered to he presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth; That the Petitioners have, with the urmofit Care, caused Part of the said Road, in the County of Cumberland* to be amended and made passable, and made great Progress towards executing the other Trusts reposed in them by the said Act; but that the Petitioners cannot complete the said Road, or completely execute any of the Powers veiled in them by the said Act, unless the House shall be pleased to grant the Petitioners a further Sum of Money, exclusive of what doth remain in the Hands of the Petitioners for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such a further Sum of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracey* Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thornhagh* Mr. Peachy* Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Howard* Mr. Metcalfe* be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 2 id Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for opening and making 2 new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of St. John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said. Road in Repair for the future, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Mr. Matthew Robinson reported from the Commitree, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his pte-sent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from St. DunftcaCs Cross* near Canterbury, to the Waterside at JVbitfiable, in the County of Kent* was referred; and to whom the Report of the Matter of the said Petition was re-committed; and to whom also the Pc* tition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at IVbustable, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

The said Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was read: And,

Mr. Thomcts Brown* Clerk to the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, produced to your Committee an Account of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act; whereby it appeared, that 1,000l. had been borrowed; 600l. whereof remains due at this Time.

Then Mr. Tolbut, being examined, said, he knew the Condition of the Road at the Time of the passing of the Jate Act, which was very ruinous: That the Statute-work has been regularly performed thereon; but, if the Act were to expire, the Road would, in Two Years Time, be impassable. And,

Mr. Brown produced to the Committee an Account Of the Receipts and Disbursements for the last Seven

Years;

Deptford

Roadi.

Canterbury to Whitstable Road.

African

Company,

Greenwich

Ferry.

908 i8° Januarii.

Years; whereby it appeared, That the Receipts for that Period amounted to 1,682/. ioj. 1 \d. and the Disbursements for the same Time, including the Interest on the Money remaining due, amounted to 1.686/. 9s. 8 d.

To prove the Allegations of the Second Petition,

A Member informed your Committee, That some further Provisions for the better Execution of the Paid Act are necessary to be made in the Bill applied for in the former Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstant* s Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at Whitstable, in the county of : And that Mr. Matthew Robinson and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

4 Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have sent. out proper Materials, Stores, and Artificers, for rebuilding the Fort at Annamabce, and expect soon to hear that the Work is going on very fuccelsfully: And praying the House ro take the Importance of the Trade to Africa into their most serious Consideration; and to grant such a Sum for building, repairing, and , supporting, the Forts, for the ensuing Year, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Company of ^Varermen and Lightermen of the River !Thames, was presented to the House, and read;, setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts relating to Watermen and Wherry men rowing on the River Thames; and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River betwtcnGravefend and Windsor-, the Rulers and Overseers, Auditors and A fiiftancs, of the said Company, have only a Power of appointing Watermen to ply and work, on every Lord’s Day, between Vauxhall, above London Bridge, and Limehotife, below the said Bridge, on the said River; and the Monies arising the reby, after Payment of the said Watermen for their Labour, were appropriated for the Support and Relief of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed, Watermen and Lightermen of the said Company, and their Widows 5 and that great Numbers of Watermen and Boys do work, on the Lord’s Day, cross the said River, from Greenwich to the Isle of Dogs, and exact large Prices from Passengers to pass and repass cross the said River; and that the Recompence made by Parliament to the said Company, for the Lois of their Ferries on Sundays by the building of the Bridge at Westminster, has greatly fallen short, and the said charitable Fund thereby decreased: And therefore prayingrThac a Sunday Ferry may be established, by Law, from the said JJle of Dogs to Greenwich, and the Profits thereof applied in Aid of the said Fund; or that such other Provision may be made for supplying the said Deficiency as the House shall thjnk proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Gray% Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Strange\ Mr. Prowse,

j. 1754.

Mr. Newnham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr, Cooke, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Mar ton, Mr. Hume, Mr. fey, Mr. Hampden, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Tracey, Mr. West, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Hardirge, Mr. Colebrooke, Colonel Cornwallis, Lord Digby, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Trentham, Mr. Anson, Sir Robert Long, MrJ Ridley, Sir IVm. Calvert', Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proffer, Mr. Barber, Mr. War burton, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Nugent, 51 ir James Lcwther, Mr*. Cholmondeley, Mr. Torke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Great heed. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Richards', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Kent, Middlesex, Essen, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afrer-noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Pei Ions, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Whitechapel Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Mary 1>00r*&c* Matfelon, otherwise White Chapel, in the County of Middlesex, the Liberty of the Tower of London, and Part of the City of London, was prefenred to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Provision made by an Act passed in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and of the Methods prescribed by Law for repairing Highways of Parishes and Places within Counties ac large; and setting forth, That the annual Rates collected for supporting the Poor belonging to the said Parish amolint to the Sum of Two thousand Pounds and upwards, great Part Whereof the Petitioners apprehend is occasioned for Want of Powejr to oblige such of the Poor to work who afe able so to dbj and alleging. That if the Petitioners had leave to raise a Sum of Money topur chafe, hire, or buiid, a Workhouse, and to furnish the fame, f6r the Employing, Maintaining, better Regulating, and Governing, of the Poor therein, it would be the Means not onlyyin a (horrTime, of lowering the present Taxes, M>ut tend greatly to the Health and Pro servation of such Poor; many of whom, instead of being burthensome, would become useful to the Publick, especially by their being employed in the several Manufactories carried on in the said Parish; and further alleging.

That the proper enlightening1 of the Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the said Parish, and keeping a well-regulated nightly Watch therein, would be of great Utility to,

the Inhabitants thereof, and tend not only to prevent Robberies and Burglaries, but to the Security of the Lives and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, who pass through the said Parish in the Night-time on their lawful Occasions; and that if more effectual Provision was made for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places, and repairing and amending the Highways in the said Parish, and so keeping the fame, it would be of great Use and Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid,* and to impower the Churchwardens and Parishioners, assembled in Vtfiry, to make yearly One or more Rate or Rates for repairing the Highways, cleansing the Streets, and enlightening and watching the said Parish, to be added to, and collected with, the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, with such further Regulations relating thereto, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gray, Sir William Beauchamp Proffor, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gybbon,. Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fellowes> Mr. Chariton, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. West, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Hardinge, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Margin, Mr. Tracey,. Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hay, Lord Strange, Mr. Lane, Mr. Barber,

10 Sit

17 Geo. II. 18° — 210 Januarii. pop

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ktr, Mr. , Colonel

Cornwallis, Mr. Elliott, Sir William , Mr. Lambs,

Sir BourcbierWrey, Mr. Sandys, Sir Reger Mr.

Thornbagb. Mr. Torke, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Barrington, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Kent, Mr. Greatbeed, Mr. Gore, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Pelbam, Lord Sir William Codington, Si rjobnBarrington, Mr. Alderman

Mr. Wa barton, Colonel A’court-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford,

Kent, Sutry, and the City of London: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna,21° die Januarii; Anno if Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754. Prayers.

srjr Debt. Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood ai Christmas lad, be laid before this House.

Iccoont of teamen.

teith

rlarbour.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 3 ill of December 1752, to the 31st of December 1753, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muftcred, in the said Service.

An ingrossed Bill for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith: and to impower the Trustees, therein to be mentioned, to purchase Lands fur that Purpose; and for erecting Docks and other Conveniencics on the Sides thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith; and to impower the Trustees, therein mentioned, to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and for erecting Docks and other Conveniencies on the Sides thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Edwardt and Mr. Helferd:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Simonbum for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Waste or Iaclofuie*. Common called Simonbum Common, In the Manor and

Parish of Simonbum, in the County of Northumberland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Kemp’* veiling the Ellate of William Kemp Esquire, dereased, in Estate-Trustees, to be sold, pursuant to Articles; and for applying the Purchase Money for the Benefit of the Children of the said William Kemp, in such Manner as is directed by the said Articles: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

Sopply. The Order of the Day being read for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lid of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Eilimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1754,13c referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eilimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eilimate of the Charge of Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Hoi fe, reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 17 54, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 2 $th of December 1716, with an Eilimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1754.be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vot.. 26.

A Petition of John Lade, heretofore called John Infkip, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Sir John Lade, late of the Parish of St. Saviour, in Southwark, in the County of Surry, Baronet, deceased, by his last Will devised all his Manors, Freehold Messuages, Lands, T enements, and Heredttaments,within the Kingdom of England,to T ruftces, to the Use of the Petitioner, by hit then Name of John Infkip, Grandson of his eldest Brother Vincent Lade, for the Term of his natural Life, and, afee^ his Decease, to his First and every other Son and Sons, fiicceffively in Tail Male; and directed, that, during such Time as the Petitioner should be under the Age of Six-and-twenty Years, his Trustees should enter upon the Premises, and receive the Rents and Profits, and pay and apply the same as therein mentioned; and amongst other Payments, should pay and allow to the Petitioner, after he should attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, and until hi* Age of Six-and-Twenty Years, the Yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds; and that the Testator’s Willlikewife was, that the Petitioner and his IITue Male, when he or they should come into Possession of the said Estate, or should be intitled to such yearly Sum thereout, should take upon him and themselves the Surname of Lade, and use the said Surname upon all Occasions; and that, if he or they should refuse or wilfully neglect so to do, the Estatea limited to or for the Benefit of him or them lb refilling or neglecting should cease and be void: That the Petitioner hath attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and is intitled to and in the Enjoyment of the said yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds, and hath, in compliance with the Testator’s Direction, taken upon himself the Surname of Lade only, and used the same on all Occasions, and is willing and desirous the same may be established and confirmed him and his Issue Male by Authority of Parlia-

Infltip’s

Name.

on

ment: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lade only, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Setgifon, and Mr. Gybbon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry Noble Constable, now Prisoner in Privilege, the Gatehoufo, was presented to the House, and read i

10 Y expressing

91 o ti° Januarii. A. 1754.

exprtfiing the Petitioner's Sorrow for thfe Offence for bad, and in many Places, in the Winter Season, almost which he was committed to the said Prison, by Order of impassable for Travellers on Horseback; and in some the House; and representing to the House, That the Places so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other: Petitioner’s Confinement is of the utmost Detriment to That, if the said Roads were widened and repaired, it himself and Family: And therefore praying the House, would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country;

That he may be discharged from his Confinement. but the Laws in being are ineffectual to answer those

Ordered, That the said Henry Noble be brought to the Purposes.

Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Mr. John Biggs confirmed the foregoing Evidence,

being discharged: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Warrants accordingly, amending and widening several Roads leading from the

Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall: And that Privilege. The House being informed. That the Matter of the Admiral Bofcawen, and Sir John Molesworth, do prepare, Complaint made to the House upon Wednesday the 21st and bring in, the fame.

Day of November last (that, in breach of the Privilege of

this House, Francis Carlill, Thomas Carlill the elder, A Petition of the T ruftees appointed to put ^Execution Bedford, *c.

Thomas Carlill the younger, John Carlill the elder, John an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of Carlill the younger, William Carlill, John Raley, and his present Majesty, for continuing an Act, made in the William Kidd, of Ellougbton, in the County of York, Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Yeomen, did, upon the 23d, 24th, and 25th Days of George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and rc-May last, in a riotous and forcible Manner, enter upon pairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, the Lands of Luke Robinson Esquire, a Member of this to Westwood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing House, in the Parish of Ellougbton aforesaid, and break the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of down the Banks and inclosures thereof, and put their Hertford; and also another Act, passed in the Seventeenth Cattle upon the said Lands) had Sheen ended to the Satis- Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending faction of the said Mr. Robinson, and of the other Parties and making more effectual the said first.mentioned Act; concerned. whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented tp

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads from rions be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of Bedford to the several Towns of Newport Pagnell and Lathe said Complaint. vendon, other wise Laundon, and from Westwood Gate to

Higham Ferrers; and also from that Part of the Meere Rochester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the called Rujhden Meere (where the Road turns off to Hig~

Wm- Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the bam Ferrers) to Wellingborough; are become so ruinous,in Eleding of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament many Places, that Travellers cannot pass thereon without for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in the great Danger; and that the same cannot be repaired with-room of David Polbill Esquire, deceased. out the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given for a Bill to be brought in for en-Privilege. The House being informed, That Satisfaction had been larging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts,

made to Sir William Ccdrington Baronet (a Member of this or for carrying on the said Roads from Bedford to New-House) in relation ^9,the Breach of Privilege complained port Pagnell and Lavendm, otherwise Laundon, and from of upon the 20th Day of December last; Westwood Gate to Higham Ferrers; and also from that

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Part of the Meere called Rujbden Meere f where the Road tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of turns off to Higham Ferrers) to Wdlingborough; and for the said Complaint. making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the said Roads.

Mourgnt’s Sir Francis Drake presented to the House, according to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Nat* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Darnel Mourgue Merchant: Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine And the same was received, and read the First time. the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord OJfory, Mr. Alderman Beck-Canterbury Mr. Matthew Robinson presented to the House, accord- ford. Lord Burleigh, Mr. Bayntun, Mu Wm. Lcvefon Gower, toWhitstable ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Sir Win. BeauchampProSlor, Mr. Gore, Colonel Waldegrave.

Road, granted by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Mr. Lambe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Strange, Mr.

Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and Edward Finch, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross, Watson, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Taylor, Sir Bournes the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at Whitstable, chier Wrey, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Corner in the County of Kent: And the same was received, and wall, Mr. Brajfey, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Edward Montagu, read the First time. Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Cornwallis,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Admiral Bynge, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Turner,

Lord Bateman, Mr. Keck, Mr. Hill, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Truro Admiral Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to Lockyer, Mr. Boone, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Walter Bagot, whom the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Worthy Montagu, Lord Parkery subscribed, being many of the Justices of the Peace, Gen- Mr. Villiers, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. tlemen. Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in or Hume, Mr. Offley, Mr. Bateman, Mr. Brand, Lord Gran* near the Boroughs of Truro, Penryn, Halftone, Lostwithiel, by, Mr. Compton, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Powney, Mr. Grampound, and St. Michael, in the County of Cornwall, Bye, Mr. Finch, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. West, Mr. More-and the several Market Towns of Falmouth, Redruth, ton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Gray, Mr.

St. Auftle, and Saint Columb, in the said County, was Edward Willes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Tracey, Mr. referred;That the Committee had examined the Matter of Jenyns, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Baptist Leveson the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Gower, Captain Rodney, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Neale, Mr. fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read Bankas, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at Nugent, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Amyand, Mr. the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as Kynaston, Mr. Sandys. Captain Saunders, Sir John Barring-followeth; viz. ton. Sir John Peachey, Lord Femey; and all the Mem-

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, bers who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford,

Mr. John Allen said, That he knows the several Roads Bucks, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Nottingham: mentioned in the Petition; That they are extremely And they ace to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,

i A



i:

is

27 Geo. II. i i Januam. 911

in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

icdford, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, Roads. of the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town of Bedford, and also of the Merchants and principal Inhabitants of the said Towns, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said Counties of Hertford and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto fiib-ferihed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, if such a Bill as is applied for by the find last mentioned Petition should pass into a Law, it would be of great Use and Benefit, as is set forth in the said Petition: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Petition.

Ditto. A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Bedford and bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, if such Bill should pass into a Law, so far as to the Making of a Road from Bedford \o Newport Pagnell, and from Bedford to Lavendon, other wise Laundon, with the Tolls anfing from the same, it would be of great Use and Benefit: And therefore praying. That Leave may. be given to bring in . a Bill for that Purpose.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgestes, of the Borough of Higham Ferrers, and other the Inhabitants thereof, and of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Northampton and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, if a Bill should pass into a Law for making a Road from Westwcod Gate ro Higham Ferrers, and carrying such Road over Art thorough Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, with the Tolls arising from the same, ic would be of great Use and Benefit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Road from Westwood Gate to Higham Ferrers, and over Artlcborough Bridge, to Barton Lane, as aforesaid.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leicester, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, and of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Uppingham, in the said County of Rutland, and of Wansford, in the said County of Northampton, whole Names are thereunder w ritten, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Uppingham, in the said County of Rutland, and from thence to the said Town of Wansford, is become so deep and founderous, and in several Places so narrow, that Passengers cannot go through the same without great Danger; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road from the Town of Wandsford to the said City of Peterborough, through the several Towns of Acts-' worth, Castor, and Longthorpe, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places, by being coo narrow, is very incommodious and dangerous, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That by the Ad applied for, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and from thence to the Town of Wandsford, in the County of Northampton, the said Road mentioned in this Petition may be amended* widened, and kept in Repair, in such Manner as to the House shall Teem meet.

Vol. a6.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bedford, &c. Tradesmen, and ocher Persons, of the several Towns of Roads* Nottingham, Melton Mowbray, Oakham, Uppingham, . Rockingham, Kettering, and other Towns arid Places in the several Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Road from the End of Trent Bridge, leading through Bridgeford Lane, to Ed-Walt on, through thfc Towns or Plumtree, Normanton, and Upper Broughton, in the County of Nottingham, Ab Kettleby, Melton Mtytti-bray. Burton-Lazarus, in the County of Leicester, Lang-ham, Oakham, and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, through Rockingham, and Part of the Town of Kettering, to the Bowling Green there, in the County of Northampton, is, by reason of the Narrowness thereof in some Parts, become deep and ruinous, and in some Parts thereof, in wet and Tainy Seasons, subject to be overflowed, so that Travellers cannot pass thereon without great Danger, and the Produce of the Lands in, and Manufactures of, the said several Counties, cannot be carried to the proper Places for the Sale and Consumption thereof; and thatc the said Road cannot, by the Laws now in being, be repaired, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, T frit Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner«as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Ditto, holders of the Counties of Bucks and Northampton, and likewise of sundry of the principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the Towns of Newport Pagnell and Oulney, in the said County of Bucks, and of Kettering and Wellingborough, in the said County of Northampton, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds others in the said Towns, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the Toll-gate in the Parish of Kettering aforesaid, through the Towns of Isham, Great Harrowden, Wellingborough, Woolajton, and Bozeat, in the County of Northampton, and through Wennington, Oulney, Emberton, and Sherrington, to the said Town of Newport Pagnell* over Sherrington Bridge, is become so deep and ruinous as hardly to be pafiable in the Winter, and in other Parts thereof, in wet and rainy Seasons, subject to be overflowed, so that Travellers cannot pass thereon without great Difficulty and Danger; and alleging, That on the caking place of the Act for the Use of broad Wheels, it is apprehended, it will be more difficult than at present for the Trade of the said Towns of Kettering, Wellingborough, and Oulney, to be carried on, without widening and amending the said Road; which by the Laws now in being cannot be done:

And therefore praying, Theat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Repair of the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Ditto, of the several Towns of Newport Pagnell, Latbbury, Sherrington, and Chichley, in the County of Bucks, was also prefenced to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Counties of Northampton and Bucks, and also of the Peti- # tion of the Trustees appointed for the putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wcjlwood Gate, in the said County, and for repairing the Road from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks; and alleging^ That if a Bill or Bills should be passed into a Law, so far as the Making of the said Roads from Kettering to Newport Pagnell aforesaid, and from Bedford to Newport Pagnell aforesaid, with the Tolls arising from the same, it would be of great Advan-5 taSe

Market Har-borough

912 11 Januariu t 1754.

1 \ \

tage to the Petitioners in particular, and the Country in general, to bring the said Roads over Sherrington Bridge, through Latbbury Lane, in the County of Bucks; and that the Lane called Blackbird Latte, in the Parish of Chichley, should be shut up, the several Roads leading thereto being very ruinous 5 and that proper Powers should be granted for building the said Bridge called Sherrington Bridge, and repairing Latbbury Lane, with a small Toll to be paid at a Gate to be creded thereon, the said Bridge being now only a Horse Bridge, and the Ford near it, from Sherrington cross the River Ouze, through Latbbury Lane, being very dangerous, and almost useless, except at very low Water, and all Wheel Carriages being obliged to go round, about a Mile, through extreme bad Roads: And therefore praying, That sufficient Powers for that Purpose may be added to the said Bills, or either of them.

.. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to West-wood Gate, in the said County, and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; and also another Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and making more effectual the said first-mentioned Act; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions 5 and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bytborne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth. That the Petitioners have, pursuant to the Powers, as they apprehend, given them by the said Act, turned a Part of the old Road, which leads from . Market Harborough aforesaid, over Chain Bridge, through the Turnpike upon the Northampton Road, into Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, over Clack Hill, towards Desborough aforesaid, and have carried the same from Market Harborough aforesaid, through a Lane there called Saint Mary9s Lane in Market Harborough aforesaid, along Part of the Road there leading towards Saint Mary's Bridge, near Market Harborough aforesaid, over the Well and River, through a Lane called The Church Lane, into Little Bowden aforesaid,where it comes into the said old Road, leading over Clack Hill, towards Desborough aforesaid, as the most convenient and commodious Road, and for preventing the same interfering with the Northampton Road Turnpike; and that some Doubts have arisen concerning several of the Powers given to the Petitioners by the said Act; and, in particular, whether the Petitioners have a Power to divert the said Road, and to crest or set up any Toll Gate and Side Gate cross and on the Side of any Part of the said diverted Road, which would be greatly for the Benefit of both the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Powers already given to the Petitioners by the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Knightley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Compton, Lord Strange, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Archer, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis

Drake, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bankes,t Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Belchier, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Trentiam, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Gore, Sir. Francis Poole, Mr.

Sergifon, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bacon, Lord Verney, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. War bur ton, Mj\ Barry, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Hay, Lord Hillsborough; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Leicester,

Bucks, Huntingdon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and prin- Leicester to cipal Inhabitants of the Borough of Warwick, in the County Coventry of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; taking Roa<ls* Notice of the Application which has been made to the Houlc for a Bill to repair the Road leading from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry, and representing to the House, That the Road leading from the City of Coventry to the said Borough of Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, is the usual and ancient Road from the East Parts of this Kingdom, through the Borough of Leicester, and the City of Coventry, to Bristol,

Bath, and other Places in the West; and that the said Road between the said City of Coventry and Halford Bridge aforesaid is, in many Parts thereof, greatly out of Repair, and in general in so bad a State, that it is not likely ever to be repaired by the ordinary Methods of Law:

And therefore praying, That in the said Bill some Provision may be made for the better repairing of the said Road from the City of Coventry, through the Borough of Warwick, to Halford Bridge, in the said County; or that Leave may be given, in favour of the Petitioners, to bring in a proper Bill for repairing the said Road from the City of Coventry to Halford Bridge; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief as the Nature of their same may admit of and require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Mayor and Aldermen, and other Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, in the County of the said City, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leicester, in the County of LeiccJ-ter, and of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fixeh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Frederick Calvert, Bald-Baron of Baltimore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was pre- more’s Effete fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That King in Maryland. Charles the First, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date the aoth Day of June, in the 8th Year of his Reign, was pleased to grant to Cecil Baron of Baltimore, the Petitioner’s Ancestor, his Heirs and Assigns, the County, District, or Territory, of Maryland, in America, with the Cognizance of all Pleas within the same, and divers other extensive Privileges, Powers, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging, and to erect the same into a Province, and to constitute him and them the Proprietary Lords of the said Country and Premifcs, to be held of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Kings of England; as of the Castle of Wind-for, in the County of Berks, in free and common Socage, by Fealty only for all Services, and not in Capite or Knights Service and rendering to his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Two Indian Arrows of those Parrs, to be delivered at the said Castle of Windsor yearly, and the Fifth Part of all Gold and Silver Ore to be found within the Limits of the said Country; and that the said Cecil Baron of Baltimore, at a great Expence, planted a

Colony

1

17 Geo. II.

1 i0 Januarii.

9 t$

Colony of English Subjects upon the said District of Land lo granted to him, and thereupon it was Toon peopled, nnd became a settled Colony; and that the said Province or Territory came by Defcenr, or otherwise, from the said Cecil Baron of Baltimore to Charles Baron of Baltimore\ his Son, long lince deceased; who likrwife Very much contr.bmed to the Improvement thereof, so that the same is n«>w a great Province, and contains many Thousands of People; and reciting Part of a Settlement, made by the said Char.es Lord Baltimore on the Marriage o{ Benedict Calvertt Ins Son and Heir apparent, with the Lady Charlotte Lee elded Daughrer of Edward Henry Earl of hitch-field, whereby the said Province or Territory of Maryland, and all other the Premises granted by the said Letters! Patent, were settled and afTured, in the manner and to the Uses, mentioned in the said Settlement; and further setting forth, That tb- said Benedict, afterwards Lord Baltimore, left Issue by the said Lady Charlotte his Wife Four Sons and Two Daughter?.5 namely, Charles Calvert, late Baron of Baltimore, the Petitioner’s late Father, de* ceased, his eldest Son and Heir, Benedict Leonard Calvert, his Second Son, and Edward Calvert, his Third Son, both finer deceased, and Cetilius Calvert, his Fourth Son, now living, And Charlotte and Jane Calvert, his Two Daughter*; and also reciting Part of another Settlement, made on the Marriage of the last-named Charles Lor ^Baltimore, the Periti mer’s Father, and Mary, the Daughter of Sir Theodore JanJfen Baronet, now Lady Dowager Baroness of Baltimore, the Petitioner s Mother; Whereby the said Province or District, with the Appurtc-hinces, were fetrfed and afTured to the Uses mentioned in the said Settlement; and further frtting forth, That the said Char es Lord Baltimore, the Petitioner’s Father, died in the Lile-timeof the said Mary now Baroness Dowager of Baltimore, leaving Issue by her the Petitioner, his only Son and Heir, and Two Daughters, named Louisa rand Caroline; and that the Petitioner’s said Father duly made his Will, dated 7th November 1750; whereby he deviled to T ruftees, therein named, all his Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Great Britain, and also his Province of Maryland in America, and all other his real Estates whatsoever, to the Uses in the said Will rtien-tioned; and that the Petitioner's Father made a Codicil to b» said Will, dared 9th December 1750 3 whereby hie gave to his said Two Daughters, Louisa and Caroline, the Sum of 5,000l. a Piece, besides the Shin of 5,000l.

secured to them by his Marriage Settlement, to be paid to them in such Manner as the said last mentioned j,ooool, was secured to them by the said Marriage Settlement1; and also reciting certain Covenants and Agreements contained in an Indenture of Sifc Parts, dated 9th March 1753, made previous to the Marriage of the Petitioner with the Right Honourable Lady Diana Eger ton. One of the Daughters of Scroops Duke of Bridgwater, deceased,

the Petitioner’s now Wife; whereby, upon the Consider-Ation and for the Reasons therein mentioned, it was covenanted by the Petitioner, That he would, as soon after . riie Solemnization of the said intended Marriage as the Circumstances of the same would permit, lay a aioft dutiful Representation of the Matters mentioned in the said Indenture before his Majesty, and would petition His Majesty for Leave to apply to Parliament for an Act to enable him to bar the Entails subsisting upon the fetd Province, and would do his urmost Endeavours that such Act might be obtained; and, after the obtaining thereof, would do all such Acts, in Execution of the Powers therein to be contained, as should be effectual for barring the said Estate Tail, and all Reversions and Remainders thereon expectanc, as fully as the Petitioner could be enabled to do by Common Recovery, in case the said Territory of Maryland was firuate in any County in England; and further fecting forth, That the said Cecilius Calvert, the Petitioner’s Uncle, did thereby agree to concur with the Petitioner therein; and that both the Petitioner and his said Uncle thereby agreed to do all necessary Acts for settling the said Province in the Trustees, named in the VoL. 26.

said Indentures, to the Uses therein mentioned; s*nd that the Petitioner, on. the 9th.Day of March 1753, inters married with the said Lady Diana Egor ton, and, in.purfu-r dhceof the Stipulations foenrere.d into.by the said Indenture of Covenants, proposes to execute,an Indenture of Bargain and Sale thereby to grant and convey the said Province to some Trustee or Trustees, and his and their Heirs, to the Intent that such Trustee or Trustees shall jpin with the Petitioner in settling and conveying, by proper Means, the said Province or Territory of M*ryl<wd, to the Uses exprjrffed in the said Indenture of Covenants; and that the Petitioner further proposes, that upon his appearing in his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, and acknowledging the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale to,

be his Act and Deed, and procuring the same to be inrolled among the Records of the,laid Court, such Acknowledgment and Inrolment may, by the Authority ojf the Legifiaturc (if thoughc proper) be declared, deemed* and taken to be, a full Bar to all Estates Tail and conditional Limitations, and to all Remainders and Reversions there? on depending, which noware, or shall then be, subsisting in the Petitioner, upon the said Province or Territory of Maryland, with the Appurtenances; and that the feme shall operate to discharge and destroy all such Estates Tail, conditional Limitations, Remainders, and Reversions, a? aforesaid; and that the Petitioner hath laid his dutiful and Humble Representation before his Majesty in the.Premises, humbly praying his Majesty's Royal Leave and Licence, that a Bill may be brought into Parliament for obtaining the several Purposes before-mentioned; and that his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify his royal Consent thereto: And therefore, and inasmuch as the Petitioner doth hold the said Province or Territory of Maryland of his Majesty, and as the Cognizance of all Suits and Causes, touching the Property or Ownership of the said Province, does (as the Petitioner conceives) belong to his Majesty in his Royal Person, the same not being (as the Petitioner is advised) within the Jurisdiction of, or cognizable by, his Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes and to the Effect before mentioned, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem most meet*

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition,

‘ gives his Coilfent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. . ... . ' '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant tb the Prayer of xhe laid Petition r And that Mr.

Grenville, the Lord Hitljborough, and the Lord Barrington, do prepare and bring in the lame.

A Petition of Henry Delamain Gentleman, beipg offered Delamain’s to be presented to the House; ‘ jplns.for

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty Ware, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read; setting forth, That Porcelain and Earthen Wares have always been, and now are, burnt and glazed with Wood Fires, the Manufacturers having not been able to make use of Coal without discolouring, and consequently greatly depreciating, the Value of their Goods; and that the Petitioner has discovered a Method of firing Kilns of a particular Construfture (and which may be built for the same Expence as the Kilns now made use of) which perfectly burn and glaze all Sorrs of White Ware with Coal, in leis Time, and in larger Quantities, than the Method now* practised by burning of Wood, and atOne Third-part of the Expence; and alleging, That, as Coal is much cheaper 10 Z in

G.

Whale

Fishery.

Bounty on Sail Cloth

014 ' ii° Januarii. A. 1754.

in this Kingdom, than any Sort of iFuel whatever is in any other Country, this Discovery, if made publick, would enabirour Manufacturers to produce the said Wares at a much cheaper Rate, than they could be made abroad; and that thereby this Branch of Trade, by reason of a more plentiful and cheap Supply of Fuel, would be always enjoyed by this Kingdom without a Rival; and further setting forth, That the Kilns invented by the Petitioner, having been proved before the Dublin Society, he was recommended by them to the House of Commons of Ire-Umd\ who granted him i,ooc/. to be given him for his Encouragement, and to enable him more, effectually to carry on the said Manufacture; and that the Petitioner has Upended, in making Experiments, and in perfecting his Discovery, a much larger Sum than hath been granted by the Parliament of Ireland; and that, as an Undertaking of this Kind cannot be carried on to so great an Exrent, and with fombch Advantage to both Kingdoms (and particularly to this) as if the Invention was made publick, the Petitioner is willing to diicover the fame, upon such Compensation for his Expence, Trouble, and Loss of Tittle, 'as shall be thought proper, and as the Utility and Mem of his Discovery, upon Experiment and Trial, shall appear to deserve: And therefore praying the House to 'tike the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: s;

And it is referred to Mr. Belcbier, I.ord Strange, Mr. Barbery Mr: Grenville, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lyft'er, Mr. Z.5-vejon Gower, Mr. Legge, Lord Barrington, Lord Bateman, Colonel Bc/cawen, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gray, Mr. yTor he, Mr. {Kynafto'n, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Ker, ^Colonel Conway, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Delavall, Mr. I own-field, Mr. Webb, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Warburton, Lord Dupplin,. Lord Dmcamion, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

*Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. IB rand, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Tracey, *Mr. Chetwyhd, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lambe, Mr. vBacon, Mr. Hardtnge, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. West, Nir.RcbwJon, Mr.' Sftdenhdm,~\\r. Allgoody Mr. Waif ole, Mr. Sandy s,

A$uSdet,y Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. ^Kichdrds, Sir Willi dm Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Trent bam, Mr. ^hillipjon, Lord Hilljbcrough, Mr. Lockyer; Andr they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, <-in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for dPerfobs, P&pers, and Records: And all who come to the "Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Alexander Brown, and George Stee^ Merchants in Edinburgh, for Aemselves and Partners, was presented teethe House, and read} reciting the Pyovisions ' in TwoAfts of Parliament, made in the 6th and 22d Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encourage-. ment of th§ Whale Fishery; and fettrng forth. That, in The Year 1751, a Ship called The Hojretoun wa^ fitted out . for the said Fishery, by and on the Behalf of the Petitioners, in the Manner, and conformable in all Respects, To the Regulations prescribed by the said Acts; and that the said Ship'did proceed upon, and was employed in, the 1 laid Fishery/’a considerable Time; but was unavoidably loft in the said Seas ;( and expressing the Hope of the Pe-' titionersj That the Owners of Ships, which were sent to j Sea in the Manner required by the said Acts, but unavoidably iperished, to the great Loss of such Owners, in at-’ tempting to carry into Execution thelntention of the Legislature,will be deemed equally defending of the Encouragement given by the said Acts, with the Owners of Ships which have made prosperous and successful Voyages: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the ' Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them such ’ Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of "Robert Donald and John Stevenson, for 1 themselves and others concerned in the Manufacture of

Sail Cloth, at the Ports of Greenock zhdPort GlasgoWy was presented to the House, and' read; setting forth. That by Two Acts of Parliament, of the 12th of Queen Anne, and the 4th of his present Majesty, a Bounty Of Two Pence per Ell was granted on all British-made Sail Cloth exported as Merchandize, to be paid out of the additional Duty of foreign Sail Cloth imported; and that, this Funci having proved inefficient, it was enacted by the 23d 01 his present Majesty, That, for all British-made Sail Cloth exported after the ift of June 1750, the said Bounty should be paid out of that Part of the Old Subsidy that was applicable to Incidents, thereby leaving the Bounty of what was exported before that Period to be paid as formerly out of the Duty of foreign Sail Cloth imported; and that the Petitioners had exported sundry Parcels of Sail Cloth of their own Manufacture before the said First of June 1750, the Bounty on which could not be recovered for want of a FTind on the Branch of foreign Sail Cloth imported; and that there ft ill remains unpaid to the Petitioners, on this Account, the Sum of 1,358/. 11s. rod, as will appear by the several Debentures, regularly certified, and ready to be produced ;and that since the Commencement of the last-mencioned Ad, as well as before, the Petitioners have, at sundry Timet, applied to the respective Collectors for Payment of the said Debentures, without Success, having always had for Answer, That there was no Money in their Hands arising from the Duty of foreign Sail Cloth, and which the said Collectors have accordingly certified on the Foot of the several Debentures; and that the Importation of foreign Sail Cloth having thus entirely failed in North Britain, and there being no Appearance chit any-Fund will again arise from thence, the Petitioners are left without Remedy, by any Law now in being, for the1 Recovery of the Bounty due upon the said Debentures; and alleging. That the Petitioners have fully complied with the Intention of Parliament in granting the said Bounty* and, on the Faith of its being paid, have difeouhted the Value thereof to the several Persons they fold their Sail Cloth to: And therefore prayjpg, r That the said Debentures, being for Sail Cloth exported1 before thei First of June 1750, be paid out of the Old Subsidy; in like Manner as those that were certified after chat: Time'; or, that the House will grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Gon-.sideration of a Committee: And chat they do examine, and state to the House, the-Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition: -: */

And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

West, Mr. Crawfurd, Mr. Hardtnge, Mr. Stuart, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Grenville, Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Charlton, Nlr.Kynaston, Mr. Allgood,

Mr, Ellis, Mr. Ridley, Mn Prowse, Mr. Lyster, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fownjhcnd, Mr. Ltrtundes,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Ker, -Sir Francis Poole,

- Colonel Cornwall^, Mr. Tracey, > Mr/ Barbor I Mr\*tiay,

Mr. Young, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Conyers, Sir Roger NcW-digale, Mr. Compton, Mr. Medticott, Lord Strangei Mr.

Aldiporth,. Lord Qjfory, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Barry, 'Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Franklandy and all the Members.-who \fecyc for North Britain: And they are tb meet this Afcfcrribon a^Five of the Clock, in, the Speaker’s Chamber; y>Aiid have Power to fend for-Persons, Papers, and RecortdsFT

. The Lord Barrington, from the CommissioneM for African! executing the > Office of Lord High AdmiraL o? Great and Britian, presented to the House, pursuant to^he:Dittidiohs cttcm of an Act of Parliament, r '

A Paper, intituled. State and Condition of the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa. 5

And the Title of the said Paper was read. -

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,^to: be perused by the Members of the House.

- The said Paper is prefer ved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

Supply.

Shildon

Inclosur#,

W *&W«

jtI &Lu.

X>

A»

)fc

ij Geo. II.

2i° — 22° Januarii:

9*5

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to Report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and is as followeth 5 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 17J4.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hundred Forty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen,of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred Forty-four Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon tfye Establishmenc of H^lf-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before die 25th o(December 1716, for the Year 1754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand Three hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1754.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally pur thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Allgood have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Bill for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Common or Sbildon Moor, within the Manor ancf Barony ' of Bywelly in the County of Northumberland, was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed* to Mr; Allgoody * Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Comptony Mr. Sydenham, Mr; Martin, Mr. vLyjler; Mr. Palmery Mr. Charlton, Mr1. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hay, Mr. West, Mr. Ker, Mr. William Leveson Gower, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrelly Sir Walter Blackett, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Dalftcn, Sir Edward Thomas, Mr.

Mart is y 2 20 die yanu;

Anno 270 Georgii IF* Regis, 175^.

Prayers.

J-JENRY Nolle was, according to Order, brought to Privilege.

the Bar: where he, upon his Knees, received a Re- A Person primand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be dif- ^r^ncJc<i charged out of Custody, paying his pecs. charged.

A Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Normanton Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the com- *ncl°sure-mon Fields r and comnaop Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Normanton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.. i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thorn-. baghy Is/Jr. Martin, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Caley,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyster, Sir FrancisPoole,

Mr. Sydenham? Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Tracy9 Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Allgoody Sir jVilliam Beauchamp Pro ft or, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Strange, Mr. Westy Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Shuttleworthy Mr. York, Sir William Calvert, Mr. More-tony Mr. Wilkinjon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sandys, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Locke, Mr. Richards, Mr. Willey,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

(Villesy Sir William Codrington, Mr. War bur ton, Mr.

Townshend, Mr, Shelley, Mr. Grenvilley Mr. PhiWpfon, Mr.

Leveson Gower, Mr, Lafcdles, Colonel A*court: and all the Members who ferye for the Counties of Nottingham,

York,.Derby, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of chic Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Calyert presented to the House, according ciockmaken; to^rder, a Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuse$ committed by Persons employed in the Manefacture of Clocks and Watches: And the same received, and read the First time. kefolyed, That the Bill be re^d a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do jfiue his Warrant to the petersfield Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of William Conolly Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Lyfler reported from the Committee, to whom the Welton Bill for dividing apd inclosing the common Fields, com- Inclosure. n)on Meadows/, pommon Pieces, common Grounds, and waste'Groundj, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the

*7. ... . J if'fl 'i

also the Petition..of ‘Thomas Gibbons, Thomas Green, and divers others,.Owners and Proprietors of Land in the open i^evejon-and" common Fields of Welton, in the County of -Sir Httttam Beau- ' . tu, k.. ^c.a^.^a

Thornton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Borne, Colonel Peachey,

Colonel Leighton, Mr. Cooke, Mr: Wilfcm, S\r Hugh County of Northampton, was committed j and to whom

Dalrymple, Mr. Archer, Mr. miles, Mr. Edward Wtiles,- -Vffl thP P^ifion of Vwc Thorns a,*, ,rvt

Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Vaughan, Mr . Clayton, Mr.

'Knightley, Mr. Brand, Mr. Town field, Mr. Leveson

Gower, Mr. Morelon;- Mr. Robinson, Sir HilliautBeau-"amptm,was.referred*That the Committee had considered

champ Protlor, Mr. Helavah, Mr. Kent, Sar John Peachy, Petition,apd had heard the Petitioners, by their

Lord Barrington, Mr. Jenyns-, and all the Members who Copnfel; and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said serve for the Counties of NorthuMand; Cumberland,' Bill,’against the said Petition} and that the Committee

(Veftmorland, Lancafttr, York, aand- Durham: And they 1 examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the same to be* true: and.that the Parties concerned had given Spea er s Chamber. Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a mittee; except Thomas Gibbons, Thomas Green, George Motion: , Arnold, Richard Atkins* who altogether are possessed

And he moved the Hous^ accqrtiiggly. j off6pe YardL^d.a^daHa^fa^OneSixth-partofaYard

And ai> jngrpffed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An v ^nfqunkipg^x in the Whole, to the yearly Value of

v Act for vesting the Estate William Kemp Esquire,| de- ;'IJh,|^een Pounds; Eleven Shillings $ and except Thomas

_cea(ed, in TrjuCtees, to.be^pld pursuant^ to Articles i.^nd, LH^gbton^ who ha/qp/Prpperty in the said Lands, except for applying the Purchase Money for the Benefit; of/the- a^.Tfuftee for :the Poor, who are possessed of Two Childr.eq;o^diA.f»id Willfarn lfempri in such as i$ , in the Jftid. common Field; which Land is

directed by the..,said Articles ;wa§^2uj4the f jve Trustees, for the Use of such Poor, and the

Resolved, That*the Bill be read a Second time. Rjffyqrd AfJtins and Thomas. Haughton are Two of

- That the whole of the Land proposed

.. r Andy theoVjffie H,ouse ad]oufrved till, Jp^orrow0/4toxbc ip^q^ ^napjfnts to^ about Seventy-twp Yard Land,

Morning, Nine of the Clock. ‘ w and Tcveral common Pieces amounting to Six Yard Land,

*v ' and valued at about Seven hundred and^Seventy Pounds a

Yol. 2,6. 11 Year,

Glasgow

Road*.

beptford

Roads.

pi6

43° — 1%° Jamarit.

A.

>754-

Ycir, including tfi^ Great and Small Tythes; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were ohee read throughout; and then a Second time,one by one; and, upon the Question severally ]?ut thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the Houfd to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads ieading into the City of Glasgow, was referred; . That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was read; whereby it appeared, That le-veral Roads are directed to be repaired; amongst others, the several Roads from the City of Glasgow to the East End-of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from the Village of Gorhals to a Place called The Chapel of Cambuslang, and from the said Village of Gorhals to Three Mile House in the Way to Paisley,zt\d from the City of Glafow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvine called The Miln ford of Garfcuib; but that the Trustees are not impowered to collect any Toll or Duty upon Carriages, Cattle, or Travellers, passing the said Roads.

Then Andrew Cochran Esquire, late Provost of the City of Glasgow, bring examined, said, That the Road leading from Gorbells to Three Mile House, in the County of La-nerky is* by Mistake, put under the Direction of the Truf- , tees appointed for repairing the Road from the Village of v Gorbells to Floak Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned; whereas the same ought to have been put under the Directions of the Commissioners named in the said Act for the other District of Roads:

That there is an Exemption of certain Carriages from the Payment of Tolls on Part of the said Roads; which considerably diminishes the Toll, and has been found very inconvenient: That he knows the Water of Kelvine, which is often a very dangerous Ford; and, if a Bridge was erected over the said Ford, it would be of great Use: That there are several Avenues to the City of Glasgow, by which the Payment of the Toll on the principal Roads is avoided; by which the Tolls are considerably lessened.

And, being asked the Question, he said, It would be more convenient to carry the Road from Gorbells to Easter Grange, through the Village of Neilfton, than by Snypes, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow: And that Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Crawfurd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Peter Thompson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the MaLter of the said Petition 2 and had

directed him td report the larrie, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered itinat the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Homeward, being examined, laid, That great Benefit has accrued by the said Act; and that the new-in* " tended Cut will be a Mile nearer: That the Road at present is very bad, and narrow; and that the new Road will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants in general.

Mr. Thomas Wiggips, being examined, said. That the new-intended Cut will be of much Benefit to the publick Offices, and his Majesty’s Dock-yards at Deptford and Woolwich; and also to his Majesty’s Ordnance at Woolwich.

Mr. Bariab Hill, being examined, said. That the intended Road cannot be made without additional Toils and a further Term, in order to purchase Lands of the several Proprietors, and to build a Bridge over Deptford Creek; and further fays, That the said intended Road will be of general Utility.

Mr. John Carter confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Hill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill foren-larging the Term, and making more effectual an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to arid through the several Places therein mentioned; and for extending the --said new Road from Butt Lane in Deptford, over Deptford Creek, through Greenwich, to Woolwichy in the County of Kent: And that Sir Peter Thompson, Mr West, and Sir Richard Wrottefley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 230 die Januarii$

Anno 270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

T\AN1EL Mourgue took the Oaths appointed, In order to his Naturalization.

... > -Colonel Vane reported from the Committee, to whom Pcjrce the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Peirce Bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lone End, in the said County, and for making the same more.effectual, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame;to be true;.and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cfek’s Table 2 Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. j

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Diilcmpd Order, a Bill for the better preventing of the Spreading among 1 of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Clttle* i Cattle in this Kingdom: And the same was received, and read thi Fi< ft time. 1

Resolved, That the BHl be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Orders of the Day being read; j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- w*jn aj

ing Meany

L.

w’r-

A IJoa Ilnfbour.

27 Gfo. II.

ing neyt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ro con fid er further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refereed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rclolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ro consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2±° die 'Januarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754. Prayers.

MR Code reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Saint John, Mapping, and Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and the relt of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of ft-veral Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Gee-ye, Saint Jcbn, flapping, and Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; Thar the Committee had examined the Matters of the said petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afrerwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Zacbaiy Ccckfied said, rhat the Parishes of Saint George, and Saint John, Wapping, and Saint Paul\ Shad-tveil, are situate near the River Thames, and are very populous, and are inhabited chiefly by Persons employed in the various Manufactures used in fitting out Ships to Sea: That if a new Road was opened from Rat cliffe High-way into the Fffex Road, the said Parishes would not only receive great Advantage; but such Opening would be of publick Utility, as the Conveyance of Goods from the said Parishes, and Piaces adjacent to the River, would be thereby greatly facilitated.

Mr. William Rcbinfon confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Ccclfe'd; and said, That opening such Road would be of great Use in the conveying lick and wounded Persons to the London Hospital.

Upon the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Robinson said, That there is a Bridle Way from the North End of Cannon Street, to Cable Street, in the said Parish of Saint George, about 300 Yards in Extent: That if the same was made commodious for the Passage of Carriages, it would be of publick Benefit.

Mr. Joffjua Curtis confirmed Mr. Robinson's Evidence; and added, That inch Opening would be nearer by a Mile and Three Quarters, than the Way which Carriages are obliged to go at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, in the Parish of Saint George, through Cannon >t. eel, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading info the County of PfftX] and also from Cannon Street into Cable Street, in the said County of Middlesex: Anri that Mr. Cocke, Sir Richard IVrot-ttfley, and Sir H i Ham Beauchamp Profior, do prepare, and bsing in, the fame.

Mr. frdiijc reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons rc Tiding in, and trading to, the Town and Port of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, was rest rod. That the Committee had examined the Mat-Vol. c6.

917

ter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he. read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it' in at the Clerk’sTable; Where the same was read, and* is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Adam Smith Esquire, Collector of the Customs at the Port of Alloa, being examined, said, That a considerable Trade is carried on from the Port of Alloa-, particularly^ in the Exportation of Coals:; i

That the Pier of the Harbour is in a very ruinqus , Condition, several Tons of Rubbish lying upon it: That the Safety of the said Harbour depends upon the Pier, and it will require a very considerable Sum of Money to repair and maintain the same; and that there is no Fund applicable for that Purpose. And,

James Abercrombrie Esquire confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Smith.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, vended or sold, within the Town and Barony of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan; and also a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town; for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour: And that Mr. Erskine} and Mr.

Gilbert Elliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Nova Scotia Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by CoIon/* iupportingand maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the First: of January to the 31 ft of December 175 3.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Efti- ^itte, mate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1754.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Rochdale whom the Petition of the several T ruftees appointed to put Roa(k in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York; and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Rochdale and Halifax, and Parrs adjacent, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed was referred -, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

' In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was read; by which Act several Tolls and Powers were granted for the Repair of the said Road, which were to commence from the First; of June 1735, and to continue for Twenty-one Years.

Mr. William Whitworth produced the last Account of the Trustees; whereby it appeared. That there has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and now owing, the Sum of 3,00c/.; and that the Tolls collected have amounted, upon a Medium, to about 208/. per Annum.

And the find Mr. Whitworth said, That the Monies raised by virtue of the said Act have been properly laid out in, and upon account of, the Repair of the said Road; and that the same cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Money owing repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further continued, and some more effectual Provision made.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cn-11 A Urging

2 30 — 2 40

240 Januarii. 1754*

Narrow Wall

Road,

Lambeth.

Litchfield

Election.

larging die Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in contrary to the Lift Determination in the House of jCom-the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for mons, was also read.

repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rocb- And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

dale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a And the Original Poll, taken at the said Election, was

certain craggy Mountain called BlackfloneEdge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealartd, in the County of York: And that the Lord Strange, and Mr. Scdufbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Peter Thompson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Theobald, Peter Theobald\ tyaac Eels, and John Smith, Esquires, Thomas Bond, and Kemble Whatley, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Middlemash, being examined, said. That he knows that the Gentlemen, who signed the Petition, are Proprietors or Occupiers of the Houses and Ground mentioned in the Petition; and that the Road intended to be repaired is very narrow, which renders it dangerous: That Two Carts cannot pass each other: That the said Road is quite ruinous at this present Time, and has many (horc Turnings in it; and that it cannot be sufficicmly repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. RichardSomerjell confirmed the above Evidence; and further said, That he is a Surveyor, and knows that, in some Places, the said Road does not measure more than Eight Feet One Inch upon a Sweep.

Mr. Middlemash, being again examined, said. That the opening and widening the said Road would be beneficial to the Publick in general and to that Neighbourhood in particular.

The major Part of the Petitioners, being present, declared their Consent to repair the said Road at their own Expence.

Peter Theobald, and John Smith, Esquires, declared, That they had waited on the Archbishop of Canterbury; who was of Opinion, That it would be an Improvement to the Estates there to have the said Road amended, and signified his Consent to grant such Part of the Lands belonging to the See of Canterbury as would be necessary for that Purpose, in case he was enabled thereto by Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the widening and improving the Road called The Narrow Wall or Bank, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surry, to a Place called The Broad Wall or Angel Street, in the said Parish: And that Sir Peter Thomson, and Mr* Hardingey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Henry Vernon Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Cky of Litchfield.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the last Determination- of the House, concerning the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, made the Tenth Day of December 1718 (when it was resolved, that the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Litchfield is in the Bailiffs, Magistrates, Freeholders of Forty Shillings per Annum, and all that hold by Burgage Tenure, and in such Freemen, only of the said City as are enrolled, paying Scotland Lot there) was also read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the Sixteenth Day of January 173 5, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire* City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place*

produced.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, as to the Behaviour of the Sheriff of the said City (being the Returning Officer) previous to the said Election, and as to the Partiality of the said Sheriff, and of the Bailiffs of the said City, in refusing to produce to the Agents for the Petitioner at the said Election the original Books, containing the Rentals of the Burgess, or Chief Rents payable to the said City, or to allow the said Agents to inspect the said Books j and also as to a Copy of One of the said Books, containing the Rental of the said Burgess, or Chief Rents, for the Year 1753; which Copy, several of the said Witnesses said, was delivered to the said Sheriff, upon the First Day of the Poll, by Mr. John Barker, One of the said Bailiffs; and as to a Book produced by one of the said Witnesses, which, he said, was sent by the Sheriff the Day after the Poll began to the Petitioner, as a Copy of the said Copy; and also as to the Partiality of the said Sheriff, in relation to the Votes of several Persons claiming a Right to vote by Burgage Tenure.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having called a Witness, in order to produce the said Copy; which several of the said Witnesses had said was delivered to the Sheriff upon the First Day of the Poll;

And the said Witness having produced a Book, containing a Rental of the said Burgess, or Chief Rent9, for the Year 1753; and having been examined, in order to prove that the Book, so produced, was the Book which was delivered to the Sheriff upon the First Day of the said Poll;

The said John Barker was called in, in order to produce several other Rentals of the said Burgess, or Chief Rents.

And, having been examined in relation to the said last mentioned Book* he denied that he delivered the fame, or any other Book, to the said Sheriff.

And having produced the said several other Rentals of the said Burgess, or Chief Rents; which he said were sent, on the Second Day of the Poll, by the Chamberlain of the said City, to the Court where the said Poll was taken;

He was examined as to the Person to whom the said Rentals were delivered after the Poll was closed, and as to several Alterations which, he said, had been made in several of the said Rentals about Michaelmas Lift.

And Notice being taken of the Contrariety of the Evidence given by the said John Barker, in relation to the said Book, said to have been delivered to the said Sheriff upon the F'irst Day of the Poll, to the Evidence which had been given by several of the said Witnesses, who had before been examined;

Charles Simpson> one of the said Witnesses, was called in, and confronted with the said John Barker.

And then die said Charles Simpson withdrew.

And Benjamin Ward, another of the said Witnesses, was also called in, and confronted with the said John Barker.

And then the said Benjamin Ward withdrew.

And the said John Barker having been further examined, in relation to the said Book

He withdrew.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed t<*. withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the- Matter of the Petition of Henry Vernon Esquire, complaining ot an undue Election and Return for the City of Litchfield, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Barker do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That William Brooks, Sheriff of the City and County of the City of Litchfield' do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Edward Repping!on Esquire, senior Bailiff of the City of Litchfield\ do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

t And

07 Geo. II.

24° — 250 Jamarii.

9*9

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 250 die;

Anno 27* Georgii IF* Regis, 1754.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Ac- Exchequer count of the Amount of the Exchequer Bilk (landing Bill* out j which were issued in pursuance of an Act of the Tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and charged on the Duties on Sweets.

Prayers. Ordered, That there be laid before this Hoqfe an Dutieton

/-\RDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before Account of the net Money paid into the Exchequer of Sweet*. this House an Account of the Monies that remained in the Duty on Sweets, for Seven Years last past.

the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January

1754, of the Surplus of the Lottery Fund Amo 1714, The Lord Dufplin, from the Commissioners for Trade NovaSeotia

after faiisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon. and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to #nJr*

their Orders,

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by fop-Houl'e an Account of the Monies that remained in the porting and maintaining the Settlement/of his Majesty’s Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Duties on Coals, lince Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1753 t And also,

25th March 1719, after satisfying all Charges and lncum- Estimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining brances thereupon. the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova,

for the Year 1754.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were House an Account of the Monies that remained in the read.

Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Duties on Licences for The said Account and Estimate are as followeth; viz. retailing Spirituous Liquors, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Vol. 26.

account

ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, (or the Year 1753,

W

00

H

— 1

5=*

H

w

To Victualling supplied the Troops; v/a.

Colonel JViirburlotis and Colonel Lascelles Regiments. — The Artillery Company, Rangers, CJc.

From 3 ft January to 25 February ----- i,8ao 3 6

26 February to 22 y^r/7 ----- 1,831 7 6

23 April to 20 May ----- 912 l6

21 Afay to r 5 7z//y ----- 1,823 6 6

16 July to 12 Augud ----- 905 16 —

13 August to 7 October ----- 1,846 15 6

8 October to 31 December - - - 2,805 —

The original Establishment of Colonel Hopjon's Regiment, confiding of 360 Men.

From 1 January to 3 1 March ----- 810

1 April to 30 ----- 819

1 >/y to 30 September - - - 828 —

1 October to 31 December ----- 828

The Augmentation of Colonel Hopfon's Regiment, confiding of 421 Men.

From 1 January to 23 March - - 863 1 —

24 March to 20 June ----- 936 14 6

2i June to 23 September ----- 999 17 6

24 September to 31 Decembw ----- 1,041 9 6

19,071 7 6

Deduct the Sum voted by Parliament towards victualling Colonel Warburton's and Colonel

Hopfon's Regiments - -- - - -- -- - 5,678 15 10

13.39* I. 8

To Victualling for 1,955 Settlers, from the id January to 31 December, at 3^. a Day for each

Person — - — 9,662 I9 IO

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer - 6l2 12

To Subsistence, and other Expences attending the Company of Rangers - LO31 5 2

To the Hire, Portlage Bills, and other Expences attending the Sloops and Armed Vessels, and

a Pilot Schooner, in the publick Service - -- 2,257 2 7

To the Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers - -- -- - 2,276 2 II

To the Pay of Surgeons^and Midwife, and Expences attending the Hospital and Orphan House - J>25° 5 S

— 3,526 8 4

To Stores, Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government - 9>113»9 3

To Wages of Artificers and Labourers employed in the publick Works, and Materials purchased

by the Surveyor - -- - 5*178 9 4£

, 14,292 8 71

To Expences attending the new Settlement at Lunenlerg, and Treaties with the Indians - - 7,678 l6 Ilf

To Expences to be defrayed from closing Governor Ropforis Accounts, from 30 September to '

31 December - -- -- 4,049 9 6

To Duties paid by Chauncey Fownjhend Esquire, for Provisions supplied the Settlers — 411 3 6;

To his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, for Stores and Materials, and the Pay of the Officers

employed in the Colony - -- — 1,644 15 1

£-58>559 >3 3

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting 'arid maintaining the Settlement <xf his Majesty’s Colony of Nova L

Scotia, for the Year 1753 - - £.47,167 6 6

Exceedings - - - - 11,392 6 9

58>559 ‘3 3

920 Januarii. A. 1754.

x7 Geo. II.

izfjanuani.

921

ESTIMATE of the Cfiarge* of supptfrting and main- Square of Building to contain Two hundred Men, with a taining the Settlemem of his Majesty's Colony of N&w Tap Hbufe and Dining-room; which, if built in a plain

C1 - — V m j .4tiUlr<«A I J d!... d ra.<aL TXT 11 L

aS'cc/w, for the Year 1754.

To vl&ualling 1,951; Settlers for 12 Months, after the Rate of 3* </. £rr Person, per D/Vw . - -

To 4<f. per Man, per D/ew, to the N on-commissioned Officers and private Men of Colonel Warburton% and Colonel Hopfon’s Regiments of Foot,

confiding of 1,562 Men, to replace to them a Deduction of so much made fr«.m their Pay for Provisions To victualling Colonel Lascelles Regiment of Foot, confiding of 404Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, and private Men, and a Company of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 107 Men, atj 6 d.per Man, per Diem To the Pay, Victualling, Cloathing, Rev. ruir ng.and other contingent Fx-penres atrendirg One Company of Rangers, c nfifling of 117 CommiA fioned and Non-commissioned Officers and private Men To >CdmensWages, Stores, Provisions, Repairs, and incidental Expences, of Four Armed Vessels and a Pilot Schooner, employed in the Service of the Province To the Salary of Civil Officers, a Surgeons, 4 M ares, and a M idwife To repairing and completing the publick Works, and building and erecting An h new ones as are immediately necessary for the Security and Conveniency of the Settlement To Scores, Materials, and Tools, for the Sutlers, the Wages of Artificers and Labourers, and other incidental Expences attending the Service of the Settlement -

9*662 19 10

fuhftarfitial Manner* tween each Room* about the Sum of Forty "Pound*.

We likewise find

and divided with JBrick Wallst.bfr and plaistered, the Charge will be Four thousand Eight hundred and

9>S°* 3 4

- 4,662 17 6

it will require Thirty-five Square of Building for the Chapel* Marshal, and Master of the Pti-son% with proper Con veniencies; which>if built in a plain and substantial Manner, and covered with Slate?, the Apartments wainfcottrtl with plain W^jnfcor, and Stpne Chimney-pieces, the Charge will amount to about the Sum of Two thousand Nine hundred and Sixty Pounds, making together the Sum of Seven thousand Eight hundred Pounds.

Whitehall, , Henry Finch,

Office of his Majesty’s Works/ , Tho. Ripley,

January 24th 1754. Wm. Oiam.:

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

.47,054 15 j

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimatedo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

3 Bench Mr. Heniy Finch presented to the House, pursuant to Won. their Address to his Majesty, of the ijrh Day of April last, in the last SdTion of Parliament, an Estimate of the Charge for the rebuilding the Pnfon of the MarJba/Jca of the Court of King’s Bench.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

I N pursuance of an Address from this House to his Majesty lad Sessions of Parliament, that he would be graciously picafed to give Directions, That an Estimate might be laid before this House, this Sessions, of the Charge of rebuilding the Prison of the Marshafea of the Court of King’s Bench;

The Board of Works have been directed by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, to survey the said Prison; and find it a very ruinous old Building, unsafe for the Custody of Prisoners, and very prejudicial to their Health, so that we think no Money ought to be laid out upon it in Repairs.

On finding it so bad, we desired to know of the Marshal what Number of Prisoners it was necessary to provide for (if a new Building should be erected on the present Ground); who told us, he thought, not less than Two hundred; and that likewise there must be a Chapel, an Apartment for the Marftul, and another for the Master of the Prison, with proper Con veniencies.

JJpon Consideration, we find it will require Eighty-eight Vol. a6.

The Lord DuppBn reported from the Committee, to Bedford whom, the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffi, and Com- Level Corpo-monalcy of the Company of Conservators of the Great ration Debt9' Le vel of the Fens called Bedford Level, Gcuatc and being 2,786 lS l?i c^c several Counties of Northampton, Noifoik, Suffolk,

Lincoln, Cambridge, and Huntingdon, and in the Isle of Ely; and of the Proprietors of Lands within the North ! evel.

Part of the said Great Level of the Fens; and of the Proprietors of Lando lying with:n the Manor of Crorvlvid,

- 2,811 19 4f Part of which are wi.hrn the Bound* of the said North Level, and ether Part thereof called Porfand lying ad-

3,691 l3 0 joining thereto, in a cerrain District raised . outh Holland, in the said County of Lincon* whose Names are thereunto subscribedj and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Befo d Level,

- $,934 2 af ficuate and being in the several Counties of Northampton,

Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge, and Huntingdon, and in the Isle tf Ely, and of the Proprietors of Land, within the North Level, Part of the said Great Level of the Fens, and of the Proprietors of Lands lying within the Manor of Crowland, Part of which are wirhin the Bounds of the said North Level, and other Part thereof called Porfand, lying adjoining thereto, in a certain Distriift called South Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, under the Common Seal of the said Company; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fimej as it ap-

8,002 4

if

peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read, and is as followcih; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

An Act of the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; and also an Act, of the 20th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, for the Taxing and Assessing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the said Great Level $ were read.

And in the first-mentioned Act it is recited, That Francis lace Earl of Bedford, according to the Law of Sewers, made at King's Lynn, in the 6rh Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, had undertaken the Draining of the said Level, and, in confederation thereof, was to have 95,000 Acres, Parc of the said Grounds, with other Advantages in the said Act mentioned; and chat by the said Law of Sewers, 12,000 Acres (Parcel of the said 95,000) were designed for his said Majesty Ring Charles the Firit, and allotted by Bounds in Severalty; and that William then Earl of Bedford, Son and Heir of the said JbarJ Francis, with others his Adventurers and Participants, had completed the said Undertaking} but chat, as the said Works could not be preserved without constanc Care, great Charge, and orderly Government, ft was therefore enacted, That chr said William Earl of Bedford, and the said other Advencur^rs and Participants, should be thereby incorporated, with perpe-

11 B tual

pi 2 ig^amam, A. 1754.

Bedford tual Succession, by the Name of the Goveijqor, Bast#, Revenue^, of the said North Level,belonging to the fed Level Corpo- WdCdfamonalty, of the Company ot Confer'vatpjjs:o,f |the Corporation, ^yer ftgee the said Agreement, ration Debt*. GrearLeyeFof the pensj', with P^wer tb ^vy’Tyxea, from And he produced to your Committee an* Account which rime ‘to tirrle, ifpoh all the said" 95,090 Acres only, for he had abstracted from the Books of the said Corporation; Support, Maintenance, and Preiery^ti^n, of the said Qre^t whereby it appeared^That there was due to # said Duke Level, with'several other Powers in the salt} ^ft.^eji- and Earl, at Lady-day 1752, from the said Corporation for tioned: .* j; ,'/> Principal and^ Interest of the said Sums of 3,409/. ash

'* That by the said Atft, rpade in th? ?oth Year of the 6,6co /. the Sum or 1 $,877/. 31. 8 d. '

Reign of King C^r/a the Second, the Taxes authorised And the said Mr. Woodward said, That the Tax raised #6 be Taisedby the said former Act wej*e directed to be upon the Three Levels for these last 40 Years had not ex-hhposed by a Grat^l Acre Tax, Recording to different creded a Tax and a Quarter, according to the several Sorts and Values of the Lands, to be set put and afeert^ined V alues of Land ascertained, in pursuance of the said Act by Commissioners; upon Oath, therein named. of the 20th of King Charles the Second.

A Court Book of the said Corporation was produced^ And it appeared from the Account last mentioned, and it appeared, ‘bv* artItfafy in the said'Book ofth$ Pro-, That a full Tax and a Quarter, raised in the North Level, ceedings of the Corporation, the 10th oi %larch: 1697, amounted to 777/. 3 si 4^ di per Annum.

That the said Level was didingvished by the Napaespf And the Probat of the Will of the said Wriothefiey Duke The North Level> The Middle Levels Xbe:§outb of Bedford, dated the 19th of December 1732, was produced Level. '- ' / to your Committee; whereby it appeared# that he left

Aryd^n Iodenture, dated the 29th'Da7 of May 1728, to the said Corporation all that they owed him upon made between thfelsaid Governor; Bailiffs and Common- Bond; which reduced the Debt ow ng by the said Cor-alty, of the one Part; and the Duke of Devonshire, Guar- poration, at L&dy-day 1728, to 14,300l.

( dian of Wrioth^eyr.p^cof BeafordJn Minor, and Henry And it appeared to your Committee, by an Accpunt r Ejrl of Lincoln, of thp.qther PafCj was,produced; where- produced by Mr. John Dr aye. Receiver to the said Corby it appealed, Thafd^e hydNorth contained about poration, extracted by him from the said Corporation’s

40^090 A^res; and that about 1 i;,6Da Acres thereof Were Books, that the Debts owing by them, the 20th of Febru-subject to the said T(axe8. . > n;<. ': :i: dJy ijfs, amounted to 30,240/. from whence the fai<j

And Mr. Join, Winge taid* That-he bad surveyed th£ Sum of 14,300l. owing by the said Corporation at Lady-said /Vflr/i? Level \ which:cpntains.;about 40,000 Acres; day 1728, being deduced, it appears, that the Debts and that \ 1,600. Acres thereof afe subject to the said contrafted by the Corporation since that Time amount Taxes.: ' 'j to 15,940/.

Mr. Woodward, Register to xhe;Corporation, produced And Mr. Woodward said, That the Money borrowed to your Committee an Account of the Bond Debts of the by the said Corporation since the Year 1728 had been fed Corpora:ion, exfrafted by him.from their Books; by applied for the Service of The Middle and South Levels; which it appeared, That the said Corporation was indebted, and that no Part thereof had been applied for the Service at Lady day 1728* to the Amount of 16,300l. and that of the said North Level.

2,000l. Part thereof, w.as owing to the said Wriothejley Nlv.John Winge, and Mr. Thomas Moore, severally said, Dube of Bedford, upon Bond. That the Works of the North Level are in a very ruinous

And the said indenture sets forth. That the said Duke Condition, and great Part of the said Level is, at present, and Earl had then lately expended 3,400l. towards drain- overflowed a Foot deep: That the annual Revenue there-ing and Preservation of the said North Level; and that of is no more than 774/. 3 J. 4\d. which is inefficient to ’ several other Works, therein mentioned, were necessary preserve the said Works 1 and that more Acres areover-to be performed for the further. Preservation thereof. flowed, at present, than have been for many Year? past. And that the said Duke and Earl, at the Request of the and unless the Works are repaired the said Level will be said Corporation, had agreed to advance, in proportion to entirely drowned.

their respective Estates in the said North Level, a further Mr. John Crawford said. That 7,500 Acres of Lands Sum of 6,600l..for the Purposes in the said Indenture par- called Porfand, lying within the Manor of Crowland, are ticutarly mentioned; and fur securing to them the said' subject to be overflowed: That they adjoin to the said several Sums of 3,400l. and 6,600l. with Interest, at 4/. North Level; and that the same River that will drain the per Centum per Annum, thefed Corporation did, by the said Level will also drain the said Land; but that the said Indenture, covenant and agree; That the said Duke: Draining of them will be attended with a very great and, Earl, their Fie;and A(Egns, should receive from Expeme.

their Receiver General all; the Taxes, and other Rents and Mr John Winge confirmed Mr. Crawford's Evidence.

Revenue's, of the Corporation within the said North Level; The said Mr. Woodward produced to your Committee

and that the yearly Sum of 100l. payable by(the FJeirs Two Papers, signed by the Bond Creditors of the said Cpr-or Assigns of Sir Charles Orby deceased to the said Corpo- poration, and signifying their Consent to printed Plans of ration, should be taken to be Part of the said Revenue the intended Bill; which, together with printed States of arising within the said North Level ’, and that such Taxes, the Revenues and Debt of the Corporation of Bedford Rents, and Revenues, should, in the First: place,be applied Levels, as the same stood at Lady day 1752, with the in repairing and hiaintaining all the Works of the said Advantages which will accrue to the Creditors of the Cor-No th Level, and in performing such other Works as poration, and the Proprietors of The South and Middle should be necessary or conducing to the effectual Draining . Levels, by permitting the Proprietors of The North Level and Preservation thereoi; and should afterwards be ap- to be discharged of the Debt, in order to their making a plied for Payment of the Interest of the said 3,400l. and Security for a suficient Sum of Money to be raised for 6,600l. as aforesaid; and that the Surplus should be j;e- their berter draining, on the Terms which have lately been tained towards Payment of the said principal Sums. proposed, were annexed to the said Papers; and which

The said Mr. Woodward produced to your Committee Consents are subscribed in manner following; viz. a Book of the said Corporation; whereby it appeared. We, whole Names are hereunto subscribed, Creditors That the said Sum of 6,600l. was accordingly expended of the Corporation of Bedford Levels, upon Bonds, for by the said Duke and Earl in the Works of the said North the several principal Sums of Money set opposite to our Level; and that a further Sum of 1,78.6/. 9J. 5!d. had respective Names, having seen and considered the primed been laid out by the said Duke and Earl for the Preserva- Plan for obtaining an Act of Parliament for better drain-tion of the said North Level, and not charged on the said ing The North Level, Parc of the Great Level of the Fens, Corporation. and the primed State of the Revenues and Debts of the

And the said Benjamin Woodward said. That the said said Corporation, hereunto annexed, do hereby respectively Duke and Earl have received all the Taxes, Rents, and . consent to the obtaining such Act of Parliament; and th^c

the

1

27 Geo. II.

Jmua

the. said North Level^ and ;thevLanda, Renty -tAd. 3£evc- nues thereof, )be discharged fonp^l) the Debts of.chpdaid Corporation, up9n Payj^nt ofi the £i*m of Poe tJhooftnd Eight hundred Pounds, being,qboofc the prOpfeteck)Bfid)le Part of t;he said ^evcl of that of t&e said; Corporation Debt, which was coo traded \#dfw<^Lady~iday' One thousand Seven huodr^d and T^e^y-#ight; so that the said Corporation, and the^Lands, Rent^and Reveni\e*thef^of, are also exonerated find discha<ged/rorii the Debt due to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, and, the Right Honourable the Earl of Lincoln; under, the Agreement ofi the Twenty-ninth of AJ#y O^e thousand Sjevch hundred and Twenty-eight, as fey th? saidRian aftd State is propo&d. Wixnels our Haods.thisFourteenth December 1753.

-W ' - . v. - '

fctyme^jp i*he First Paper.

\ And Mr/ Frtiitcis Mannitg feid, That he saw all the! Bedford Betfohs {mentioned1 4n‘the First Paper subscribe their Level Corpo-Narnes thie<reurtto; abti Mr. William SfympUr proved "the rationDebt5* SigHtftg'tJf all the Part ies to the Second Piper, except the Duke of Bedford's*, Which was proved by Mr. Wood-]

Daniel. Collins .< . — r:

Dinah Hope - - , -

Thomas Rammell - -

Hen. Bromfeild - - - ?i

Anth. Wright - -

A. Pincke - - - v

Mary Hock - -

James Underbill

John Rudd for Joyn Floyer Esquire John Fludd for Mrs. Margaret Floyer,

John Fludd for Mrs Mary Richards -Wtn. Lewis,one. of the Executors of Mrs# Catherine Treadway, decealed -Richa) d jacifon, one of the Executors of Nic.

Mi nn I squire, deceased -J, Humphreys - -

Richard Harcourt -

James Lheobald junior -

Anth. Wright for Mrs. Margaret Morrell Anth Wright -

Catherine HUs -John Shepperd -

For Mrs. Johnson Robert Butcher -

Total

Names to the Second Paper. Mary Matcham -

Mary Jermy - -

Wharton Peck - -

Wharton Peck, Executor to Mrs. Rebecca Harbor d Mary Howman Tho J. Erne

Edward Wortley H. Howard -

Robert Dod Clark

Wm. Cooke for Samuel Egerton Esquire, Executor to Thomas Revell Esquire, deceased John Brown -

' Bedford -To be farther advanced by ipe, as soon as the present Bondfcreditors will take jtheir Money Bedford -

Benjamin Woodward - -

To be advanced by me, as soon as Mr. Finch, the present Creditor, will cake his Money, 2000l. Witness my Hand this19th Jam* ary 1754, - - W\ Bejl.

Total

Brought from the First Paper

-300 2,15°

v 2DO

: 6oO:

-.* 700 1,30° 50

i, S°o

*5°

3°°

500

400

Mr. Drage said, That the whole Land Belonging to the CorpMation in the Three Levels is 95,000 Acres; and he* produced to voijr Commirteie a List, containing* the Names'Of several Persons who have signed their Con-fents tovthe annexed Plan, and who are Proprietors of Lands in the Middle and South Levels,to the Amount of - -

‘ And he1 faW thote Persons, who have signed the Petition, have Lands in the Middle and South Levels ] -Thar die Corporation have Lands in their own Haflds in the Middle and South Levels -And there are in Drains, Banks, Forelands, and Cutlands, in the said Levels

And in Lands belonging to Minors and Persons under Disabilicies -

240

£ 100 1,000 L3° o

Total Debt - 30,240

Printed Copies of the jtforeCiid Plan, and of the said State, are hereunto annexed, N° 1, N° 2.

Vot.26.

Acre#.

20,171

6,229 13,710

836

Total of Lands in the Middle and South Levels Lands belonging to Persons, who have signed the Petition, in the North Level

Total of Acres belonging to Persons, who have either consented to the annexed Plan, or are under Disabilities.

2,290

43.236

9>c43

5*279

1,000

100

100

r,5oo

2>0Q0

50

200

5°

5,05°

*>35°

200

2,000

17*000

13*240

And Mr. Drage informed your Committee, That, if Time would have permitted, a greater Number of Persons would have consented to the said Plan.

APPENDIX, N° 1.

THE following Plan for obtaining an Act of Parlia-. ment for the better draining The North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, in the Isle of E'y, and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Northampton, and Lincoln, as bounded an 1 defer! bed in the Act of Charles the Second; and also Porfand, in South Holland, in the said County of Lincoln,

" and such other Lands as the Proprietors shall be desirous to drain, under the Powers of such Act, is offered to the Conhderation of the several Parties intended, by the Direction and Recommendation of his Grace the Duke of Bedford, the Right Honourable the Earl of Lincoln, and Thomas Or by Hunter Esquire.

In order to make the Corporation Lands, within The North Level, a proper Security for the additional Taxes 1 intended to be charged upon those Lands, by the Act now prOposed to be obtained:

It seems necessary, That his Grace the Duke of Bedford and the Earl of Lincoln should give up their respective Claims to the Debt now due to them, amounting to about 19,000/ Five Sixth-parts of which is owing to the Duke of Bedford, and One Sixth-part to the Earl of Lincoln:

It seems Bkewife necessary, That the Proportion chargeable upon The North Level of the Corporation Debts, due at Lady-day 1728, since which Time The North Level has been drained separately from the other Levels, should be ascertained and paid off; and, in order to raise the Money necessary for thatPi]rpose,irisproposed, ThattheProprietors of Lands in The North Level be enabled to buy off the Corporation Taxes, now charged by the Act of the 15th of Charles the Second' upon so much of their Lands as will raile their Proportion of the said Corporation Debts, after the Rate of Thirty Years Purchase, computing the Taxes so to be bought off at a T ax and Quarter; each Proprietor to be at Liberty to subscribe, by a certain Day to be fixed,

924 *5° Januarii. 1754.

Bedford Level Corporation Debts.

such Sum towards railing the Money as will be wanted for that Purpose, in proportion to the Lands he is possessed of charged with such "faxes; and the Remainder of the Lands in The North level to be always afterwards fixed, and (land charged annually with, a Tax and Quarter, and the Money hereafter raised by such Taxes to be applied, under the Direction of the Corporation, in the general Works of the said Level; that is to say, in the First place, to make good and keep in Repair the North Bank of More ton's Leam, the East Bank of Cor tyke, from Moreton's Leant to Folly Bank, and the Fotly Bank, from Corefyke ro the River Welland, and the South Bank of the River Welland from the Folly Bank to West Dam, at the Knd of Crowland Town, until the said Banks shall be made of such a Height and Strength as the Corporation shall deem sufficient to defend the Level against the Land Floods 5 and from and after those Banks are put into such a State of Security, as aforesaid, then for and towards the repairing and (lengthening the Banks of Shire Drain, maintaining the South Bank of the River Old South Eau, fom West Dam aforesaid to Clows Cross, and also the West B.ink thereof, from Clows Cross to Guyhirn, and the Banks.of the Counter Drain, from Guyhirn to Cor dyke:

That the Lands intended to be drained under the Powers of the said intended Act, be divided into Five or more Districts, in manner hereafter mentioned; that is to say,

The First District to contain all that Part of The North Level, which is bounded as so'lows; on the North Side by the Bank of the Riv r We/and, from the Folly Bank to We*i Dam aforesaid, and from thence by the Bank of the River (jU South Eau, to a certain Place called The Black Horse, where Catwater falls into the said River Old South Eau , on the Fait Side by the West Bahk of Catwater, fom The Black Horse aforesaid to the North Side of Tbtnney (aujeway, on the South Side by the Road leading from Thorney Caujeway af -resaid to Cordyke, at the West End of Eye Town*, and on the West, from that Part of Cordyke, at the West End of Eye Town aforesaid, to the River Welland\ by the East Bank of Cordyke and Folly Rank; and the Waters of the said District to be conveyed inro any Part of the Old South Eau, from Crowland Town’s End to I be Black Horse, and from thence down the said River Old south Eau, which lies within the North Level on the North Side thereof, to Clows Cross, and into Shire Drain.

The Second District to contain all that Part of the North Level, which is bounded as followeth; that is to say, on the North, in part, by the said Road leading from Cordyke aforesaid to Thorney Caujeway and, in part, by the South Bank of Thorney Dyke; on the East Side, from Thorney Caujeway aforesaid to Thorney Cross, where Catwater turns off westward towards Story's Bar, by the West Bank of Catwater; and the Eastermost Part of the said District is bounded by the West Bank of Knar Lake; on the West Side by Cordyke from the West End of Eye Town aforesaid to Moretens Leam; and on the South' Side by the Counter Drain; and the Waters of the said District to be conveyed through the Counter Drain to Guyhirn, and from thence down the Old South Eau to Clows Cross.

The 1 hird District to contain the LordflripofThorney, which is bounded on the West Side by Catwater, from Thorney Cross aforesaid to the Old South Eau 5 on the North, by the South Bank of the Old South Eau, from 7^* Black Horse aforesaid to Gold Dyke; on the East Side is bounded, in part, by Gold Dyke, and in part by Knar l ake; and, on the South, by Thorney Dyke, including the said Rivers of Catwater, Gold Dyke, Thorney Dyke, and Knar Lake; and the Wateis of that District to be conveyed into Shire Drain, partly by the New South Eau, or by the Drain that runs from Gold Dyke to Clow's Cross, between button Common and lnkerjun ten, and by Knar Lake, into ti e Counter Drain, in such Manner as shall be found most c nvement by the Commissioners of the said District.

The Fourth District to comprise all the Remainder of the Lands in the North Level, bounded on the West by

the East Bank of Gold Dyke, and the East Bank of Knar Lake; on the North, by the South Bank of that Parr of the Old South Eau, which runs from Gold Dyke to Clows Cross i on the East Side, by the West Bank of that Parr of the OlJ South Eau, which runs from Guyhirn to Clows Cross 5 and on the South, by the Counter Drain-, and the Waters thereof, to be conveyed into Shire Drain, by that Part of th& Old South Eau which runs from Guyhirn to Clows Cross: The Fifth District to contain Great and Little Porjand, bounded on the West by the River Welland, from West-dam to Turketills Cross 5 on the East, by the River Shepi* Jheei South, by the Old South Eau, from Crowland Town's End to Dowjdale Bars5 and North, by the RivcC Afcerdyke, and the Waters of the said last mentioned Distncl, to be conveyed into Shire Drain, by chat Parc of the Old South Eau which lies between Crowland Town and CFws Cross.

And in case the Proprietors of any of the Lands in Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton St. Esmonds, and Sutton Saint James's, desire to be comprised within the Act, those Lands to make aSixrh or Seventh District, to be drained through that Part of the Old South Eau, laying bet ween Dowjdale Bars and Clows Cross, and through Shire Drain, in such a Manner as (had de most convenient.

1 hat a Commissioner be appointed for every 500 Acres of Land, to have a Vote for the Management ol he general Works of the Level; and if lb, the whole Nu i ber of Commissioners for the Lands comprised and let forth in the said Five Districts will, as is apprehended, be Ohe hundred and One; such Commissioners to be named at first, in the Act, for the respective Districts, and afterwards their Successors clcdled as hereafter mentioned; that is to say, the Right Honourable the Earl of Exeter, his Heirs or Assigns, being Lords of the Soak oj Peterborough, the Steward, for the Time being, of the Court of the said Soak of Pett> borough, the Foreman of the Jury, and Four next Persons upon the Lift of Jurymen, for the said Soak, in every Year, the Right Honourable the Earl of Lincoln, his Heirs or Assigns, being Owners of Highborough E'en and Lowborough Fen. and Nine other Commissioners, being his or their Stewards or Agents, or his or their Tenants, in Highborough Fen and Lowborough Fen, and Alderland Fen, to be named annually by him or them, and Five other Commissioners to be annually cledled out of the Proprietors or Occupiers of L*ands within the said District, upon the First Monday in August, in every Year, at Eye Town, by such Persons as are in Possession of 20 Acres of Land of Inheritance in that District, paying the Taxes charged by the Act; making in all for the First District 22 For the Second District, to be annually chosen, upon the said First Monday in August, in every Year, at The Dog in the Doublet Inn, upon the North Bank, Nine Commissioners; One whereof to be appointed annually by the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Peterborough, and the other Eight Commissioners out of the Proprietors or Occupiers of Lands within the said District, by such Persons as are in Possession of ao Acres of Land of Inheritance in that District, paying the Taxes to be charged by the said intended Act- - - - - 9

For the Third District, his Grace the Duke of Bedford, or his Heirs or Assigns, with io many other Commissioners, to be appointed annually by him and them upon the said First Monday in August, in every Year, being his or their Stewards or Agents, or his or their Tenants, at Thorney aforesaid, as shall make the Number of Commissioners for that District - - - "34

For the Fourth District, every Proprietor of 500 Acres to be aCommissioner, and so many more Commissioners, to be annually chosen upon the said First Monday in August, in every Year, at Clows Cross, out of the Owners or Occupiers of Land in the said District, by Proprietors possessed of 20 Acres of Lands of Inheritance in the said District, paying the Taxes to be charged by the said Act, as shall make up the whole Number of Commissioners for that District - - ’ - - - 18

For the Fifth District, Eighteen Commissioners;that is to

say,

1

5

tl

X*

tf

n4

Ini

ji*

fit.

27 Geo. If. 250

lay, Thomas Orly Hunter Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, being Lord or Lords of the Manor of Porfand\ and so many other Persons, to be annually appointed by the said Thomas Orly Hunter, his Heirs or Assigns, being his or their Steward and Tenants, in Porfandas shall be One Commissioner for every 500 Acres; which is fipposed will make Seventeen Commissioners; and Beverly Butler Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, being Owners of the Land now possessed by him in Porfand, to be also a Commissioner; making together Eighteen Commissioners for that District - - - 18

And if any other Lands in South Holland shall hereafter be drained by virtue of the said Act. a Commissioner to be appointed for every 500 Acres that shall be so drained.

That the said Commissioners meet annually, at Thorney, upon the Third Monday in August, in every Year, to assess, for the general Works of draining, a Tax not less than 6d. or more than 1 j. an Acre, upon all the Lands in the said several Districts (except Great and Little Borough Fen Common, which, it is supposed, will be afllfled with the Payment of a certain annual Sum, and also except Sutton Common, of which, it is supp fed, a certain Portion of Land wiil be agreed to be allotted towards the Share that the said Common ought to bear of the Expences of the general Works of draining, except the High Lands in the Parish of Eye, and the High Lands of Eyebury, Ox-ney, and Tanholt Farms, Borough Hill Closes, Padhams, and also except Peakirk Long Meadows) until the Money intended to be borrowed under the Powers of the Act shall be paid off, when the Commissioners may lessen the Tax to such Rate as they shall think proper and for the Corn-xpissioners of the respective Districts, assembled together that Day, to afleis upon the several and respective Di-J8:rifts of which they are respectively Commissioners, such other Sum, not exceeding 4 d. an Acre, as they shall think necessary for the particular Works within their respective Districts: That the Majority of the said Commissioners, Dot being less than Twenty, be impowered to raise or borrow any Sum of Money, not exceeding £. at any One Meeting, or any more than £. in the Whole, upon Annuities to be granted for Angle Lives, at not less than Fourteen Years Purchase, or at such Kate of Interest, not exceeding 5/. per Ceftt. as they can procure the same for, to defray the Expences of the general Works of draining; that is to say, cleaning out, widening, and deepening, the Old South Eau, and raising and strengthening the North and South Banks thereof, from Crowland Town to Clows Cross, and the West Bank thereof, from Clows Cro/s to Guybirn, in such manner as to defend the Lands adjoining against a Head of Water Four Feet above the Level of the lowest Land adjoining to the Rivers, by which the respective Districts are intended to be drained; in scouring out Catwater, a little above Thorney Croft, to Story's Bar; and making a Drain from Story's Bar to North Eau Gravel; and scouring out and enlarging the Counter Drain, from the upper Part of the Severals in Stand ground to Guybirn\ and also scouring out New South Eau, from Gold Dyke to Clows Cross, or the Drain between Sutton Common and In-kerfon Fen, and also Gold Dyke: and in making the Banks of those several Drains to the Height and Strength aforesaid; and for heightening and strengthening the Banks on both Sides Shire Drain, in a good and substantial Manner, to convey the Waters down to Gunthorpe Sluice; and in erecting, working, and repairing, such a Number of Mills, not exceeding at Gunthorpe Sluice, as the Com-

rinifiiQners shall direct to be erected and fee up, for discharging the Waters to Sea; and lastly, for widening, altering, repairing, and amending, Gunthorpe Sluice aforesaid, Tidgoat Sluice, and the several Bridges, Clows, and Sluices, in Shire Drain and Old South Eau, and scouring obt the Reservoir and Sands at the Outfall, from time to time, as Occasion shall require:

That the Commissioners of the several Districts be impowered to make such Drains, and erect such Mills, within their respective Districts, as they shall think proper for the better draining of the said several and respective

Vol. 26*

9*5

Districts; provided that neither the Drains so to be made, afford or Mills so to be erected, in any One District, lead or Level throw into any of the Drain or Drains that are hereby Corporation before proposed (to be appointed) to convey the Waters Debt#* of any other District into Shire Drain; and provided also, that no Mill, set up in any or either of the said Districts, be made to throw against more than Four Feet Head of Water.

APPENDIX, N° 2.

A State of the Revenues and Debt of the Corporation of* Bedford Levels, as the same stood at Lady-day 1752s with the Advantages which will accrue to the Creditors of the Corporation, and the Proprietors of the South and Middle Levels, by permitting the Proprietors of the North Level to be discharged of the Debt, in order to their making a Security for a sufficient Sum of Money, to be raised for their better draining on the Terms which have lately been pro-poled.

It appears, by the Books of the Corporation, That, at Lady-day 1666, the Corporation were Debtors to William then Earl, and afterwards Duke, of Bedford, for Money by him advanced to the Corporation, in the Sum of 32,116/. 13 s. 51 d. for which the Corporation executed a Bond to the Earl.

It also appears, by the said Books, That the Earl accepted the said Sum by Instalments at several Times, without Interest; and that the Whole thereof was not paid him till the 27 th of December 1707.

And a Calculation having been made of the Interest of the said Sum of 12,116/ 13J. $\d. to the several Times of Paymefit thereof, according to the Rate of Interest Money then bore, the same amounts to 19,705/.

7 s. 3 d. which the Earl forgave or remitted to the Corporation; it appearing, that the said principal Sum, and Interest to the several Times of Payment thereof, amounted to the said Sum of 19,705/. 7 s. 3 d. above all the Money paid to the Earl and his Executors on account thereof.

It also appears, by the Corporation Books, That the Duke afterwards advanced several other Sums to the Corporation, to be repaid out of the Rent payable by Sir Charles Orby; all which he also accepted without Interest; and, a Calculation of the Interest thereof having been made, it appears, that the Duke forgave or remitted co the Cor- . poration the further Sum of 446/. 6 j. on that account, making together, with the said Sum of 19,705/. 7 s. 3</. in the Whole 20,151 /. 13 s. 3 d. forgiven or remitted to the Corporation by the Duke; which would otherwise still have remained a Debt upon the Corporation 5 and the Whole of the Duke's Estate being in the North Level,. it may be looked upon as so much of the Corporation Debt discharged by the Proprietors of the North Level.

The yearly Taxes and Revenues arising to the Corpo* ration out of the South and Middle Levels, when the Cor-ration Lands are taxed at a Tax and One Fourth, which has been the usual Tax for several Years, £. j. d. amount to 5>537 0 7

And out of the North Level only to- 777 3 41

The whole yearly Revenue of the Corporation - - - - 6,314 3 ill

And at Lady-day 1728, notwithstanding the large Sum forgiven by the Duke of Bedford, the Corporation had contrafted several Debts*on their Bonds, £. s. d. amounting in the whole to - - 16,300 o o

And an Account having been taken from the Books of the Corporation, of all the Money which has been pro dueed by the Taxes and Revenues of the North Level, from the Year 1661, when the Incorporating Act of 15 Charles 2. was passed, to May 172when the Agreement between the Corporation and the Duke of Devonshire and Lord Lincoln was entered into; and of all the Money uC that*

by

1

15° Janu

r754-

Bedford that, during that Time, was laid out on the Works of the Corporation Level\ it appears that no more than the Sum of

Debts. 3,533/. 8 s. 3|</Jwas, during that Time, laid out on the Works of that Level, above what was received from the Revenues thereof; but great Part of the Corporation Accounts being very confused, this Account could not be taken with any great Certainty.

And the Agreement made by the Corporation with the Duke of Devonshire and Lord Lincoln, in 1728, charging the Interest of 2,000l. only on the Revenues of the North Level, as the only Part of the Corporation Debt which had been contracted for the Service of that Level, is an Evidence, That the Residue of the Corporation Debt was concradted for the Service of the other Levels; and the said 2,000l. being a Debt due to Wriotbefley late Duke of Bedford, was afterwards forgiven by his Will.

29th May *728. By Indenture between the Corporation of the One Parc, and the Duke of Devonshire, as Guardian to IVriothefley late Duke 01 Bedford, then a Minor, and the Earl of Lincoln, of the other Part:

Reciting, Thac the Duke of Devon, as Guardian to the Duke of Bedford, and Lord Lincoln, had the then last Summer laid out 3,400l. in several Works therein mentioned; which had tended greatly towards the Draining and Prefer vation of all the f states in the said North Level.

But that, by reason of the frequent Floods, and the Insufficiency of the Banks therein mentioned, the said Level had lately been, and was, subject to be drowned, and could not be effectually drained without such new Works as therein are mentioned; and that therefore the said Corporation had resolved to do such new Works, the Charge of which would amount at lead to 6,600l.

That the Duke of Devon, on behalf of the Duke of Bedford, and Lord Lincoln, had agreed, at the kcquest of the Corporation, to advance the said 6,60c/. for the Purposes aforesaid,inproportion to their respective Eftaces in the said Level.

And that the Corporation had agreed, That the Taxes, Revenues, and Rents, of the said North Leiv/only, should be made a Security for Repayment, as well of the said r 3,400l. already laid out, as aforesaid, as of the said

6,600l. to be laid out, with Interest, at 4/. per Cent.; and that the said Corporation were desirous, and had proposed, That the said Duke of Devon, during the Minority of the Duke or Bedford, and afterwards the Duke of Bedford, and the Earl of Lincoln, should not only have . the Direction and Disposal of the said 6,600l. in making the said new Works; but also the Direction, Management, and Difofal of the Taxes, Revenues, and Remsx of the said North Level\ to be employed in repairing and maintaining the Works of the said Level, and making such other Works as should be necessary, and for and towards Payment of the said principal Sums of 3,400l. and 6,600l. and fnterest till the same should be paid.

It is witnessed, That, in consideration of the Premises, and for the Purposes aforesaid, the Corporation did covenant with the Duke of Devon and Earl of Lincoln, Thac the said Duke and Earl, their Agents or Servants, during the Minority of the Duke of Bedford, and after he should have attained his Age, and confirmed this Agreement, for the said Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, their respective Heirs and Assigns, to take and receive from the Receiver General of the Corporation, the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, of the said North Level; and that 100l. per Annum, payable by the Heirs and Afligqs of Sir Charles Orby, should be esteemed as Part of the said Revenue.

Provided that the Receiver General should retain so much Money out of the said Taxes and Revenues, as should be sufficient to satisfy the Interest of 2,000l. borrowed by the said Corporation for the Service of the said Level:

That the said Taxes, Revenues, and Rents, should be applied by the said Dukes of Devon and Bedford, and Earl of Lincoln, to the Uses following; viz.

1. For repairing and maintaining all the Works of the said Level, and making and supporting such other Works as should be necessary for draining.

2. For satisfying the Interest, at 4/. per Cent, for the said 3,400l. and 6,6oo/. to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, respectively, according to their respective Proportions.

3. That they should retain and keep the Surplus towards Payment of the said principal Sums, in such Proportions, and by such Payments, as should be reasonable and convenient, untii the same should be fully paid off and satisfied.

Provided, That a just Account should be rendered to the Corporation at their General Aitdit yearly, not only of the Laying out of the said 6,600l. so agreed to be advanced for making the said Works; but also of the Application of the said Taxes, Revenues, and Rents, until the said principal Sums of 3,400l. and 6,60c/. and Interest should be fully p iid and satisfied; and after Satisfaction of the said principal Sums, and Interest, then the said Inden ure. and all the Covenants and Agreements therein, should cease and be void.

Provided, That if the said North Level, or any of the Works thereof, should become chargeable to the Corporation, that then the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, aforesaid, should, from the Time of its so becoming chargeable, return and belong to the Corporation.

In pursuance of this Agreement, the Duke of Devon,' as Guardian to the Duke of Bedford, and Lord Lincolnt laid out not only the said 6,600l. but also the further Sum of 1,786/. gs. 5Id. (which they submitted to the Loft of, and never brought into any Account) in the Works mentioned in the said Agreement, and passed their Accounts thereof with the Corporation; and the Dukes of Bedford and Lord Lincoln have ever since continued in Receipt of the Taxes and Revenues of the said North Level, and have every Year duly passed their Accounts thereof with the said Corporation; but being obliged by the said Agreement to apply the said Taxes and Revenues, in the First place, in Support of the Works of the said Level, and making such other Works as’should be necessary, and being liable to a Forfeiture of the Benefit of the said Agreement, if the said Level became chargeable to the Corporation, instead of receiving any Parc of their said Debt, a small Part of the Interest thereof has only been paid, so that, at Lady-day 1752, there remained due to the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln, on the Balance of their said Account, the Sum of 18,877/. 3 8d.

which, by the said Agreement, remains an absoluteCharge on the Revenues of the North Level.

In 1732, IVriothefley Duke of Bedford died; and by his Will forgave the Debt of 2,000l. (mentioned in the said Agreement) which was due to him from the Corporation; which reduced the general Debt, contracted by the Corporation before Lady-day 1728, to 14,300l. and as the Agreement of 1728 charges the Interest of the said Sum of 2,000l. on the North Level, as the only Part of the Corporation Debt which had been contradecl for the Service of that Level, the Land and Revenues of the North Level ought not to be charged with any Parc of the said Debt of 14,300l.

Since 1728 the Corporation have borrowed, on their Bonds, at 4/. perCent. the further Sum of 15,840/. all which has been taken up and applied for the Service of the Middle and South Levels, and no Parr thereof for the Service of the North Level, so that the Middle and South Levels only ought to stand charged therewith.

The North I^evel therefore ought to

stand charged only with the said £. s. d,

Debt of 18,877/. 3*. 8 d. under

the said Agreement of 1728 18,877 3 8

And the other Two Levels with the said other Debts of 14,300l. and 13,840/. making together - - 30,140 o o

The whole Debt of the Corporation,

at Lady-day 1752 - 49,017 3 8

Ever since the said Agreement in 1728, the North 1 Level has been, in a manner, separated from the other

Levels,

27 Geo. II.

25° Januariu

Levels, and under a separace and distinct Management subject only to an Account with the Corporation, and has f>ad no other Money laid out upon it than what has arisen from its own Revenues; and the said Level mud always continue separated, and underadifiinft Management from the other Levels, till the said 10,0^0/. and Inured shall be satisfied (which does not leem likely ever to be) unless the said Agreement shall be avoided

And as the Revenues of the North Level were, by the said Agreement in 17^8, made a particular Security to the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln for the said 10,000l. and Intered, the intered of the other Debts, as well the 14,300l. as the 15,840/. has ever since been, and ought to continue to be, paid out of the Revenues of the other. Levels; and if the Agreement with the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln shall be held good and valid, those Debts will remain a Burthen upon those Levels only, till the 10,000l. and Intered shall be paid off and satisfied; for if the Creditors, by Bond, should, for a Satisfaction of their Debts, exhaust any Part of the Revenues of the North Level, the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln would be entitled to Relief in a Court of Equity, and to have a Satislaction, pro lanto, out of the Revenues of the other Levels.

But supposing the Corporation had not sufficient Authority to make the said Agreement with the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln. and that the same may be avoided (which the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln, however disagreeablea Lifpote with the Corporation will be to them, mud attempt if they arc not ealed of the Burthen of it) what will then be the Consequtnce ? It cannot be denied but that the Corporation have Power to perform such Works as they shall ju<‘ge netessary for the draining, or preserving, of ary 1 art of the Great Le vel, and to contract and agree with, and employ, such Prrlonsas they shall thir k proper to pei orm those Works; and that their Lands and Revenues, in general, will be liable to the Payment of such Debts as they shall contract by that Means; and in the present Cafe, the Corporation, by the Agreement in 17138, requed, and contract and agree with, the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln, to perform particular Works therein mentioned, for certain Sims or Money, and make then; a particular Security for the Payment of the Money they faouki layout, with intered; but, lup-pofirg that Security mould be avoided, their Demands will become a Debt upon the C orporation Revenues in general, equal in Degree with their other Debts, the same having been contracted by performing the Corporation -works ui.der a Cor.tr (ft and Agreement with them.

It fern s therefore rtalbnable, That the North Level should be discharged from, or indemnified by the other Levels agai: ft, all the Debts of the Corporation, except the Debt comraded under the Agreement of 172b; but it is, under rhdt Agreement, liabl. to a Debt of 18,877/. 3 s. 8d near Two Fifths of the whole Debt of the Corporation, though its Revenues are not above One Eighth of the Corporation Revenues; and though so large a Debt has been contracted foi the Service of that Level, yet having many expensive Works b; longing to it, and fofmall a Revenue, the several Drains and Works are in so ruinous and bad a Condition, that, unless a large Sum of Money be speedily laid out on them, the Level will become entirely drowned and loft; and therefore the Level must become a Charge to the Corporation in general, unless some more ample Revenue is provided for the Support and Preserva-lion thereof5 and it is apprehended, that the whole taxable Lands of the Corporation are liable to the Support and Preservation of every Pait of the Great Level.

But the Proprieter^ of the Lands in the Noth Level are willing to raisea further Sum on themselves, for the Support and Preservation of their Drains and Works; and, as Porjand lies convenient to be drained with them, have proposed to join with the Proprietors of Porfand in one common Drainage; but to enable them to make Security for the Sums of Money they want to borrow for this Purpose, it is necctfary that the North Level be discharged of its present Debt.

VOL. 26*

And therefore the Proprietors of the North Level, Bedford though it plainly appears that they ought not to be charged ^cvcl . with any Part of the Corporation Debt, except the Debt which has been contracted under the Agreement erf 1728^ yet, in regard the DcbLof 14,300/ was contrasted during the Time the North Level was under the Tame Management with the other Levels, have proposed to pay off such Part of that Debt as is in proportion to their Taxes; vizi One Eighth-part thereof, which they propose to efltdbby Sale of a sufficient Part of their Taxes, and which Ones Eighth, together with the 2,000l. forgiven by the Duke? ot Bedford, is more than appears by the; Corporation!

Books to have been laid out omthe Works of'tb£ North Level, above what the Taxes of that Level have pro-' duced.

And the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln gencrously offer to forgive their Debt of 18,877/. 3*. 8d. contracted under the Agreement of 1728, so that the Proprietors of the other Levels, and the Creditors of the Corpora tun agree. That the No: tb Level be discharged from the Residue of the Corporation Dehts, and do not oppose the ^Proprietors of the North Level in carrying their Scheme and Proposals into Execution.

And upon these Terms also the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln propose ro surrender the Taxes and Revenues of the North Level to th£ Corpo ation, and it is proposed and intended, that the North Level. and the Taxes and Revenues thereof, shall return to, and continue under the Management and Government of, the Corporation, with this Rcstriction only, That the same be applied to the Service of the North Level only, and not to the Service of the other Levels; and that the North Level be not subject or liable to any future Debts of the Corporation; which is abfedutely necessary, as the Proprietors of the North Level intend to raise further Sums on themselves for draining their Level which would avail them very little, if the Corporation were left at liberty to apply the present Revenues of the Level to other Purposes.

But, in return, it is proposed. That no Part of the Revenues of the other Levels shall be applied to the Service of the North Level; and that the other Levels shall not be subject or liable to any Debts which shall be com-trafted for the Service of the North Level.

The Advantages which will accrue to the Corporation, and the Proprietors of the Middle and South Levels, by carrying these Proposals into Execution, are very manR fest; viz.

First, the Corporation and the other Levels will hereby be entirely freed from the Burthen of the North Level5 which, plainly appears, cannot be supported and preservd by its own Revenues.

Secondly, by yielding up One Eighth of the Revenues of the Corporation, they will be discharged of One Eighth of the Debt, the Intered of which has, ever since 1728, been paid out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, and must not only always so continue to be paid, but the Debt icfelf must also finally tail on those Two Levels only, unless the Debt charged on the North Level, by the Agreement of 1728, should be paid off; which is not likely ever to be; so that this is a clear Gain to the Proprietors of the other Levels.

Thirdly, the Corppration will be discharged of the said Debt of 18,877 /. 3 s. 8d. contracted under the said Agreement of 1728; which, if the Security by that Agreement should prove defective, will fall upon the Taxes and Revenues of the Corporation in general; and which, together with One Eighth of the other Debts, proposed to be discharged by the North Level, amounts to near One Half of the whole Debt of the Corporation, offered to be discharged by the Proprietors of the North Level, in consideration of having their Revenues, but One Eighth of the whole Revenues of the Corporation, discharged of the Residue of the Debt; a Propofalfovcry advantageous to the Proprietors of the other Levels, that it is not apprehended that any Objection can or will be made against ir.

Lastly,

pi8

250 — 28° JanuariU

-^1754*

Bedford Lastly, ft is proposed to restore the Taxes and Reve-

lry*! nues of the North Level (which ever since 1 28 have been Corporation under the Management of the Duke of Bedford and Lord Debt. Lincoln) to the Management of the Corporation, under the same Restrictions as the same are now under, of being applied to the Service of that Level only.

The Creditors of the Corporation will also have the same Advantages, by agreeing to these Proposals: r. For if the North Level (not being able to preserve ttfelf by its own Revenues) shall become a Burthen to the Corporation, large Sums mud be borrowed by the Corporation, and applied for the Preservation thereof; and as all the D^bts of the Corporation are on their Bonds, without any fjftcific Lien on any particular' Part 01 rheir Lands or Revenues, all their Debts mud be on an Equality, without having any Priority one of the other; but the Creditor that first sues, and gets iruo PoflTdfion, will be entitled to be f rft paid, whether his Debt is contracted first or lad; so chat any new Debt, which the Corporation shall be obliged to contract, will Hand in equal Degree with the present Creditors, and leflfen their Security.

2. With regard to the Creditors, One Eighth-pafrt of the general Debt before 1728 is proposed to be paid, in consideration of One Eighth-part of their Security being released from the Residue of the Debt: This, with regard to the Debt before 1728, is equal, those Creditors being hereby put into neither a better or worse State; and with regardtothofeCreditors,and the Creditorsfor the 15,840/. Debt, contrafted for the Service of the Middle and South levels since 1728, a Debt of 18,877 /. 3 s. 8 d. has since that Time been contyafted for the Service of the North Levels under a particular Security on the Revenues of that Level; which, supposing that Security valid, will (as apprehended) be inti tied to a Satisfaction out of the Revenues of that particular Level, before any other Creditor of the Corporation can have any Satisfaction thereout; but, supposing that Security should be set aside, the said Debt of 18,877/. 3/. 2d.wiilthen become a Debt on the Corporation in general, Handing in equal Degree, and intided to equal Satisfaction, with any other Debt of the Corporation. The Proposal therefore'to relcafe that Debt, in consideration of the Revenues of the North Level being released from the Residue of the Corporation Debts, is of infinite Advantage to the other Creditors.

For if that Debt has by its specific Lien, a Right to a Satisfaction, in the First place, out of the Revenues of the North Level, nothing will be taken from the other Creditors, as there is no Prospect of any Surplus.

But if that Security should be set aside, or the Duke of Bedford and Lord Lincoln should, by reason of the Inefficiency of the Revenues of the North Level, be intitled to a Satisfaction over on the Revenues of the other Levels, in such same the Creditors will, by this Proposal, have near One Half of the Debt discharged for a Releaft of One Eighth of their Security; which will greatly better their Security, and put them into a much better State and Condition than they now are.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level\ from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North LeveU Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North LeveU and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland: And that the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Legge, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Aidworthy Mr. Martin, and Mr. Matthew Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Canterbury A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by to Whitstable an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Road. Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the

Road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-tide at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Matthew Rob inf on, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Legge, Mr. Willes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. AUgood, Mr. King Dash-wood, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lyster, Colonel Holmes, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Kent, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Leveson Gower, M r. Finch, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Martin, Sir James Carnegie, Mr. Belchier,

Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. CampbellMr. Hunter, Lord Egmonti and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Suny, and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fletcher prefen ted to the Houft, according to Order, GUfgov a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effcctual, an Roads* Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue, Merchant, was Mourgue’i read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Tracey,

Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ker, Mr. CharL ton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Legge, Mr. Elliott,

Mr. Hardinge, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Willes,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Colleton, Sir ichard Wrottefley, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr.

Palmer, General Oglethorpe, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Row* ney, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. King Dashwood, Mr.

Kent, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Neale, Mr* Aldworth, Captain Saunders, Sir John Peachey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houft, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned rill Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunas, 28° die Januarii;

Anno 27* Georgii IldI Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

SIR Francis Drake reported from the Committee, to Mourgue' whom the Bill for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue, Mer- Nac. chant, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kemp’i for veiling the Estate of William Kemp Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, pursuant to Articles; and for applying the Purchase Money for the Benefit of the Children of the said William Kemp, in such manner as is directed by the fai<4 Articles^ was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thatthe Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Peter j

Thompson, Mr. Neale, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Comewall,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Powney,\Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

5 I

47 Geo. lL

4 8® januarin

9*9

Baker,

Mlley, Sir Prancis Poole, Mr. Mr. Elliott,

f/luSortbey, Sir tf'iV/wm Beaucbarkp Problor Mr. flrwgfc

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Townshend, M Mr. Sir

CordelFtrebrace, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mdvoorth, Mr. Hill, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Me, Colonel

Cornwallis, Mr. Martin, Mr Gybbon, Lord Mr.

jtllrood, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lascelles Mr. Richards, Mr. Bond, Sir John Peachey, Mr Rigby, Mr Alderman Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Finch, Mr. Pbtl- Mr. Marion, Mr. WMr. Pelham, Mr. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Fane, Sir Richard Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Sujfblk, and Essex: And they arc to meet this Aftcrnon at t ive of the Clocks in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Oswald repofred from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Donald and John for

themselves and others concerned in the Manufacture of Sail Cloth at the Ports of Greenock and Port was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as folio we th i viz.

An Act of the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also several Acts of the 4th and 23d Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were read.

By the Two first-mentioned Acts, a Bounty of Two Pence per Ell is granted on all Sail Cloth

exported as Merchandize, payable out of the additional Duty on foreign-made Sail Cloth imported:

That, the said Duty proving inefficient for that Purpose, it is, by the said Act of the 23d of his present Majesty, enacted, That the said Bounty should, after the First Day of June 1750, be paid out of such Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents;

Lord George Beauclerk, Marl et

*' Harl crou’

Mr.

Road.

Ordered, That Lord OJfory.

Lord Cansfort, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Felton Harvey,

Edward Montagu, Mr. Cor new all Mr Lord Henry Beauclerk, be added to the C'^Tittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the repairing and widening the Koad leading From Htr-

borough ,in the County of Leicesterthrough Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythorne, SpaA-wick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, is referred.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according to Bedford Order,a Bill for discharging the Corporation of the Gover- Level nor, Bailiffs.and Commonalty, of the Company of the Con-.-p^" 1 fervators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln: and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level,

to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation j and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level-, and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of And the

lame was received, and read the First time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved, That the Petition of I’bomas squire’s Squire, and also the Petition of Robert Lucas and Robert Debt to the StroenJ'on (which Were presented to the House upon Thurs- Crown* day the 20th Day of December last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That the said Petitions be

but no Pro v: fian is therein made for the Payment of the referred to the Cohsideration of a Committee of the whole

Bounty on Sail Cloth exported before that Period.

Mr. Oswald produced to your Committee several Debentures given by the Collectors of the said Ports of Greenock and Port Glasgow; from whence it appeared,

That the Petitioners had exported sundry Parcels of Sail Cloth from the said Ports, previous to the said First Day of June 17 50 , and that the Bounty thereupon amounts to die Sum of 1,358/. iu. io</.

And, by Certificates to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs from the Collectors of the said Ports, it appears, That they have no Money in their Hands applicable to the Payment of the said Debentures.

And Andrew Ccckran Esquire said, That, as the Importation of foreign Sail Cloth is now entirely cealed, there is no Prefpeft of the said Debentures ever being satisfied.

Ordered, That the iaid Report be referred to the Con-uderuuon ot a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mornina next, rdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House) to consider of the said Report.

House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said PetU

That the House may do therein

the

tions, gives his Consent, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to Consideration of a Committee of the whole House

Resolved That this House will, Tomorrow Mornina. resolve ltfelf into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Petitions. '

Se5r5fry at WLar Presented to the House, pursuant i to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 17 c, and n vided for by Parliament. 7 53> n0t Pr0i

Extra-extra- Ordinary Services.

And the Titie of the said Account was I he laid Account is as followeth j viz.

An ACCOUNT of Extraonllo,fySorvice3incnrrcdinthe year not provided for hv P,.!?.. —

f. d.

J°BrZCaU,*ld’ -°rlhe.EXpenCCS f carfyin8 on new Roads in North To Ditto, for repairing the old Roadsand Bridges' there* ' ' 7,£63 8 —

° " - JOO ___

<* ~ «"* Advance,'to~carry

To the Pay of his Affitlants for that Time 75 _ I ' ’ - - 8815 —

H»-----

Vol. 26.

n D

on

L830 j5

To

by

91,0

*8" Januarii.

A 1754.

To Mr. Dundai, for 355 Days Pay as CommiTTary of Stores in North Britain

To Mr. Robert Gardiner, for Necessaries furniftied by him for the Encampments at Fort George, Anno 1752, per General Churchill's Order - - - - 916101

To Ditto, for One Year’s Fire and Candle, and other Services of the Forces

in the Garrisons of Fort Widiam and Cajile Duart, to 24 December 1752- - 878 8 4

To One Year’s Fire and Candle futnished by the Barrack Matter General in North Britain to several Garrisons in the Highlands, to 24 December 1752 -

To General Churchill for To much expended by him for his Majesty’s Service in North Britain To satisfying the Contractors for supplying the Forces in Minorca with Salt Beef over and above the 6d. per Man, per Week, stopt from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contra ft - ..... -

To satisfy Ditto for Ditto for the odd Day in each Year, and Three Days for Leap Year, from the Day of Contracting, being Two Weeks Allowance -

To his Majesty’s Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished to the Garrison of Gibraltar To the Contractors for Victualling Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for Victualling as for Insurance, and all incidental Charges, to 24 December 17 53 ——

To George Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines, Csfr. provided for the Hospitals and Regiments at Minorca and Gibraltar, in the Year 1752 and 1743 -

To D\ for the Balance of Mr. Charles Gamier*s final Account, as Director of the Hospital in

Germany, to the 14th January 174! - - - - 68141

To Mr. Middleton, who fuecceded him, for the Balance of his final Account, as

D*. to 25 March 1748 ----- 91 10

To Mr. Cathcarty for maintaining and clothing several Orphan Children of Soldiers, who were killed or died in 1Flanders, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1752 ~ - > - - - 89 12 6

To Governor Tdrelawney, forlo much disbursed by him in carrying on a Settlement on the Musquito Shore, and for Presents to Indians - - 21573

To Governor Knowles, for the same Service r - - - 637 4 9

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishments of Colonel Lascelles's Regiment of Foot, from 25 December 1752 to 24 December 1753, both inclusive, being 365 Days To Benjamin Martyn, Esquire, for the Pay of the Prince George Scout Boat and Crew, from 28 May 1752 to 27 November following, and for Provisions for a Detachment from the Companies in

South Carolina - - - 205 12 10

To D°. for Provisions for a Detachment under the Command of Captain Demere,

at Frederica in Georgia, from 22 June to 24 December 1752 - - - 78210

To Ditto, for the Pay of the Prince George Scout Boat and Crew, from 28 November 1752 to 27 May 1753, and for Provisions for a Detachment from the Companies in South Carolina, and the Detachment under the Command 6f Captain Demere, at Frederica in Georgia, from 25 December 1752 to 24 June 1753 - 2851710

To Captain Benjamin Goldthwait, as a Recompence for his Expences in railing Two Companies in North America, employed in the Reduction of Lcuijbourg, and in the Defence of Nova Scotia - -

To Chauncey I'ownjhend Esquire, for supplying the Detachments of Artillery, at Newfoundland\ with Provisions to 23 June 1753 - - 757 15 6

To Ditto, for the Balance of his Account, ending the 24 December 1752, for victualling the Additional Men of Colonel Hopfon's Regiment of Foot, at Nova Scotia, pursuant to Contraft - - - 78 15 5

To Ditto, in Advance, according to the said Contraft, to enable him to keep a

sufficient Quantity of Provisions in Store for the said Service - - - 1,000-----

To Mr. George Douglas, for the Balance of his Account, Anno 1747, for hiring Waggons, and transporting Forage from Germany into the Low Countries -

To Mr. Matthew Woodford, for Provisions supplied to the New England auxiliary Recruits sent to Annapolis during the Jace War ——

To the Executors of the late George Wright, Commifiary o{ Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces in the North under the Command of Field Marshal Wade, in the Years 1745 and 1746, in Satisfaction and Discharge of the Balance of his Account, stated and allowed for that Time -To William Pimbrell and John Barlow, in full Satisfaction and all Demands for Rent of temporary Stables and Buildings for the Horse Guards near Buckingham Gate, for the Year* ending at Christmas 1753 ——

To Grass Money to General Cholmondeley\ Dragoons - - 236 5 —

To Ditto to General Howard's - 236 5 —

To Ditto to Lord Ancram’s ----- - 236 5 —

To Ditto to Lord Tyrawley\ - - - 236 5 —

Total - -

£ 4.

177 10 —

i>794 18 j

700 10 10

45°-----

2,*75-----

87 10 — 1,140 16 —

5,630 4 6 223 16 8

167 8 s

852 12 — 1,043 S 10

569 13 6

55° -

1,836 10 ri

461 5 3 1,25* 5

1,418 5 z

33° -

945 — - — 31,900 11 a

War Office, Jan. 28, 1754.

Ordered,

dford, &c. Reads.

|l<

rtf»

27 Geo. II.

2 8° Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, lb be perused by the Members of the House.

' Mr. Lambe reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Jfuton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, and for repairing the Roads from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford; and also another Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and making more effectual the said first-mentioned Act j whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town of Bedford; and also of the Merchants and principal Inhabitants of the said Town*, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said Counties of Hertford and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, GemLmen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and allb the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital BurgelTes, of the Borough of tligbam Ferrers, and other the Inhabitants thereof, and of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Northampton and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Leicejtet*, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, and of the Inhabitants, of the Towns of Uppingham, in the said County of Rutland, and of Wansford, in the said County of Northampton; whose Names are there underwritten; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton*, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesnion, and other Persons, of the several Towns of Nottingham, Melton Mowbray, Oakham, Uppingham, Rockingham, Kettering, and other Towns and Places in the several Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Bucks and Northampton, and likewise of fundryof Che principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the Towns of Newport Pagnel and Oulney, in the said County of Bucks, and of Kettering, and Wellingboroiigb, in the said County of Northampton, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves and several Hundreds others in the said Towns; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the several Towns of Newport Pagnel, Lathbury% Sherrington, and Chichley, in the County of Bucks , were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

An Act, p«uTed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, was read; whereby several Tolls and Powers were granted to Trustees for repairing the said Roads; which was to have Continuance for the Term of 21 Years from the lft Day of June 1727, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefikm of Parliament.

Then an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his im VOL. 26.

931

Majesty King George the First, inti:uled. An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads irom Luton to Saint. Albans, in the County of Hertford; was read; whereby the Powers granted by the said former Act were extended to the Roads from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, and were further continued from the Expiration of the said former Act for the further Term of 2 t Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Scflian of Parliament.

Then Mr. Richard Finch, Clerk to the said Trustees, being examined, said. That there was a Sum of Money due upon the Credit of the said Tolls; which canndc be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts be.continued and enlarged.

And Mr. John Homeward and Mr. William Clare', being severally examined, laid, That the Road from Bedford, through Bromham, and Chich 'ey, to the Way-poit in Sherrington Field, and from thence to Newport Pagnel, and from Bromham to Launden, are in.a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary CourfeofLaw:

That Sherrington Bridge is not pa liable with Carriages, being built only for Horses; and that the Wacer is so deep at lb me Times, That’tis impossible to pass with Carriages.

To prove the Allegations of the several Petitions of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Higham Ferrers, and other the Inhabitants thereof, and of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Northampton and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Town of Bedford, and also of the Merchants and principal Inhabitants of the said Towns, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said Counties of Hertford and Bedford\ whose; Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeho]derfy4?f the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; your Committee examined,

Mr. Daniel Wyman; who said he knows the Roac| from Westwood Gate, through Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to Barton Seagrave Lane* which is very bad and dangerous, and at some Times impassable, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom.

And Mr. Richard Finch gave the same Evidence in regard to the Road from Westwood Gate, to Higham Ferrers.

Then Mr. James Le Pla, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by the Two lait Witnesses,

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Allegations of the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Bucks and Northampton, and likewise of sundry of the principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the Towns of Newport Pagnel and Oulney, in the said County of Bucks, and of Kettering and Wellingborough, in the said County of Northampton, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds others in the said Towns.

And to prove the Allegations thereof,

AmbroJeDickins Esquire informed yourCornmittee.Thac the Towns of Kettering, Wellingborough, and Oulney, are large and populous Market Towns, and carry on a considerable Trade in heavy Goods to and from London: That the Roads mentioned in the Petition are very bad, being too narrow in several Places, and frequently overflowed in others; particularly, at Oulney; and not capable of being repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Which Evidence was confirmed by the Reverend Lbo-mas Holmes Clerk; who added, That the said Road was frequently overflowed at Sherrington Bridge.

10 To

28s Januarii. A. 1754.

Bedford* &c. To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Gentle-Aoadf« men, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the several Towns of Newport Pagnely Lathbury, Sherrington, and Chichley, in the County of iterfo,

Mr. Matthew Cowper and Mr. Thomas Holty being severally examined, informed your Committee, That they know the Road defrribed in the Petition:

That it will be a publick Advantage to repair Sherrington Bridge, and to bring the Road over the fame, through Lathbury Lane, and to stop up the Lane called Blackbird Lane, in the Parish of Chichley, the several Roads leading thereto being ruinous, and the Materials for repairing the same being at a great Distance; and that the Way through Lathbury Lane is the present Post Road, and much the nearest.

.And several Members present informed your Committee, That Sir Charles Chester, who is Owner of Blackbird Laney had given his Consent, That the said Lane should be (lopped up; and one of them produced to your Committee the Consent of the said Sir Charles under his Hand. Then your Committee proceeded to examine the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy ^Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Persons, of the several Towns of Nottingham, Melton Mowbray, Gkeham, Uppingham, Rockingham, Kettering, and other Towns and Places in the several Counties of Nottingham, Leicester,. Rutlandy and Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Mark Day said, That the Road described in the Petition is a Branch of the Post Road from many large Towns in the Counties of York, Nottingham, Leicester, Rutlandy and Northampton: "That the same is very bad, and in several Places too narrow, and in other Places subject to be overflowed in wet Seasons, so as to render it dangerous, to the great Interruption of Trade.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Henry Cole; who added. That the said Roads cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

And Mr. Le Pla informed your Committee, That several Persons had lost their Lives by the Overflowing of the Waters in the said Road.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Atfermoh, and Common Council, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leicester, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Leicester, Rutlandy and Northampton,

and of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Uppingham, in the said County of Rutlandy and of Wansford, in the said County of Northampton, whose Names are there under written, the Agents for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Robert Aujiin; who, being examined, said, That the Road from Leicester to Wansford is very bad and dangerous, and in many Places too narrow; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; which Evidence was confirmed by,

Mr. Reuben Parky as to that Part of the said Road which lies between Leicester and Uppingham; and by,

Mr. Thomas Booker, as to the Road leading from Uppingham to Wansford.

And to prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clprgy, and Inhabitants, of the City of Peter borough, in the County of Northampton, Mr. Thomas Booker informed your Committee, That the Road from the Town of Wansford to the City of Peterborough, through the Towns of Ailejworthy CaJlory and Longthorpe, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places too narrow for a Horseto pass a Carriage; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

And Mr. Aujlin, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Booker.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish o$ Kettering, through the Town of Welling-borough, in the County of Northampton, and through

Olney, over Sherrington Bridge; fco Newport Pagnely in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or, rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge: And that Mr.

Lowndesy the Earl of Upper OJfoiy, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from a Place called Saint Lloyds% in the Town of Bedford, through the* Parishes of Bromham and Chichley, to the Way-post in Sherrington Field, where the said Road joins the High Road from the Town of Olney, to the Town of Newport PagneT, and also the High Road from Bromham aforesaid, to the Town of Launden, other wise Lavenden, in the* Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying-Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or enlarging, Sherrington Bridge, in the Road, from the said Way-post to the said Town of Newport Pagnel: And that the Earl of Upper OJJory, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. William Leveson Gower, and Mr. Rigby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutlandy and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; And that Mr. Edward Finchy Sir John Rushout, the Lord Burghley, and Mr. Lambe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Upping* ham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton: And that the Lord Burghley, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Edward,

Finch, Mr. Wigfey, and Mr. Wrighte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford through the Town of Higham Ferrers, and over Attleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave.

Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Torke, of Higham Ferrers,

Colonel Mojlyn, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Lambe, and the,

Earl of Upper OJfory, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, Infcip’i a Bill to enable John Lade, heretofore called John Injkipy Na®e* and the Heis Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lade only, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, Clerkenw a Bill for the better enlightening and cleaning the open -.Street*. , Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and Passages, within the Parish of Saint James> Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish: And the same was received, and read the First time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Greatheed reported from the Committee, to whom lc:cp(U the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Mayor and Ai- CcveatJ dermen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, in &oad»j the County of the said City, and of the Mayor, Alder- 1

men, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, and of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the I

Road from the Borough of Leicjler, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of AJbby de la Zouch, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the

17 Geo. II. i8° — 190 Januarii.

933

Wiyj acid

Means.

Stratford upon Avosf Roads,

the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as so 1 lowerh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Edward Goodes was called; and, being examined, said, That the Towns of Coventry and Leicester, and the several otherTowns mentioned in the Petition, are Towns of great Trade and Intercourse; and that T ravellers would go more frequent through the fame, if the Roads were repaired and made good.

Francis Stratford Esquire, and Mr. Baxter, were called; 2nd, being severally examined, said, Thar, by ieafon of the cxccffive Weights carried on the said Roads, and the Badness of the Soil, they are become so deep and dangerous that Carriages cannot pass through the same in the \\ inter Season, and not without great difficulty in Summer; and that Part of the said Roads have been under an Indiftinent these Two Years past; and they further laid, That the Laws in bting are not sufficient to amend the fame.

And then the Act of the 26th Year of the Reign of Ms prdtnt Majesty (for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County) was read; wherein no Toll was imposed upon Carriages drawn by less than Four Horses; and that there was a Deficiency of One hundred Pounds in the Tolls of the last Year; and that the Persons, who propefed to advance Money on the Credit of the Tolls, refused on account of the said Omission.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Second Petition.

And, in Support of the Allegations thereof,

Francis Clarke Esquire, and Mr. Welton, were severally called; and, being examined, said. That they know the Road mentioned in the4aid Petition; and that it is very ruinous; and that the Laws in being (for repairing of Highways) are not sufficient to repair the fame.

Mr. Beardjhy, being called, confirmed the above Evidence in every Particular.

All the Wicneffcs, who were examined, gave Evidence, That the Roads are too narrow in many Parts.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednfday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means fqr raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.: . ;:

Mart is, 2 90 die 'Januarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754-

Prayers.

SIR Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcefttr, in the said County, and Feckenbam, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester; and from Alcester, through Greet Coughton and Crabbs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and chrough Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands on a Common called The Leekbay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester: And the lilpie was received, and read the First time.

Vox.. 26*

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second lime.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Glasgovr an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Roads his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing' several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fletcher,

Mr. Erskine, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Ker, Mr. Mediicotty Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. W ilk inf on, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Neale, Sir Francis Drake,\

Mr. Hayes, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Wilfcn, Mr. Looker Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Grcatbeed, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Townshend, Mi4. Finch, Mr.

Howard, Mr. Cocks, Lord Verney, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

A fleck, Mr. Caley, Sir Richard Wrotlefley, Sir William Beauchamp Pro ft or. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Humei Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Bridgman, Lord Trent bamand all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. .-

A Petition of Thomas Gibbons, George Arnold, Thomas Wei ton Green, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inclosure. in behalf of themselves and divers other Persons; OWners and Proprietors of Land apd Ground in the common Fields and Grounds within the Pafilb and Manof of Welton, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of a former Petition of these Petitioners’ against the Bill for intlofing and dividing the common Fields and Grounds within the said Parish and Manor of We'.ton-, which Petition was re* ferred to the Committee to whom the said Bill was cbrti-mitced; and setting forth, That the Petitioners' being by the Rules of the House (which the# \vcre ignorant or) only at Liberty to be heard Against particular Clauses in the said Bill, the Petitioners were ‘prevented from offering their Reasons against the said Bill; and alleging,

That the said Bill, if it should pass into a Law, Will greatly affect and injure the Petitioners in their several Properties: 'And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, agaimt the said Bill, or bavq such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet. ! ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie*upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit. , \ J

Ordered, That, Counsel be admitted to be hearef it the same time, in favbur of the said BiII against /the said Petition. . \ . X.J, ;*?

Ordered, That-the said Bill ‘b^'fead ‘the Thitd‘;tirrle upon Monday Morning.next. , V Iff >l

A Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and ciockmakera Abuses committccLby Peiffons erngjpy$d in the Manofae* Journeymen, ture of Clocks arief Watches, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Calvert, Lord OJfory, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Powney, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. A fleck, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Medlicott,

Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Richards, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fleteber,

Sir William Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr Reynolds, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Bridgman, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Earle,

Sir Peter Thcmpfon, Mr Hay, Mr Ker, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Foncreau, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Rowney, Lord Strange,

Sir Richard Wrotteftey, Mr. Torke, Mr. Craven, Mr.

Leveson Gower, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr. Lambe, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Ord, Mr. Brand, Lord Verney, Sir John Peachey, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Townsend; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

11 E Mr.

Googh

Alloa

Harbour.

Litchfield

Election.

934 ' 290 Januaru. 1754.

Mr. Erskine presented to the House, according to Order, a Hill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Alp and Beer brewed for Sale, vended or sold, within the Town and Barony of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan; and also a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town; for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Rt/olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Henry Vernon Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Litchfield;

The Counsel were called in.

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to disqualify Seventeen Freemen of the said City, who voted at the said Election for Sir Thomas Grefley y the late fitting Member, as receiving Alms; and also Twenty-six other Freemen of the said City, who voted for the said Sir Thomas Grefley, as having been fraudulently rated; and also Seven other Persons, who voted for the said Sir Thomas Grefley, as receiving Alms; and also Seven other Freemen of the said City, who voted for the said Sir Thomas Grefley, as not having been regularly inrolled; and also Eleven Freeholders of the said City, who voted for the said Sir Thomas Grefley, though they were not rated to the Land Ta* J and also Seven other Freeholders of the said City, who voted for the said Sir Thomas Grefley, as having voted for Parts of Burgage Tenements, for which ocher Persons voted at the said Election; ’

And having also proposed to add to the Poll of the Petitioner Seventeen Freemen of the said City, whole Names, the said Counsel alleged, were left out of the Rates on purpose to disqualify the said Freemen from voting at the said Election;

The said Counsel infilled. That the Votes of the said several Persons whom they proposed to disqualify, being deducted from the Poll of the said Sir Thomas Grefley, and the Votes of the said Seventeen Freemen, last mentioned, being added to the Petitioner’s Poll, the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes.

And the said Counsel having offered to produce Evidence, in order to disqualify Persons who had voted for the said Sir Thomas Grefley;

The Counsel on the other Side admitted the several Objections made by the Counsel for the Petitioner to the Votes of the said several Persons, whom the Counsel for the Petitioner had proposed to disqualify; and also admitted the Votes of the said Seventeen Freemen proposed to be added to the Petitioner’s Poll; and acquainted the House, That he was indrafted to give the House no further Trouble.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Sir Thomas Grefley Baronet, deceasrd, was duly, eltfted a Citizen to serve in this prefenc Parliament for the Cuv of Litchfield;

It passed in the Negative.

Re/blvedy That Henry Vernon Esquire is duly elected ’a Citizen to serve in chis present Parliament for the City’ of Litchfield.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, to amend the Return for the City of Litchfield, by rafing out the Name of Sir Thomas Grefley Baronet, and inferring the Name of Henry Vernoji Esquire instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. John Barkery who was ordered to attend this House this Day, be discharged from any farther Attendance.

Ordered, That the Orders made upon Thursday lad, for the Attendance, upon Thursday next, of William Brooksy Sheriff of the City and County of the City of Litchfield, and of Edward Reppington Esquire, senior.

Bailiff of the City of Litchfield, be discharged.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Squire’s whole House, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Squire, to

and also of the Petition of Robert Lucas and Robert ^rown’ Steven/on.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fellowes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his, Majesty’s Ex-. chequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenson, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties.

And Mr. Fellowes moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with.

Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Steven/on, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties: And that Mr. Fellowes, the Lord Carysfort, Mr. West, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. James Grenville, from the Commissioners for Trade Colony of and Plantations, prefehted to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

An Estimateof the Charges, of the civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June x 753, to the 24th of June 1754.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

1

1

t

2p° januarii.

27 Geo. IL

935

An E S T I M AT E of the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of Jane 1753 to the 24th of June 1754.

To the Salaries of the President, Court of Assistants* Bailiffs of the Town Court, and other civil Officers, rstablished in the Colony -

To the Allowance to the Minister of the Church of England established at Savannah -To the Salaries of Two Schoolmasters, One at Savannah, and One at Vernonburgh and Acton -

To an Allowance for the Relief of the Poor and Sick, and to an Apothecary to dispense the Medicines -

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands ——

To the Expence of repairing the publick Buildings, entertaining the Indians, and other incidental Expences -

To the Salary of the Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony

To a Continuance of the Provisions made by the late Trustees for purchasing, from the Growers, the Bails or Cocoons of raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of that Commodity ——

620

74

3*

70

5°

435 3 SO

t,666

L

2,6 32

Jr. d.

3 4

6 8

Ordered, That she said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Whitechapel Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the poor, &c. Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Mat* felon, otherwise White Chapel, in the County of Middlesext the Liberty of the Tower of London, and Part of the City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read, and is as followeth; viz. In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Alexander Boulton Esquire said. That White Chapel is a very extensive and populous Parish, and maintains be-rween Four and Five hundred poor Persons, at the annual Expence of Two thousand Pounds and upwards; many of whom are able and willing to work if they could have Employment:

That if a Workhouse was erected, under proper Regulations, for the Reception of such poor Persons, there are various Manufactures carried on in the Neighbourhood, in which many of them might be employed; which would greatly reduce the Pbor’s Rates for the future: That the Parish Officers have not proper Powers to oblige the Inhabitants to repair the Highways, and to contribute sufficiently cowards the cleansing, enlightening, and watching, the Streets; which is the Occasion of frequent Robberies and Outrages being committed:

That if the Vestry were enabled to make Rates for the Purposes aforesaid; and if such Rates, together with the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, were put under One Collection, it would be a considerable Saving to the Parish.

Mr. Joseph Gwyne, Constable, said, That no more than Fourteen Watchmen are employed in the-whoje Parish at present.

Mr. Hboyts and Mr. Cope confirmed Mr. Boulton's Evidence, as to the Utility of such a Regulation, and as to the Advantage that would accrue therefrom to the Parish; and added, That such -Regulation was the general Desire of the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual enabling the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise White Chapel\ in the County of Middlesex, the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and Part of the City of London, to purchase, Aire, or ercCV, a Workhouse for the employing and main-Vol. 26.

taining the Poor of the said Parish; and for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, and other Passages* regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and repairing the Highways, in the said Parish: And that Mr, Chokr>

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir William Calvert, and Mr. Alderman Bethell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

OrderedThat Sir Charles Mordauni have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Minister and principal inhabitants Lelceftef to of the Parish of Kenilworth, in the County of Warwick*. Coventry* together with many other principal Inhabitants of Roadl% Milbourn, Cryfield, and Canky, in the County,

whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; taking Hocice, that Petition has been presented to the House for a Bill toereft certain Turnpikes from Leicester, through the City of Coventry, to the Town of Warwick; and that the Turnpike Road, from the said City to the said Town of Warwick) is intended to be directed through a Road known by the Name of the Stone’eigh Roafl\ and ajkging, That the said Stoneleigh Road is in many Parts extremely narrow and incommodious, ~nd by the sudden Rife of Water frequently rendered impassable; and that the Road leading from the City of Coventry, through the Town of KeniU worth, to Warwick, is but One Furlong and Twenty-Jive Perches more in Extent than the said Stoneleigh Road, and is wide, and spacious, and affords a Sufficiency of good Materials for repairing the fame: And therefore praying.

That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the said Turnpike may be directed through the said Town of Kenilworth, and not by the Way of Stoneleigh’\ and* that the Petitioners may have such other Advantages from the said Bill as to the House shall farm meet

Ordered, That the Report made Yesterday fiom the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentfemen*

Clergy, and Mayor and Aldermen, and other Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, in the County of the said City; and of the Mayor, Aldermen and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester; and of the Trusteep for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reigrt of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester y in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch> *n the said County, whose Names are thereunto (ubfecibed-j and ;also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and prin-« cipal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick* were severally referred; be recommitted.

Ordered


Dr. Wilson thanked.

936

29* — 31°

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Two last-memioned Petitions were referred.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Minister and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Kenilworth, u\ the County of Warwick, together with many other principal Inhabitants of Milbourne, Cry field, and Canley, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed (this Day prclented to the House) be referred to the Consideranon of the said Committee; and that they do examine the Mai ter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 31* die Januarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754. Prayers.

/JRDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Christopher Wilson, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Comptroller, and Sir Thomas Robinson, do acquaint him therewith.

A- r754-

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown artending, according to Order, amended the Return for the City of Litchfield.

The House being informed, That Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5rh Day of January 1754, of the Surplus on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the'5th Day of January 1754, of the Surplus of the Funds for Lorccry 1714, after fatibfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And a’so.

An Account of the Montes that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1754, of the Surplus of the Duty on Coals lince the 25th of March 1719, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And also,

An Account of Exchequer Bills (landing out, in pursuance of an Act of the Tenth Year or his Majesty’s Reign, and charged upon the Duty on Sweets: And also. An Account of the net Money paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer of the Duty on Sweets, for Seven Years last past.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1754, of the Surplus on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, after satisfying all Charges , and Incumbrances thereupon, the Sum of Thirty-two thousand Six hundred Fifty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence; viz.

jr.

Income the 5th January 1754 - -- -- - 41,287 s 7

Charge at D°. viz.

To satisfy the Annuity due to the Bank of England, at £3. 10s. 0 d. per Centum

per Annum, on the principal Sum of £986,800. for One Quarter, due at D" 8,634 >° —

In Cash, the 5th January 1754 - - - - £ 32,652 15 7

Exchequer,

the 31st Day of January 1754. Robert Jennings,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1754, of the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrance* thereupon, the Sum of Thirty thousand One hundred Ninety-five Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence Half-penny j viz.

Out of Duty on Paper -Duty on Coals exported Additional Duty on Soap

Income on the 5th of January 1754 -

Charge at D*. viz.

To satisfy the Annuity due to the Bank of England, at £.3. ioj. od. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of£ 1,250,000. for One Quarter, due at D*

In Cash the jth January 1754 -

Exchequer,

the 31st Day of January 1754* Robert Jennings.

s. d

I 1,080 5 Si

10,037 5 - I /*

20,01 J 2 5

41,132 J3 6i

10,937 10 —

30,195 3

Lite1! fieri

Election.

Surplus Duties on Spirit*^ ice.

27 Geo. II. 310 ycinuarii. 937

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

AN Account of the Monies that remained in the1 Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1754, of the Surplus of the Duty on Coals since the 15th of March 1719, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Five Hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence Half-penny , viz.

£- d.

Income the 5th January 1754. ----- 54,187 7 9'-

Charge at D* viz.

To satisfy the Anouity due to the Bank of England, at 3/. ior. od. Centum Annum,

on the principal Sum of 1,750,000l. for Half a Year, due at D* - - - 30,625 o o

In Calli the 5th January 1754,

Exchequer, the 31st Day of January 17 54.

Robert Jamings.

*3»5<2 7 9*

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

AN Account of Exchequer Bills Handing out, which were issued in pursuance of an Act of the 10th Year of his Majesty's Reign, and charged upon the Duty on Sweets, amounts to the Sum of Four hundred Ninety-nine thousand Six hundred Pounds ----- £. 499,600. o. o.

Exchequer, the 31st Day of January 1754,

Robert Jennings.

-n

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

AN Account of the net Money paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on the Duty on Sweets, for Seven Years last past, amounts to the Sum of Twenty-five Thousand Three hundred Forty-seven Pounds Eight Pence Half-penny viz.

One Quarter, from Christmas 1746 to Lady-day 1747 Half a Year, from Lady-day 1747 to Michaelmas 1747 -One Year, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1748 D° — from Michaelmas 1748 to Michaelmas 1749 -D* — from Michaelmas 1749 to Michaelmas 1750 -D° — from Michaelmas 1750 to Michael 1751 -

D° — from Michaelmas 1751 to Michae 1752 -

D° — from Michaelmas 17 52 to Michael 17 53 -

One Quarter, from Michaelmas 1753 to Christmas 1754 -

£ s.

- 318 8

578 19 2

- 1,201 8 8

1,626 9 10

- 2,453 17

- 3,250 5 6£

- 5,182 17 ioi

- 8,370 5 6

- 2,364 12 7

Exchequer, the 31st Day of January 1754.

Robert Jamings.

£ 25»347 o 9k

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Application The House being informed, That Mr. Home, from

of Derwent- the Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, attended at the water n r ’

fcftatea. Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the t voterEstate, between the lft December 1752 and 30th

November 1753, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Report was read.

The laid Report is as followeth j viz.

29th January 1753.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, pafl*ed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe,

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, respectively.

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth:

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the ift December 1752 and the 30th November 1753, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estatej viz.

On account of the annual Rents - -

On account of the l>ead Mines -

On account of die Timber sold by the Court of Exchequer - - r -

£ d.

5.779 3 9 2.265 15 9$ 990 o o

II F

<£ 9»°34 19 5* As

Vol. 26.

938 31" Jamarii.' lA, 1754;

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

King Charles's Building.

Taking off the Tiling, and repairing the Roof and Gutters, and new-tiling the Roof again.

In King William's Building.

Putting up Iron Doors and Shutters to a Room for keeping the Hospital Deeds and Writings safe from Fire,

In Queen Anne's Building.

Fitting up a Third Captain’s Apartment, and fitting Cellars for Store Coals for the Use of the Wards.

In Queen Mary's Building.

w Furnishing Cabins For 68 Men and Nurses, on the North End'of the East Building, One Pair of Stairs.

In Out Works.

Paving between the East and West Gates; making a Gravel Walk round the Building; putting Steps between the Colonades; and Stone Balluftrade to the West Colonade; putting up Posts and Chain, and lowing Grass Seeds in the Great Square, and between the Colonades; putting up Gates to the West Entrance of the Hospital; building a new Granary, and making an additional Building to the Brewhouse, for a Store Cellar for Beer and Coolers; making a Drain on Blackheath for collecting and conveying Water for the Service of the Hospital: All which Works have been done, and brought to Account; and amount to the Sum of Four thou- £. s. d. land arid Forty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence - - - 4,042 15 10

The ordinary Works done this Year in keeping the Building and Roads in Repair, and other necessary Works for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of One Thousand Four hundred Thirty-eight Pounds and Eight Pence - - - - M3 8 0 8

£.5,480 16 6

Note: There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Rents and -

Profits of the Estate, between ift December 1752 and the 30th November 1753, on account Sm

of Repairs - 204 18 8

By Order of the Commissioners, ~ -

Rd. Horne.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Deficiency of Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of

Me of Ton- Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and

nage. Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities,

by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne, and the 6th of King George the ift, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the jth Day of January last 1754.

Pierce-bndge, ScC. Road.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Hud-hoe Lane End, in the faief County; and for making the same more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Pierce-bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudboe Lane End, in the said County; and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Colonel Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kettering, Mr. Lowndes* prefen ted to the House, according to

See. Road. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll-gate in the Parish of Ketterings through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport. Pagnel, in the County of Bucks^ and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington Bridge: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second'time.

Bedford, &c. The Earl of Upper Offory presented to the House, ac-Roads. cording to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from a Place called Saint Loyds, in the Town of Bedford, through the Parishes of Brombam and

Chichley, to the Way-post in Sherrington Field, where the said Road joins the High Road from the said Town of Olney, to the Town: of Newport Pagnel; and' also the High Road from Brombam aforesaid, to th^ Town of Launden, otherwise Lavenden,\ n the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying Parc of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or enlarging, Sherrington Bridge, in the Road from the said Way-post to the said Town of Newport Pagnel: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Torke, of Higham Ferrers, presented to the House, Westwood according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Gate,&c. High Road from Westwood Gate, in the Parish of Knot- Road* ting, in the County of Bedford, through the Town of Higham Ferrers, and over Artlebcrough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Hrentham reported from the Committee, to Litchfield whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Roads. Nand other Inhabitants, of the dity o(Litchfield, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matrer of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s T4ble:

Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from CannalsGate, through the City of Litchfield and Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, and from Burton upon Trent, through Litchfield, ^nd to Wood End and Ogley Hay, and from Ulcbfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, was read; whereby several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads, and which were to commence from the First Day of May 1729,. and continue for Twenty-one Years.

And

27 Geo. II. 31® Januarii — f Februariu

And an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year* of his present Majesty’s Reign, was also read; whereby the said Term was further continued Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and the Tolls and Powers contained in the said former Act were, during the Continuance of the said Acts, extended by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty to the Roads from Colejhill to Carmals Gale, and from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chester.

And by the said first-mentioned Act it was enacted; That the Tolls collected between Cannals Gate and the End of the County of Stafford, and that the Tolls collected between Burton upon Trent to Wood End and Ogley Hay, and that the Toils collected between Litchfield and High Bridges, should be applied in repairing of the said Roads respectively.

Mr. Anthony Jackson said. That the Road from Litchfield to High Bridges hath been completely repaired, and may be kept in Repair for a less Sum than is collected on the said Road:

That several Parts of the other Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired unless some further ProviGpn be made for that Purpose.

Mr. Michael Mayo and Mr. Ihontas Reynolds confirmed the said Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Seventeenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from CoIeJhiil> in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of CheJ-ter, and several other Roqds in the said Acts mentioned: And that the Lord Trentham and Mr. Levejon Gower do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Veneris, i° die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754.

Prayers. '

THE -House,. being informed, That Mr. Jennings, Deficiency of from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Sub~

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ^ieesofTon* House, pursuant to their Order, n

An Account of the Deficiency of the Half Su^fidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the 6tK of QueenVw and the 6th of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the 5th of January 1754.

And then he withdrew. ‘

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens,.and Burgesses* in Parliament assembfod,

AN Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Arne and the 6th of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupdn, to the 5th of January 1754, amounts to the Sum of Sixty-one thousand Five hundred and Five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing - £. 61,505 19 9! Exchequer, the First Day of February 1754.

Robert Jennings.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table*

to be perused by the Members of the House; ’

A Bill for the better preventing of the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refovcd, Thatthis House will, upon MWtly Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Debt

The Lord Cayysfort presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenson, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

uc’s An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue, Merchant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue, Merchant.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake do carry the Bill to the Lords, aiyl desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Donald and John Steven-Jon, for themselves and others concerned in the Manufacture of bail Cloth at the Ports of Greenock and Port GlaJ-gow, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Yol. 26.

The Lord Burleigh presented to the House, according Leicester to to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road froth Uppingham the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Road*

Town of Uppingham, in the: County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton, and’from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable John Lade, heretofore called John in/kip’s In/kip, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use Name.

.the Surname of Lade only, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sergijon, Mr. Cooke,

Lord Carysjort, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Colleton, Mf;

Latnbe', Mr Gray, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Prowje, Sir Charles M or daunt,

Mr. Caley, Mr. Elliott, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Wilkinjon,

Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Levejon Gower,

Mr. Lyttleton, Mu Pelham, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, General Onslow, Mr, Amyand, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Rowney,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Kent, and Surry, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee to whom Market Har-the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act: of Par- borough liament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Road* his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Dejborough, Rowell,

Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bytborne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Bramptmy in the County

Googh

I ° Feiruam.

94°

County of Huntingdon, was referred; That the Committee had examituS the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared ta them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same was read, and is as fofloweth j viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Part of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Lei-cesser, through Dejborough, Rowell, Kittering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read; whereby several Powers were given to the Commissioners therein named to erect Turnpikes and Side-gates on any Part of the said Road, and to divert and turn the said Road as they should think most convenient.

Mark Day, Surveyor to the Trustees for the Division between Market Harborough and Thrapston, said. That the said T ruftccs, by virtue of the said Act, have turned the Road which leads from Market Harborough aforesaid, ovtvChain Bridge, through the Turnpike upon the Northampton Road, into Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, over Clack Hill, towards Dejborough aforesaid, and have carried the same from Market Harborough aforesaid, through a Lane there called St. Mary s Lane, in Market Harborough aforesaid, along Part of the Road there leading towards Saint Mary's Bridge, near Market Harborough aforesaid, over the Welland River, through a Lane called The Church Lane, into Little Bowden aforesaid, where it comes into the said old Road, leading over Clack Hill towards Dejborough aforesaid.

And he produced a Book of the Trustees 5 and an Order therein was read for erecting a Turnpike between St. Mary's Lane and St, Mary's Bridge; and said. That the said Turnpike was erected accordingly.

Benjamin Chapman produced a Warrant, signed by the Commissioners, for taking Toll at the said Turnpike; and said, That Toll had been taken in pursuance of chat Order for about Fourteen Months.

John Smith, Keeper of the Market Harborough Turnpike Gate, in the Road leading to Northampton, was examined; and said, That if the said Turnpike between St. Mary's Lane and Si. Mary's Bridge was removed, it would very much prejudice the Market Harborough Turnpike.

And, being asked if he had made any Computation what the Loss would be, he said he had; and believed it would be between 40 /. and 50 /. per Annum; and said. That, before the Turnpike on the new Road was erected, Horsesand Cattle used to avoid the Gate by going through Little Bowden; and that thereupon he complained to the Commissioners, who ordered a Gate to be erected at that Place.

Mr John Dexter, Clerk to the Trustees for the Division between Market Harborough and Thrapston, being examined, said, That 4,000l. had been borrowed on the Credit of the T oils arising on that Part of the Road lying between Market Harborough and Thrapston; and that, if the said Turnpike between St. Mary's Lane and St. Mary's Bridge was taken down, it would leflfen the Tolls so much, that they should not be able to borrow Money sufficient to finish the Road, nor to pay the Money already borrowed, and Interest for the fame.

And, being asked whether, if the Gate was put in any other Place, they could have borrowed so much Money, said, he apprehended they could not; because the Country is so open, and there are so many Outlets, that they could not have fixed the Turnpike any-where so commodious to prevent Persons avoiding the Payment of the Toll.

Mr. "Thomas Thong, Clerk to the Trustees for the Division between Thrapston and Brampton Pound, being examined, said, That he was present at the First Meeting of the Commissioners, as Clerk; when an Order was made for erecting a Turnpike between «9/. Mary's Lane and S/. Mary's Bridge near Harborough.

A. 1754.

And, being asked whether any Objections were made it that Meeting to the erecting the said Turnpike, he said there was none; and that all the Commissioners present were unanimous in that Order; and that there was an Order made also at that Meeting for borrowing 7,000l. on the Credit of the whole Toll; 4,000 /. for One Division, and 3,000l. for the other \ which was boriowed accordingly.

Mr. Robert Nurjey, being examined, said. That he knows both the old and new Road, and thinks the new Road to be the moll convenient.

And, being asked whether the new Road interfered with the Northampton Turnpike, said it did not; but if ic had gone the old Way it would; and further said. That no Gate could be erected any-where so commodious as the present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill forex-plaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s R eign, for % repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Dejborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythorne, Spaldwick and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon: And that Mr.

Knight ley, Mr. Fellowes, and the Lord Carysfort, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the open cierkcnwei Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and Paf- Street*, sages, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Ker,

Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. KmgbtJey,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Sir Richard Wrottejley, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Nor they. Sir Francis Drake, Sir William Beauchamp P roll or, Mr. Locke, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Thornbagk,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Lord Strange, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Hume, Colonel Haldane,

Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Colebroeke, Lord Digby,

Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Trentbam, Sir Robert Long,

Sir William Calvert, Mr. Barber, Mr. Wilson, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Warbkrton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Kent, Mr. Richards, Sir John Barrington,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Greatbeed, Lord Dupplin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry,

Kent, Essex, and Hertford, and for the City of London:

And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom UckfidtUc. the Bril for amending, widening, and keeping in Roid. Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of We/lbam, in the faitl County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same ro be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; ana then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered%

27 Geo. IL i° — 40 Fe 941

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment^ be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read 5 Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 27° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

THE Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Estimate of executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Navy Debt. Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy on the 31st December 1753.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read;

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

y0L. 26*

xt G - Kavy

94i

Na

23^ January 1754.,

40 Februarii.

of the Debt of his Maj rioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1753.

A. 1754.

Navy-Office, '} An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter men* 3

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, &c. supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Att of Parliament on Naval Stores - For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1753* as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf

Seamen’s Wages:

Due, to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1753 -

To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea, &V.

Victualling Debt; as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for ffiort Allowance-to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course - For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 3 111 December 1753 -

For necessary Money, exti a-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, a % per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty’sShips at the severalPorts; and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Two hundred Eighty-nine thousand One hundred Eighty-two Pounds and Six Pence -

From whence deducting the Money in the!

Treasurers Hands - - { -

And also the Money that remained to come fas on the other Side. -in of the Supplies of the Year J

The Debt will then be One million One hundred Thirty-two thousand One hundred and Six Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Farthings -

N. B. In this Debt is included Bills, registered for carrying on the Building of the Royal Hospital at Hajler, amounting to

For which Sum of £.9,897. i8j. 10d. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be One million One hundred Twenty-two thousand Two hundred and Eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings

Particulars.

£ s. d.

423.544 14 6

51.750 17 3

60,624 1 \ 6

147.473 0 0

41.782 11 7

106,315 19 2

244,121 0 0

15.6*1 0 6

13,089 13 3

157.7*7 14 9

7.161 12 11

*>557 lS 7

9,808 0 5

84.73» 1 3i

72,344 1 a 2

l-

TOT.A L.

jr. s. d.

725,175 4 10

366,057 19 9

189.344 16 11

8,603 19 1


1,289,182 o 6 ,57>°75 '2 Si

1,132,106 7 oi

9,897 18 10

1,122,208 8 2f

S. Mojlyn, R. OJborn,

JoJ. Min,

G. Adams,

Dan. Devert, Edward Falkingham.

Memorandum:

r*

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, o- the 31 fl December 1753, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the N.tvyj

o

o

leg.

FT

On the ITiuls of

In what Treasurcfs Hand*. In Money. Wear and Tear, 0-din;*ry and Transpoits. Ser,men’s W.i^es. Victuals, TOTAL.

£. s. d. £ S. d. ' £ d. £. s.

Right Honourable Sir John Rujbout Baronet. (In Money ----- ID*, towards the Debt for sick and hurt Seamen - - 7,816 4 3* 193 636 2 61 10 8 1.827 19 *? -Ii 10,493 17 1

Right Honourable George Dodington Esquire. fin Money ----- \ D°, towards the Debt for sick and hurt Seamen - - 6,174 it ii 3,577 82a 5 4i 5 207 12 m 1 °«779 »4 9i

Right Honourable Henry Legge Esquire. In Money - - (D% towards the Debt for Sick and hurt Seamen - - 24.776 x 61 3o»d96 2,005 13 I Hi 6,27$11 -1 63.457 9 3i

I 38,766 18 11 37.648 18 iof *.3*5 3 5» 1 84.731 1 3i

o

r

6 '

3.-

There remained, on 31st December lad, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1753

- £-72>344- iar. id.


VO

4*

27 Geo. II.

S slford Canal.

Rochdale

Road.

Ketterine, Ice. Road.

944 40 Februar 1754.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, inhabiting within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also the Petition of several Hatters, Dyers, Brew’ers, Whitfters, Calenderers, and other Manufacturers and Traders, within or near the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in' behalf of themselves, and all other the Manufacturers and Traders within the said Towns and Parts adjacent; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Samuel Horridge said. That the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester, Saford, and Places adjacent, con-fume great Quantities of Coals and other Fuel, all which are brought by Land Carriage; and that no Coals are used in Manchester, but what must be brought Four Miles, and some 10 Miles; the Carriage whereof is a greater Expence than the prime Cost of the Coals.

Mr. 'Taylor said, That he had taken a Level and that a Channel may be made from Salford to within Half a Mile of Wigan, and supplied with W ater from the River Irwell, sufficicnc for the Floating of Vessels, without the lead Prejudice to the Navigation of the said River, as the Water will run into the River again before the Navigation begins:

Thar, by means of this Channel, the Carriage of Coals and Manufactures of all Sorts will be greatly facilitated to and from the said Towns and Places adjacent, and also tendered less expensive by one half than at present.

Robert Gibson said, That he assisted in taking the Level for the said Channel; and, being asked if he thought it practicable to make the Channel in the Manner proposed, he said he did, as the Fall from the River is so great that the Channel may be filled, and constantly supplied with Water, without any Difficulty.

Mr. Ege ton, Guardian to the Duke of Bridgewater, informed your Committee, That he consents to the making a Channel, as proposed, as he thinks it will be of Advantage to his Grace, through whose Lands it is intended to be carried.

And Mr. Taylor said, That the Proprietors of the greatest Part of the Lands, through which such Channel is proposed to be carried, have already given their Contents thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Channel from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to the Town of Leigh, and from thence to or near the Town of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and performing all other WTorks relating the reto: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Warburton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town o {Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll-gate in the Parish of Ketterings through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Omcy> over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport

Pagnel, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington Bridge; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Lord Strange, Lord Upper OJJory, Mr. Ellis, Lord Carys-fort, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. RobiiiJon, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Ker, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Prowje, Sir John Glynn, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Craven, Mr. Bertie, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Alftone, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Alexander Hume, Mr. Cocks,

Lord Trentham, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gwynn,

Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nor tiny, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Brake, Mr.

Wigley, Mr. Wrighte. Lord Vemey, Sir John Abdy,

Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Popham, Mr. Lamle, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Cadogan, Sir William Beauchamp Prod or,

Mr. Barry, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bathurst, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Neale, Mr. Caley,

Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel Vane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Northampton, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from Bedford, &c. a Place called Saint Loyds, in the Town of Bedford, £<»ds. through the Parishes of Bromham and Chichley, to the Way-post in Sherrington Field, where the said Road joins the High Road from the said Town of Olney to the Town of Newport Pagnel; and also the High Road from Bromham aforesaid, to the Town of Laund n, otherwise Lavenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or enlarging, Sherrington Bridge, in the Road from the said Way pod to the said Town of Newport Pagnel; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Upper OJJory, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Warwick, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Rob inf on, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Ker, Mr. Jetty ns, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gybbon%

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Strange, Sir frauds Drakey Mr. Barbor, Mr. Caley, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr.

Torkey Lord Trentham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Leveson Gower, Mr. Hay, Lord Burghley, Mr. Northey,

Mr. Lyster, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Chester, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Aldworth, Lord Bateman, Mr. Secretary at War,

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, Mr. Pottery Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Villiers, Sir Richard Wrottefley,

Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Brand, Admiral Bynge, Mr.

Bateman, Mr. Clevland, Mr. William Leveson Gower, Mr.

Huntery Mr. Keck, Mr. MontagUy Mr. Nugent, Commo- 1

dore Rodney, Mr. Alftone, Sir John Turner, Colonel Walde- \

grave, Mr. Offley, Mr. Wilbrabamy Mr. Legge, Mr. West,

Mr. Philip Yorke, Mr. Vaughan; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Bucks, Northampton, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Squire’s Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Debt to th Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound ^roWD* with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenson, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrovr Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Earl of Hillsborough presented to die House, according

KttcKin’s

fcdate.

Stratford poa At on loadt.

Bedford Level Corporatloa Dcbu.

We] ton loclosure.

27 Geo. II.

cording to Order, a Bill for establishing a Method to bar Entails upon the Province of Maryland: And the same was received, and read the Firftrime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet, and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lx>rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Committee of the Estate of Elizabeth Kitchin, Widow, a Lunatick, one of the Sifters and Coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of her Estate, during her Lunacy: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

945

fons. Owners and Proprietors of Land and Ground in the Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish and Manor of Welton, in the County of Northampton, against the Bill, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill was heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill having been heard, byway of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

40 — 50 Fe.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Fecken-ham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Ale eft er, through Great Coughton and Crabbs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott to the Oofs of Hands on a Common called the Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutne/l, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Colleton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. More ton, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Popham, Mr. Neale, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Robinson, Sir Cor del Fir ebr ace, Mr. Martin, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Kent, Mr. Torke, Mr. El* Hot, Mr. Hawkins, LordDupplin, Mr. Medlicott, Sir John Molsworth, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Conway, Mr. Morris, Colonel Leighton, Colonel Vane, Mr. Finch, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lafcel-les, Mr. Leveson Gower; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, Salop, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of the Con-fcrvators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level-, and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waltc Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third time.

And the Petition of Thomas Gibbons, George Arnold, Thomas Green, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and divers other Per-

VOL« 26.

Martis, 50 die Februarii j

Anno 270 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754*

Prayers.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Coventry, and the Parish Leicester to Jt\. of Sticball, in the City and County aforesaid, whose Coventry Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves Road,# and others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application has been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill to repair the Road leading from the Borough of Leicester to the City of Coventry, and that the intended Turnpike Road leading from the said City to the Borough of Warwick may be Carried through Kenelworth; and that a Turnpike may be erected at the End of the Causeway between the said City and the Parish of Sticball aforesaid; and alleging. That a considerable Part of the Toll, which will betaken at the Coventry Gate, will arise from the passing through Sticball, the Lanes of which are very narrow and inconvenient:

And therefore praying, That a Clause maybe added to impower the Commissioners to purchase Lands to widen and keep the same in Repair, from the Turnpike aforesaid to a certain Place called Martyns Gutter, leading to Stone* leigh Town, and in Measure about a Mile from the Turnpike Gate aforesaid, and being the Boundaries between the Counties of Warwick and Coventry.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in or near the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the Borough of Warwick to the said Borough of Stratford, through a Lane called Pale Lane, and over Packfaddle Hill, in the said County of Warwick, is, in many Parts, become so deep and ruinous, that, during many Months in the Year, the same is very inconvenient, and dangerous for Horsemen, and altogether impassable for Carriages, and, in some Places, lo narrow, that Carriages cannot in any Season of the Year pass each other; and that the Road cannot be repaired, and kept amended, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That a Clause maybe added to the said Bill for amending and widening the said Road between Warwick and Stratford, and keeping the same in Repair, by such means and in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Mayor and Aldermen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, in the County of the said City; and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, and of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fixch Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Let-'

11 H cester.

Welton

Inclosure.

Leicester to Uppingham Road.

Wetovood

Gate, &c. Road*

p46 50 — 6°Feb1754-

cester, to xhc Town’ofy^y de la Zouch% in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed i and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgefl'es, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Warwick, iji the County of Warwick; were severally referred; is recommitted :.And they are also to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Refolded* That the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton, do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cotppton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and de fire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Tpwn of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansfoid, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Burgh-ley, Mr. Wigley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Torke, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hay, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ker, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Alftone, Mr. Compton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Noel, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Caley, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Anjou, Sir Roger New digate. Colonel Leighton, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lffcelles, Mr. Burrellj Mr. Hunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Lejlie, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Willes, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Pitts, Sir EdmundIsham, Sir Kendrick Clayton j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, Leicester, Bedford, Northampton, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Town of Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Torke of Higham Ferrers, Mr. Humei:Lord Burghley, Mr. Walpole, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ker, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Willy, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Noel, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hay, Sir John Glynne, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Caley, Mr. Hunter, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Jertyns, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Anson, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Grove, Mr. lb hie b cot. Sir Bourchier-Wrey, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pytts, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Knightley, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Powney, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir Robert Long, Sir Francis Drake, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Richards, Lord Verney j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bedford, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: And they are to meet 17

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for the amending, widening, and Uckfield, &c. keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, Road* near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westbam, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westbam, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Ratdifi* Paul Shadweil, Saint Ann Limehouse, and the Hamlet of Highway Ratcliffe, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are Road* thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, was presented to the House, and read, taking Notice, That a Bill is ordered to be brought into the House, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, in the Parish of Saint George, through Cannonstreet, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from Cannonstreet into Cable street, in the said County of Middlesex: And alleging. That if Provision was likewise made for opening, widening, and making into a Road, the remaining Part of a Bridle-way called Back Lane, leading from the North End of Cannon-street aforesaid to the V/eft End of Brook-street, in the said Hamlet of Ratcliffe, and also for opening, widening, and making a Road (now also a Bridle-way) called King David Lane, leading from Upper- Shadweil-Street into Back Lane aforesaid, the same would be of great Use and Advantage: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideranonof a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame; as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to S\v William Beauchamp Problor, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Ridley, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. War bur ton,

Mr. Hay, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr.

Cooke, fSir Francis Poole, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ker, Mr. Walpole, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Vyner, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Row-ney, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Vernon, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Alftone, Mr. Afflelk, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Neale, Sir Roger Newd:gate, Mr. Gore, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Compton, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Robinson, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Richards,

Lord George Bentinck, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Grove; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Essex> and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii II1" Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

MR. Best reported from the Committee, to whom the Canterbury Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted toWhit/UMe by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s

27

Geo. II.

6° Februarii.

947

jetty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunjlaris Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water Side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, u|x>n the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment^ be ingrossed.

Afcerfwell Kill Road.

Kenp’t

fciUte.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Entrenchment on AJkerJwell £A7/,opposite to Chilcombe Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to Charmouth Bridge, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Bca~ tnifter, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Charmouth Bridge, aforesaid, through the Town of Ax-minster, and the Parishes of Kilmington and Shute, in the County of Devon, as far as a Place called Wilmington Water, at the West End of the Parish of Dalwood, in the said County of Dorset; was comtnited; That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and of the Inhabitants of many of the Villages and Places adjacent to the said Town of Bridport, whose Names are thereunder subscribed,on the behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants of the said Town and Villages, referred to the Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of William Kemp Esquire, deceased, in Trustec/ to be sold, pursuant to Articles; and for applying the Purchase-money for the Benefit of the Children of the said William Kemp, in such manner as is directed by the said Articles; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hirr\ to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Borough- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the bridge Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elcfting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the County of York, in the room of the Honourable Lewis Wation Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough,hath accepted the Office of One of the Auditors of the imprefts.

Supply, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House torcfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services Vol. 26.

incurred in the Year 1733, not provided for by Parham ment, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1753, to the 24th of June 1734* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, Anno 1752 — Copy of an Account of the Expenditure of the Money issued to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, — 1753- Copy of the Sixth Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of John Tweddel Gentleman, Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year or his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying out,making, and keeping in Repair,a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, so far as the same relates to, or concerns, that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Northumberland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered^ hat the Book, intituled, — 1753: Copies of the several Acts and Proceedings made by the Commissioners and Trustees, and also the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of George Pattenjon Gentleman, Treasurer to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying out,’ making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages frorri the City of Carlisle to the Town of NewcaflU upon Tyne, so far as the same relates to, or concerns, that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Cumberland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses dated the 5th April 1753* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses dated the 10th of 0Bober 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne and the 6th of King George the First, to, satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the 5th of January 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said%Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refoliitions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hardinge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee, to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House/ to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House io Bounty ot* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Sail Cloth, consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Donald and John Stevenson, for themselves, and others concerned in the Manufacture o^Sa'il-cloth at the Ports of Greenock and Port Gfafgow, was referred, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

the

c*

948 6° — 70 Februarii. 1754.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

j^*Clun*S An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act 2,1 te’ to impower the Committee of the Estate of Elizabeth Kitchin, Widow, a Lunatick, One of the Sifters and Coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

1 The other Order of the Day being read;

rTMyS Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

an eans. nextj ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrbw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 die Februarii;

Anno 27* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754.

PR AYERS.

Deptford A/TR. Colleton presented to the House, according to Poor Rates, IV A Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment &c' of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint

Paul Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Market Har- k°rc* ^jrysfort presented to the House, according

borough to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering Road.8 more effectual, an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Dejborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapfion, in the County of Northampton, and through Bytbome, Spaldwicke, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bounties on The House being informed, That Mr. Parjons, from Linens. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of Two Acts of Parliament, an Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid in England out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from 5th January 1753, to 5th January 1754, together with the Quantities for which the same were paid, pursuant to an Act of the 20th, and an Act of the 22d of his present Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

on_ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

ddhamWrit. the derk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eledling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of *7

Buckingham, in the room of Sir Henry Marshall Knight, decealed.

Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Nine hundred Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1753, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thac a Sum not exceeding Six thousand Seven hundred Ninety-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar upon the Tenth Day of ORober 1753.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Sixty-one thousand Five hundred and Five pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing, t be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Toanage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the Sixth of Queen Anne and the Sixth of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the Fifth Day of January last, 1754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred Thirty-two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 17 53, to the 24th of June 1754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be employed in building, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, infoi*ent That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief Debtors, ofinlolvent Debtors;

It passed in the Negative.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, according to Order, Bounty on reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to Sail Cloth whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Donald and John Stevenjon, for themselves, and others concerned in the Manufacture of Sail-cloth at the Ports of Greenock and Port Glasgow, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the respective Sums of Money due to John Stevenjon 2nd Company, and Robert Donald and Company, for Bounties upon British-rc\zde Sail cloth exported on or before the Fiift Day of June 1750, be paid out of such

Parfs

17 Geo. II. 7° — 8d F 94P

Part* of the old Subsidy as are applicable to the Payment Sir William reported from the Committee, to Clock*

of Incidents. Whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing of Frauds Bult'rs' J*

The said Refolurion, being read a Second time, was, and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Ma. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the nufacture of Clocks and Watches, wa* committed, That House. the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee Wsftakte A Petition of the ComtnifiiOnets for building Wtftmbjltr had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Bridge. Bridge being offered to be presented to the House; thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the Mr. Chancellor of the Eftrhequer, by his Majesty’s House; and he read the Report in his Place i and after-.

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read.

recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think lit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j reciting l'ome Provifmns in several Atts of Parliament, made in the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of ro the opposite Shore in the County of Surry: And setting forth. That the Petitioners have, with the utmost Care, caused the said Bridge to be built and made palfable, and have likewise made great progress towards executing the other Trusts repoled in them by the said Acta; but that the Petitioners cannot make an effectual and con dan t Provision for maintaining, cleaning, watching,lighting, paving, and gravelling, the said Bridge, and for preserving the same from Annoyances, and other Damages, nor cm completely execute several of the T rusts reposed in them by the said Acts, unless the House will be pleased to grant the Petitioners further Sums of Money for those Purposes than the Monies now remaining in their Hands: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such further Sums of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerarinn of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Act to pro. The House was moved, That several Parts of an Act, tnod/t *° *h« Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, °lu' intituled, An Act for the more effcctual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Ele&ioos of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly,

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the Act, made, in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as requires the Eleftors of Members to serve in Parliament to take the Oath therein mentioned, if demanded, before they are admitted to poll:

And the previous Question being put. That that Qycf-tion be now put}

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V tneris, 8°;

Anno »7* Georgii II41 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

I nOtip* 1 ATR. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom

N»me. i.VX the Bill ro enable John Lade, heretofore called John Injkip, and che Heirs Male his Body, to take and use the Sorname of Lade only, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment} and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Vol. a6.

throughout, and then a Second time, one by one} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the Company of Merchants of England Service, trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indi^or at the I (land of St. Helena: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Hume do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Rochdale an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine o leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Hardi Sir William Cal-

vert, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Norlbey, Sir William Blauchamp ProBor,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cooke, Mr. FeUowes, Lord Harley, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bond, Sir John ‘Turner, Mr.

Neale, Mr. Grove, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Greatbeed, Mr.

Bacon, Colonel Haldane, Mr. AlftMr. Willey, Sir Cordel Firehrace} and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Durham, Northumberland,

Cumberland, Westmorland, and Chester And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, so the Speaker’s '

Chamber.

Mr. Greatbeed reported from the Committee, to whom Leicester tv the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Mayor and Coventry Aldermen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, in the County of the said City, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of -cester, in the County of Leicester, and of the Trustces for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Lutefter, to the Town of AJbby de la ^in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed} and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick i had been severally referred; and to whom the Report of the Matter of the said Petitions was re-committed; and to whom a)so the Petition of the Minister and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Kenilworth, in the County of Warwick, together with many other principal Inhabitants of Milbourn, Cryfield, and Canity, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed} and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of Coventry, and she Parish of Sticball, in the City and County aforesaid, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others} and also the Petition of the Mayor, Alder-’ men, Burgesses, and other principal‘Inhabitants, redding in or near the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others were fevc-rally referred} That the Committee had examined the til Matters

,95°

8° Reiruar

: A.-1754:

Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him* to Report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same was tfead; ^nd is as followeth; viz.

-'In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

‘Mr. Edward Goodes was called: And, being examined, said. That the Towns of Coventry and Leicester, and the several other Towns mentioned in the Petition, areTowns ^reat Trade and Intercourfej and that Travellers would _J more frequently through the fame, if the Roads were repaired and made good.

® Francis Stratford Esquire and Mr. Baxter were called: And, being severally examined, said, Thar, by reason of thefcxcefTive Weights carried on the said Roads, and the Badness of the Soil, they are become so deep and dan-. gerpus, that Carriages cannot pass through ,the same in the Winter Season, and not without great Difficulty in Summer; and that Part of the said Roads have been under an Indictment these Two Years pad; And they further said, That the Laws in being are not sufficient to amend the fame.

And then the A6V of the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, was read; wherein no Toll was imposed upon Carriages drawn by less than Pour Horses; and that there was a Deficiency of One hundred Pounds in the Tolls of the lad Year; and that the Persons, who proposed to advance Money dn the Credit of the 'tolls, refilled, on account of the said Omission. "

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Second Petition; And, in Support of the Allegations thereof,

’ Francis Clarke Esquire and Mr. TVelton were severally called: And, being examined, said, That they know the Road mentioned in the said Petition, and that it is vtry. ruinous; and that the Laws in being (for Repairing of Highways) are not sufficient tov repair the fame.

'Mr. Bcardjley, being called, coafirmed the above Evidence in every Particular.

All the Witnesses, who were examined, gave Evidence, That the Roads are too narrow in many Parcs.

Upon the third-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Smith was called: And, being examined, said, That he had measurefl the Road from the Crpfs- of Hands, at the End of Coventry Cauleway, by Stweleigh, to Guijlip Gate, where the Two Roads unite, and that it measured Seven Miles Four Furlongs and Eleven Poles:, And he likewise laid he had measured the Road from the Cross of Hands, thrpugh Kenilworth, to the said Guijlip and that it measured Seven Miles Six Furlongs and Twenty height Poles: That the Stoneleigh Road is in many. Part's narrow' and dangerous, and is often overflowed: And said, That the Road from Coventry, through,^#//-worth, is wid£ and spacious, 2nd affords great Quantities of^Materials to amend the fame; and that the said Road may be made {food for about iiool,-, and that the Stone-high Road would cod a great deal (pore Money to repair it, without pufe^afing. L^nditq widen thcjlamfs; And he further said,'Thai the said Town of KenflwQrtfc is. large and populous, and of" an equaj Pittance between Coventry and Warwick, and convenient so^ the Accommodation of Travellers. . ‘" , . /

.Upon the fourth-mentioned Petition,

IVIr.. John Smith was called: And, being,1examined,’, said;He had viewed the Road ^mentioned in the Petition; f and that it is necessary to have^ Stieball Lane widened* for,. in1 many Places, Two Waggons cannot pass each other. and that there are Grounds lying near the fame, that are f. necessary to be purchased for widening the fame; and.; rhat a great Part of the Toll arising on that Part of the Road will be taken at the Gate to be erected at the End of the Causeway between Coventry and Stichall.

the Committee proceeded to examine thr Allegations of the last-mencioned Petition; and, in Sup-, port of the Allegations thereof,

Mr William Hunt was called: And, being examined, said, That Stratford is a large trading Town; and tha^ large Quantities of Goods and Merchandize are brought up the River Avon to the said Borough of Stratford; &id that these Goods are carried: to Coventry, Leicester, and, '

many other Places; and thft the Road between Warwick and Stratford, through Pale 1Laney over Packfaddle Hi/ly are very ruinous, and impassable for Carriages in many.

Months of the Year: And he likewise said, That there are upwards of 100,000l. worth of Goods brought up the said River annually, which are carried along the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Nar borough, and from Leicester aforesaid to the City of Coventry, and from thence through the Town of Kenilworth to the Borough of Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from the said Borough of Warwick to the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and from the said City of Coventiy to a certain Place called Martyns Gutter, in the Parish of Stichall, leading towards Stoneleigh Town, in the said County of Warwick; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester:

And that Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Grove, Mr. iVrighte, Mr*

Wigley, Sir Roger Newdigate, and Mr. Smithy do prepare, and bring in, the fame. .

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do make the Report Greenwich from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rulers, Ferry. Auditors, and Assistants of the Company of, Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames, was referred.

Sir William Calvert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which he was.tl$e&ed to report, as it appeared to the said Commitee; to^he Housei and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table. ,v. , '

Ordered, That the said Report bet^en’into Considera- tion upon Monday Morning next. .5

A Bill* for ‘improving %ftd; preserving the Navigation J^cne, of ‘ the River Nene, from Salter's Load Sluice, in the; Riven. County' dF* Norfolk, through Whittlesea Dyke, to- Stand- j ground* Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the/l. Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in thbTaid County of Ntrrfilk, through 'Old Bedford River, anffthc Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramfey'; and frbni thence to Floods Ferry, in the County of Cambridge) wafc read1: a Second time.'..'; ' r ]l :' 1 ’ '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed* to Sir John ' Turner, Mr. Walpole, General*OglefbdrpepNLr. KePjMr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Bacon, Sir Cor del Firebrace,

Sil»- Charles MdrdanKt, Sir William Beauchamp PPStfor,

Mr. Barry, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Prowse? Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomhagk Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pel-ham, Mr. Affleck*lAt^ CoITeton, Mr. Gybbon,- Mr. Bayntuu,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. torke, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Huvtery Mfa Mr. LockyeV, and all the Mem- j

bers who serve forvthe Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cam-

i-y?rthaym; they .-J

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakjlr«^ Chamber. ' " T-’ ‘

*1

1

iSitffVtlliam Beauchamp PreBor reported from the C6rr£; ^atclifR mjtcee, tOiWhom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the^gj*1 Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, Saint Ann Limehouft, ^oad‘ ! and the HamRt of Ratcliffe, in the Chuntyo tMiddlefeiefi j

whose N^mes are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of the’in-"4

selves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said severaly/ Parishes, was referred, That the Committee had exirftined 1 j the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed'him

- -V to

Ghfgow

Roads.

AVays and Means.

We ft wood Gate, Ac. Road.

27 Geo. II.

8° — 11° Februarii.

95

to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 9 and he read the Report in his Place; nnd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Robinson and Mr. John Raymond said. That if the Whole of the Bridle Way which leads from the North End of Cannon-street to the West End of Brook-street, and also the Bridle Way which leads from. Upper Shadwell-street into Back-Lane, were widened, and made publick Roads, the same would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said several Parishea, and Places adjacent.

Mr. John Sib/on confirmed the aforesaid Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Rat cliffe Highway, in the Parish of St. George, through Cannon-street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of EffexJand also from Cannon-street into Cable-street, in the said County of Mid-dlcjcx, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for openings making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the West End of Brook-street to the North End of Cannon-street, in the County of Middle/*, and also from Upper Shadwell-street into a Lane called the Back Lane, in the said County.

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee,.to whom the Bill to cfcplain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twemy-Tixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing fevc-ral Roads leading into the City>of Glasgow, was committed, That the Committee had examihed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be $rue; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which:they had directed him to sport, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place.; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. - \

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, WeteJrupoD the Question severally put thereupon, agreed co byi the House. I

Ordered, That the further' Consideration of the said Report, be adjourned till Monday. Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

.. Re/olved, Thzt this House, will, upon this Day. Seven-night, resolve it(clf into a Committee of the whole House, confide! further of Ways and Means fot raising the Supply grants to his Majesty . ....

v. iv V

~ . And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning ... , next,;Nine«of the Clock.

Lunae, ti° die Febryarii;

Alin* 107° Georgii IIJi Regisr, 1754. Prayers/ ' " *' "

ORDERED, That Lord Trentham, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Secretary at War* Mr. Bapt. Levejon Gower, Mr. Rigby, Lord Bateman, Mr. Gajbry, Mr, Taylor, Six Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Brand, Admiral Byng, Mr. Qlevland, Mr. Wilbrabam, Captain Rodney, Colonel Waldegrave, Mr. fWqJt, Mr Vaughan, Mr. Batemany Mr. Keck, Sir John ^Turner, N^x.Offey, Mr. Philip Torke, Mr. Barber, Mr. 'Nugent, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the high Road from Westwoad Gate, in the Parish of Knotting% in the County of Bedford, through the Town^of Higham terrers, and over Artlebo-rough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Tajj/H of Bartoq Seagrave, in the County of Norebqmpton,}^ committed., ..’

r>rOL. 2(5*.

Ordered, That Lord Trentham, Mr. Aldworth; Mr. Leicester to Secretary at War, Mr. Bapt. Levejon Gower, Mr. Rigby, Uppingham Lord Bateman, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. Taylor, Sir Richard ^oad* Wrottejley, Mr. Brand\ Admiral Byng, Mr. Clevland,

Mr. M ilbrabam. Captain Rodney, Colonel Waldegrave,

Mr. West, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bateman, Mr. Keck, Sir John Turner, Mr. OJfLy, Mr. Philip Torke, Mr. Barber,

Mr. Nugent, be added to the Committee, to whom the >.h

Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester to and by the North Side of the Tpwn of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansferd* ' in the County of Northampton, and from thenGe to Peterborough, in the said County of ^Northampton, isr.committed.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Deptford Poor in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Raul Dept* £00r Rates, ford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry; and for repairing c‘ the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes; was read a Second time,

Refobued, That the Bill be. committed to Mr Colleton,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Fellowes. Lord Carysfort, Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Robinson, Sir William Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Nix.

Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Lyfier, Mr* Sydenham, Mr. Nealet Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Boynton, Sir John Glynn, Sir Roger Newdi-gate, Mr. Hob/yn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Trentham, Mr. Bond, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Ker,

Mr. Erskine, General Onslow, Mr. Wodehouse,\M.r. Tor he,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kent, Mr. Nugent, Sir Richard Wrot- "

tejley, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Northey, Nix.-Walpole, Mr. Sindh,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr., Medlicott,§ir John Turner, Colonel Conway, Mr. Rjoaehey, Mr.. Levejon Gower, Mr. Conyers, Colonel A'court,. Mr. Powhey* Mi.

Oswald, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Belchier \ and all the Members who lerve-for the Counties of Surry, Kent, and SuffexA.; And, they are. to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.: ( v a.‘‘A

- , .1

A Bill for explaining,amending, ftnd rendering more MarketHsu-effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reigri, for repairing, and widening the K0 Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Bsfiton v \j Seagrave, and Thrapjlm, in the County of Northampton, and through Bytb.orne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, terthe Pound in the Parish>of Brampton, in the Coudby of Huntingdon, was.read a Se,eond , -j'A m j:

Resolved, Thai che Bill'be committed to Lordfr^x-fort. Captain Saunders, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Hunter, Colonel A'court, Lord Milton, Mr, Aldworth, Mr.

Nejbitt, Mr. Aljlane, Mr. Nugent, Mr.. Bacon, Mr. Slo-per, Colonel Waldegrave, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Vernon,- Mr. Southwell, Mr. Grenville, Nix} Whitworth, Me. Hay,

Mr. Stewart, Mr. Felton ILervey, Mr. Brand, Lord Trentham, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Bankes, Nix. Colleton, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Charles Douglas, Lord George Beauclerk, Lord Harry Beauclerk, MryBertftiNLr

Harvey, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. SandysS151 Richard Wrottejley, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Martin,

Sir William Calvert, Mr. Torke, Mr. Ridley, Nlx.'VaugUan,

Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.; Jenyns, NIC Legge,

Mr. Finch, Mr. Vyner; and all the Members who- serve: for the Counties of Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester I Cambridge, and Norjolk: And they are to meet’ thii Afternoon at Five, of: the Clock, in the Spekkir’s Chamber. .* r.\

" - - . ’ r ! I '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the clock-adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com-, makers’ mittee, tq whom the Bill for the mpre effectual Prevent- Journeymen, ing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons etn*. ployed in the Manufacture of Clocks and Watches, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

p5 X n° Februarii. A. 1754*

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grafted.

A for (Well An ingrafted Bill for. repairing and widening the Road

Hill RoU. from a certain Intrenchment on AJkerfweil Hill, opposite to Chilcombe Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to Char-math Bridge, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Beamifter, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Charmouth Bridge aforesaid, through the Town of Axmin-Jher, and the Parishes of Kihnington and Shute, in the County of Devon, as far as a Place called Wilmington Water, at the West End of the Parish of Dahvood, in the said County of DorJH \ was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment on AJkerfweil Hill, opposite to Chilcombe Form, through the Town of Bridport to Penn Inn, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Beami/ler, in the County of Dorset; and also the Road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Heniton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bridgdbrd Mr. Edward Finch presented to the House, according Lane Road. Qrdtr, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, LeictfUr, Rutland, and through Rockingham to tb$ Rowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton: And the same Was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Encouraging Mr. Hardhtge presented to the House, according to the Coinage. Order, a Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money: And the same was received; and read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Glasgow Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for reluming the Roan*. adjourned Consideradon of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill tb explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, ihdtuled. An Act for repairing several Reads leading into the City of Glasgow, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration, of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Infkip', An ingrafted Bill to enable John Lade, heretofore Name. called Join Infkip, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to cake and use the Surname of Lade only, purfu&nt to the Will of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Lade, heretofore called John Infkip, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lade only, pUrluant to the Will of Sir John Ldde Baronet, deceased*

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do tarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

AUoa Har. A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One* ^nr- sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of

Q2

Ale and Beer brewed for Sale vended or sold within the Town and Barony of Alfa, in the County of Clackmannan; and also a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and Vcflcb anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town; for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Erskine,

Mr. Ptowjt, Mr. Ker, Mr.'Samtys, Mr. Fletcber, Lord Dlepplin, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Carysfm,

Mr. Locfyer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr* Rebinfon, Mr. Uobfyn,

Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

CUtyton, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Martin, Mr. WilftM, Mr,

Torke, Sir Charles Mardaunt,-Lord Milton, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Richards,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Wigley, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Affleck, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Legge, Mr. Wrigkte, Mr. Smith; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several CwswiU Tinners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others the Tinners of the County of Cornwall (which was prefenced to the House upon Friday the i8(h Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the last Prowfo in an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty'§

Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Adjusting, and more easy Recovery, of the Wages of certain Servants* and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Provilb: And that Sir John Molefiaoertb and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed 16 the Bill* intituled, An Act Piece for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by ail Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from Pierce Bridge to Kirkmerrmgton, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudbce Lane End, in the said County, and for making the same more effectual, without any Amendment s And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gifling for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upotv Exchtntc* between the Vicar of Gilling and James Shuttleworth Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditament, in the County of York; and for other Purposea therein mentioned j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leith Hu-for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith; and boQr* to impower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and for erecting D6cks, and other Conveniences, on the Sides thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, irttituled. An Act for Bonifes t naturalizing Paul Bontfas: To which Hie Lords desire. Nat* J the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdfengers withdrew. I

The House, according to Order, resolved itftlf into a Distempa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the bet- *mo«g ter Preventing of the Spreading of the Distetnffcr which Clttle‘ j now rhges among the Homed Cattle in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. J

The Lord Carysfort reported from die Committee, I That they had made some Progress in the Bill: and that*

Be

27 Geo. II. n° — ii° Fe 953

he was directed by the Committee to move. That they Mr. Mostyn, Lord Trentham, Mr. Page, Mr. Pelham, may Ir.ve Leave to fit attpin. Mr. Shelley> Mr. Barbor, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Richard lirot*

Refclvei, That tin* House will, Tomorrow Morning, tefley, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Thomas Robinfcn> Mr John ref »ive irfri; into a Committee of the whole House, to Tcrke, Colonel Waldcgravt, Captain F.av.Uand, Mr. consider lunher of the said Bill. Montagu, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Metcalfe,

Mr Vaughan, Mr. Leveson Gower, Lord Ffa, ry BcaucUrk;

1 lie o»!n*r Order of the Day being read; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of r&-

Grecnuicli Ordered, hut the Report from the Committee, to amp:on, No folk, Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge, and Hunting-Ferry. whom the Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, r/w; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the of the Company of W.itcrmen and Lightermen of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come River J barney, was referred, be taken into Consideration to the Committee are to have Voices.

Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Francis Dayrcll Esquire* Lord of the Bedford And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Manor of Sutton Guanock, and Owner and Proprietor of Level Corpo Morning, Nine of the Clock. great Part of Shire Drain, Thomas Vivian Esquire, PbiN ration^ebt*

lippa Hyde and Anne Hyde Spinflers, Lord and Ladies of the Manor of Sutton Holland, William Greaves Clerk,

Vicar of the Parish of Long Sutton, and of several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and lying near a certain Drain there called Shire Drain, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands adjoining

A MESS AGE from the Lords by Mr. Bennett and thereto, was presented to the House, and read; alleging,

Mr. Hojord: That should the said Bill pass into a Law in the Manner

Mr. Speaker, it now (lands, it will be very prejudicial not only to the

Mon race’s The L<;rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Petitioners, but also to all 01 hers who drain their Lands

Nat. for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue Merchant, with some through the Old and New South Eauy or Shire Drain, or Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire either of them, or have Estates, or are Owners or Occupiers the Concurrence of this Home: And also, of Land, adjoining the reunto; and that the Petitioners,

Comxnereirs The Lord* h.»vc passed a 15.11, intituled, An Act for from Time immemorial, have drained their Lands, and run na:u aiizir;g John Uiric Commcud: To which the Lords their Waters through the said Old and Netv South Ran, desire the Coneunnee of this House. and the said Drain, and have the original Right thereto;

And then the Messengers withdrew. and that the said North Level did not run their Waters

through the same before the 38th Year of the Reign of An ingrossrd Pill, from the Lords, Intituled, An Act Queen Elizabeth, and then obtained Leave to run their for nauiral zing Paul Bonifas, was read the First time. Waters through the said Drains, by the Consent of the

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Secund time. Owners and Occupiers of the Lands in South Holland,

under particular Conditions and Rcstrictions; and that Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday the 4th sufficient Care is not taken in the said Bill to preserve to Level Corpo- Day of this instant February. lor committing to a Commit- the Petitioners, and the rest of the Owners and Occupiers ration Debt. tec whnjc House the Bill for discharging the Corpo- of Land in South Holland, their just Rights and Privileges, ration of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the and to prevent their Estates from being overflowed and Company of the Conservau rs of the Great Level of the ruined by the \V aters of the said North Level, and the addi-Fens commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to tional Waters proposed to betaken in and carried through the Duke of Bedjcid and Lari of Lincoln; and for enabling Shire Drain by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel,

Great Level, to raile Monty to discharge the Proportion of against the said Bill, or such Part thereof as affects and the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; relates to the Piopertiesof the Petitionersin the Paid Drains; and for ascertaining and appropriating the 1 axes to be or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the said on the said North Level; and for the more effectual Premifesas to the Hv use (Rail seem meet.

draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers A Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Hands are there- Ditto. Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowiand, be under subscribed, being Trustees and Feoffees, appointed now read. in and under the Will of Thomas Deacon E squire, of and

And the said Order being read accordingly; for divers Lands given by him for Charity to the Inhabi-

0,dered, That the said Order be discharged. tants of the City of Peterborough, Part of which Lands

Ordered, That the said Rill be committed to a private are lying in the North Level of the Fens, being Part of the Committee. Great Level of the Fens ealled Bedford Level, was alto pre-

And a Commirtee was appointed of Lord Dupplin, Mr. fented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the said Salusbury, Lord Carysfon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bill should pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, it will be Popham, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Robinfcn, Mr. Vyner, Colonel very detrimental to the said Trull: Estate: And therefore Bofcawen, Lord (ffory, Coiontl Holmes, Mr. Reynolds, praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves.

Colonel Stanwix, Mr West, Sir Thomas Iiales, General or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as will affect Onslow, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. iiardinge, Mr. Camp- the said Trull Estate; and that the Petitioners may have bell, Mr. Iloblyn, Mr. AV Kay, Sir William Calvert, Co- such Relief for the same as to the House shall seem meet, lonel Haldane, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Aldworth, A Petition of several Landowners and Proprietors of Ditto. Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Sat ys, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Kynaston, Lands in or near the North Level of the Fens, being Part Captain Saunders, Sir Charles Mo> daunt, Sir Edward of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level,

Walpole, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Rowlett, Mr. Hume, Mr. whose Hands are thereunder subscribed, was also pre-West, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Crawfurd, Mr. fented to the House, and read; alleging, That, if the said Wa burton, Mr. AVr, Mr. I mere an, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Bill should pass into a Law, as it is how drawn, it will be Allgood, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. AiJiaHe, Mr. very detrimental to the Property of the Petitioners: And Eliiott, Sir William Cod, ingion, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Berkeley, therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves,

Mr. Northey, Lord Barrington, Mr. Burrell, Colonel or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as will affect Conway, Mr. llhichcot, Mr. Legge, Mr. Finch, Sir the Petitioners.

Cordell Firebrcce> Mr. Smith, Mr. Nugent$ Mr. Wigley§ And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be re-Voi,. 26. 11 K ferred

Nat.

Bonifu'i

Nat.

Bedford

Martis, 1 2° Februarii; Anno 270 Georgii II<1 Regis, 1754. Praters.

954 12° — 13° Februarii. A. 1754*

ferred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the tion of the Committee (except Anthony Humble, whose In-said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard terefl: is about 8 I. per Annum, who had signed the Petition, by themselves, or Cour.fel, before the said Committee, but refused to sign the Bill, OJwalcl Hind senior, whose upon their laid several Petitions, if they think fit. Incereft is about 3/. per Annum Jocob Marshall, whose

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Interest: is about 15/. per Annum, John Hojley, whose In-mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the terefl: is about 12 or 15/. per Annum, and John Joblyn, same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said feve- whose Interest: is about 9/. per Annum; and that all the ral Petitions. said Parties had been applied to, and had refused to sign

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend the Bill, but laid they would not oppose the fame; and for Persons, Papers, and Records. that none of the said Parties appeared before the Com-

Kitchin’s An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efbte. to impower the Commirree of the Estate of Elizabeth Kitchin Widow, a Lunatick, one of the Sifters and Coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hay, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chauncey Townjkend, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Martin, Mr. Har-rtion, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More ton, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. OJ-wald, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Caley, Mr. Lyjer, Mr. Philip Fonereau, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Ky-naften, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Barry, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Levejon Gower, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Fellowes, Admiral Bynge, Mr. Neale, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Barb or, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Elliott, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Legge, Lord Egment, Colonel Conway, Mr. Offley, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Elliott, Mr. Torke, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Hawkins; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Northampton, Somerset, Gloucester, and JDorjet: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Canterbury An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers KoadhitftabIC 6rante<^ ky an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present oa Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at Whitjlable, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 4. Before "and" to’insert<c John Roberts." And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at Whitjlable, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cornwall Sir John MoJeJworth presented to the House, according Tinners. to Order, a Bill to repeal a Proviso in an Act, made in the aoth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery of, the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, which provides that the said Act shall not extend to the Stannaries in Devon and Cornwall: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Shildon Mr. Allgcod reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Common, or Shildon Moor, within the Manor and Barony of Bywell, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfac-

mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments , thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Squire's Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Qrc0b^othe the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Squire,

Robert Lucas, and Robert Stcvenjon, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Diforoper Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the among Bill for the better preventing of the Spreading of the Dif- CaKl^ temper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Carysjortreported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. '

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Greenwich whom the Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, Feny* of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 30 die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IE* Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

rJPHE House proceeded to take into Consideration Mourgue the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, Nac* intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue, Merchant.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as fol-lcweth; viz.

Pr.

27 Geo. II. 139 Februarii. 953

Pr. 1. L. 1. Leave out " beseecheth" and insert" befeech."

L. 7. After " Germany" inlert " and Amy Ril~ %i liet Son of Peter Rilliet, by Jane his Wife, born at " Geneva."

L. 10. Leave out "his," and insert " their/* L. 18. Leave out " he," and inferc " they;" and after " Mourgue ," insert " and Amy Rilliet "

L. 19. Leave out " he is," and inferc " they

c< are."

L. 22. After "as," leave out "a," and leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects."

L. 23. 24. Leave out " he is," and insert " they

" are*"

L. 27. Leave out " he," and insert " they."

L. 28. After <c born" leave out "a" and leave out " Subject" and insert " Subjects."

L. 31. Leave out "he," and insert "they*" and, after " Mourgue" insert " and Amy Rilliet L. ;<2. Leave out " is," and insert " are,"

Pr. 2. L. 2. Leave out " his," and inlert " their,"

L. Leave out<c Heir," and insert " Heirs; " and leave out " his," and inferc "their."

L. 8. Leave out " him," and insert " them." L. 11. Leave out " he," and insert " they."

L. 17. Leave out "he," and insert " they."

L. 22. Leave out "he," and insert; "thty;" and, afte* " Mourgue," insert " and Amy Rilliet"

L. 25 Leave out "a," and leave out " Subject," and insert " Subject*."

L. 32. Leave out "he," and insert "they;" and, after " Mourgue" insert " and Amy Rilliet, or either " of them."

L. 34. After " Member," insert " or Mem-

" bers."

L. 38, Leave out "himfeif," and insert " themselves."

L. 39. Leave out " him," and insert " them, fc or either of them."

To the Title of the Bill add "and Amy Rilliet"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

CommereU’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act at* for naturalizing John Ulric Commerelly was read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kettering, Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Road. she Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Ketterings through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to%Newport Pagnely in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Squire's Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Corn-

Debt to the mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Crown. Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of Vol. 26.

his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Squircy Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenson, a Dtbtdue to cheCrowri from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Edward Knipe, of Epsom, in the County ,v

of Surry, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read 5 taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of the Conservarors of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level > from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Dtbts of the said Corporation; and for ascertainingand appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers L nds adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; and letting forth, That the Petitioner is Proprietor of an Estate, in the said Bill described by the Name of Fanholt Farm; but is not, as he apprehends, possessed of any Lands which, by the present Laws, are liable to be taxed towards the Charge of draining the Lands within any Part of the said Great Level; and that the Petitioner never had any Application made to him concerning the Plan or Propo-lals, in the said Bill mentioned, for draining the said North Levels or any Notice of any Application intended to be made to Parliament for obtaining a Law for that Purpose, except by the printed Votes of this House; and alleging.

That, should the said Bill pass into a Law, as it now stands, it will be very prejudicial to the Petitioner’s laid Estate, and to the Petitioner’s Rights and Property: And therefore praying. That the Petitioner may be heard by himself, or Counsel, against: the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as anyways relate to the Petitioner’s said Estate; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises a3 to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That fc be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the saidPetiuon.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Distempef House, to consider further of the Bill for the better preventing of the Spreading of the Distemper which now a e’ rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and maie several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pltafc to receive the same.

' 6 Ordered,

956 . 13° — -14°

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the Koufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jovisy 14.0 die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii lldl Regis, 1754. Prayers.

THE Earl of Upper Offory, reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from a place called Saint Loyds, in the Town of Bedford, through the Parishes of Bromham and Chich/ey, to the Way-pod in Sherrington Field, where the said Road joins the High Road from the said Town of Olney, to the Town of Newport Pagnel; and also the RIi"h Road from Bromham aforesaid, to the Town of Lcundau otherwise Lavenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or enlarging, Sherriugion Bridge-, in the Road from the said Way-post to the tidd Town of Newport Pagnel, was committed; Tha* the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and icuml the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to -e: rr to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Bedford,&c. The Amendments made by the Committee to the said Roads. BUI Were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Squire’s Debt An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for exe-to the Crown, cuting the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenfcn, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafis: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenson, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Februarii. A. 1754.

Ordered, That all Charters, Commissions, and Authorides, by which any Powers relative to a Military Jurisdiction, or to the Exercise of martial Law, have been JuriiMioa. grantedor derived fromtheCrown to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be laid before this Eloufe by the said Company.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whdm the Normnton Bill for establishing and rendering effectunl certain Articles Inclosure. of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Normanton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Thom is I.nr ft, possessed of about t /. ioj. per Annum, who had been applied to, and refiifed to sign the Bill, but laid he would not oppose the fame; and that the said Thomas Hurst did not appear before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendnjents, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Charles Crettcn Clerk, and John Crofts Gentleman, was preferred to the Houle, and read; feteing forth. That the Petitioners (as Farmers or Lessees under the Bishop of Ely, in Right of his See) are possessed of a large Tracft of Ground, containing about Nine hundred Acres, lying in the North Level of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; which Lands have never yet been taxed or chargeable to any Draining Tax; and that the Petitioner John Crofts is also seised and possessed of several other Parcels of Lands lying in and near the said Level; and alleging,.Thar, if the Bill now depending before the House, lor discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; shoukl pass into a Law, in manner as now framed, the same will not only subjeeft the said Lands of the Petitioners to an Acre Tax, but will also be otherwise prejudicial to the Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affeeft the Property of the Petitioners; or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratio^of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrucftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mutiny and . Mr- Secretary at War presented to the House, accord-Desertion in3 to Order, a bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion i* East India of Officers and Soldiers, in the Service of the Company Service. of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the I (land of St. Helena: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, do attend the Service of the House upon Tuesday Morning nexr.

Bedford, &c. Roads.

A Member takes Oaths.

0 Februarii,

27 Geo. II.

15-18

Jiihcry.

V cneris, 150 d Februarii; Anno 27* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Simmons, Accompunt to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanttothe Directions of an Act of Parliament, An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 30th of December 1752, to 31st of December 1753.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bridgeford Lane Road.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Fane, in the County of Nottingham* to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, I^icefier, Rutland, and through Rcc\v:gham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County or Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Finch, Mr Clayton, Mr. Lambe. Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Page, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Warburton. Mr. Tracy, Mr. Tor he, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Locke, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Harley, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hume, Mr Hardinge, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Barbor, Mr* Compton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. IVigley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Pinrey, Lord Granby, Lord Robert Sutton, Lord IVm. Manners, Mr. Charlton, Lord Burghley, Mr. Wort-ley Montagu, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbcn, Sir John Rujhcut, Sir Geo. Lee, Lord Offory^ CoLncl Mofiyn, Lord Dun cannon, Mr. Aidworth, Mr. Noel, Colonel IValdegrave, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Philip Ycrke, Sir John Molefw01 tb. Lord Ancram, Mr. John Ycrke, Mr. Colleton. Mr. Metcalfe, Lord Verney, Captain Saunders, Mr. IVlfon; and all the Mem-

957

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Shildon Common, or Shildon Moor, within the Manor and Hclosure* Barony of Bywell, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Cmmon, or Shildon Moor, within the Manor and Barony of Bywell, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Allgood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The brders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Wayi and night, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ins next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunas, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Wendover to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ.

for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, in the County bers who frrve f>r the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, of Buckingham, in the room of John Hampden Esquire, Rutland, Nottingham, and York: And t; ey are to meet decealed.

Westwood Gate, &c. Road.

this Afternoon ac tive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ycrke, of FBgham Ferrers, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Town of Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That 1 he Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aiter-

The House being informed. That Mr. Robert James, India Secretary to the United Company of Merchants of Eng- Company’s land trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; Military Ju-He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the dfdiction. House, pursuant to their Order,

All Charters, Copies of Charters, Indentures, Commissions, and Authorities, by which any Powers relative to a military Jurisdiction, or to the Exercise of martial Law, have been granted or derived from the Crown to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, together with a List.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read, and is as followeth; viz.

A. 3d April 1661, 13th Cha. 1.

B. 27th March 1668, 20th Cha. 2.

C. 16th December 1673 25th Cha. 2.

D. 9th August 16S3, 75th Cha. 2.

E. 12th April 1686, }

2 James II. J

VOL. 26.

Charter from King Charles the Second to the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies.

Charter from King Charles the Second to the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies, relating to the Island of Bombay.

Charter of Confirmation from King Charles the Second of the Island of St. Helena.

Copy of a Charter of King Charles the Second to the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, for erecting a Court of Judicature for Trial of Causes mercantile and maritime in, and to seize all Ships, Csfr. trading to, India, without Licence from the said Company. Entered in a Vellum Book, beginning Fo. 135.

Copy of the Letters Patent from King James the Second to the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, for confirming all the Charters granted to the said Governor and Company. Entered in the said Vellum Book, beginning Fo. 145.

u L Th$

958

18° Februarii.

A. 1754.

The Two original Charters last mentioned are not to be found.

F. 5th September 1698, 7 Charter from King William the Third, for incorporating the General Society by the ( Name of The English Company trading to the East Indies.

> Indenture Tripartite made between her late Majesty Queen Anne, of the First Part; the y Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies, of the Second Part; and the English Company trading to the East Indies, of the Third Part. H. 24th September 1726,> Charter from his late Majesty King George, constituting Courts of Judicature for determining Causes Civil and Criminal in the East Indies, and for granting other Privileges and Powers to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Charter from his present Majesty King George the Second, constituting Courts of Judicature for determining Causes Civil and Criminal, and Courts of Requests, in the East Indies, and granting other Privileges and Powers to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

10th Will. 3. G. 22d July 1702, 1 ft Anne.

13 th George. y

I. 8th Jan. 1753, i€ih George 2.

Expiring

Laws,

Ordered, That the Book, containing the said Copies, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said original Charters and Indenture do remain in the Custody of the Clerk, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and Arft composed or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books; which Ad was to continue in Force, from the 29th Day of September 1739> for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1754., and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an Act made in the 5th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the First.-Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1754, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limited, and also for the free Importation of Indico, which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1734, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1754, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down and destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; and also an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works erected by Act of Parliament for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, which said Acts expired, and were afterwards, by an Act made in the 15th and 16th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, revived, and were to be in Force, for the Purposes therein mentioned, from the First Day of June 1742, until the First Day of June 1747; and which, by another Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1754, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina in America directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 17 30, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue the said Act, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia in America (which said Acts were, by an Act, made in the 1 jth and 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

1 continued.

27 Geo. II.

18° Febru.

959

contintird, from the Expiration thereof, until the First of, until the ift Day of "June 1754, and from thence to Day of June 1 v -4. an 1 from thence to the End of the the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near thrn next Session or Parliament'; and which was, by expiring, and fit to be continued.

another A cl rr. a tic in the 20th Year of the Reign of his The First Resolution of the Committee being read a

prefcnr Majdlv, further continued, from the Expiration Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon,

thercor, until the first Day of June 1754, and from thence agreed to by the House.

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read

Rejvived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being

That the icvcral ClaulVsin an Act, made in the 5th Year severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question

of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act against severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

a Second time, was postponed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being

clandcrtinr Running of uncustomed Goods s and for the , That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to

more clTctbial Preventing of Frauds relating to the Cuf- such of the said Resolutions as have been agreed to by toms relating to such foreign Goods, Wares, and Mer- the House: And that Mr. Bacon and Mr. Cocks do chandizes. as.lh.ill be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or prepare, and bring in, the fame.

clandcrtinr Running of uncustomed Goods j and for the

Vefiei in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Vcfill, or Boar, ami also relating to Goods not reported, of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider and found after ciearir.g Ships, and whereby further Re- further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted

and found after ciearir.g Ships, and whereby further Re- further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted medics are provided a gainst relanding Goods prohibited to to his Majesty, That they do consider* of the Act men-fce worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out tioned in the ad of the said Resolutions which was post-for P«’.: ts beyond the Seas, and also relating to the open- poned.

i. 2 or a reding the Package of Goods on board Ships

outward-ln. !. and also relating to hovering Ships or Mr. Grove presented to the House, according to Or-

12 or a :ng the Package of Goods on board Ships

outward-ln. and also relating to hovering Ships or Mr. presented to the House, according to Or- Leicestert

V«-fills of the ion then of Fifty Tons or under, and also der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the

cone* rning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be Borough of Leicester to the Town of and

exprrttd, am! also relat ng to Rum imported in Calks from Leicester aforesaid to the City of and

cr - tlTel-tir-t containing'I wenty Gallons at the least, and from thence through the Town of Kenilworth to the

all'i irlatit g o Certificate Goods entered in order to be Borough of and from thence to Halford Bridge,

exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for and from the said Borough of Warwick to the Borough

the i rrm of Three Years, from the several Times of of Stratford upon slvcn, and from the said City of Coventry

the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the Fnd to a certain Place called Gutter, in the Parish

of the then next session of Parliament respectively; and of S, leading towards Stoneleigh Town, in the said

which, by another Act passed in the 9th Year of his said County of; and for supplying an Omillion in

late Majesty’s Reign, were continued, from the Expiration an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for re-

of the several and respective Terms therein mentioned, pairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to

for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the de la Zouch, in the County of And the fame

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was received; and read the First time.

Mr. Grove presented to the House, according to Or- Leicesterto

pairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to

laid Clauses, by an Act made in the Second Year of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued

until the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act; Commerell’s to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for naturalizing John Ulric Commerell, was read a Second Nat* by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of time.

his present Majesty, were further continued, from the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September >742, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. , Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Sir

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of John Glyime, Mr. Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bacon,

Parliament; and by another Act, made in the 15th and Mr. Hamilton, Mr: Grove, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Martin,

16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were Mr. Ker, Lord Upper Mr. Southwell, Mr. Cocks,

further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the Mr. Wi/kinfon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Verney, Mr.

First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of FeUowes, Sir Edmund , Mr. , Mr.

the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an- Mr. Hob Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More-

other Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his ton, Mr. , Mr. Warburton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Lyt-

present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expi- telton. Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John

ration thereof, until the First Day of June 1754, and Hinde Cotton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kent, Sir Wm. Calvert,

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Medlicott, Mr.

liament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued. Barbor, Mr. Metcalfe, Colonel Conway, Mr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Mr. Grenville,

That an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his Mr. Core, Mr. Craven, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Watson: And

late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, the Speaker’s Chamber, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to sub-

jest Copper Ore of the Production of the British Planta- An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Kettering, tions to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities leading from the Toll-gate in the Parish of , &c.Road*.

of the like Production are subject, which was to be in Force through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of for Two Years, from, the 25th Day of March 172a, and Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- to Newport in the County of Bucks; and for

liament; and which, by several subsequent Acts (except repairing and widening, or rebuilding the said Sherrington the Clause obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Qua- Bridge; was read the t hird time.

rantine), was to have further Continuance to the lft Day R, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, of June 1747. and from thence to the End of the then An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made the Toll-gate in the Parish of through the Town

in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of , in the County of Northampton, and

was intended to be further continued to the First Day of through , over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pag-June 1754. but by Mistake, the Year 1747 was inserted nel, in the County of Bucks', and for repairing and withered instead of the said Year 1754; and which, by an dening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington Bridge.

Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Majesty,was further conrinued,from the Expiration there- Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

You. 26. Art

Bedford, &c. Roads.

frormanton

ndofure.

Cornwall

Tinners.

Salford Ca* lal.

9 60 18° Februarii. A. 1754.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the High Ror.d fiom a Place called Saint Loyds, in the Town of Bedford, through the Parishes of Bromham and Chichley, to the Way-poll in Sherrington Field, where the said Road joins the High Road from the said Town of Olncy to the Town of Newport Pagnel $ and also the High Road from Bromham aforesaid to the Town of Launden otherwise Lavenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or enlarging, Sherrington Bridge, in the Road from the said Way-post to the said Town of Newport Pagnel , was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 4. Before " Stagden," to insert "and," and to leave out " and AJlwood: "

L. 5. After "of," to insert "AJlwood."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from a Place called Saint Loyds, in the Town of Bedford through the Parishes of Eromham, Stagfden, AJlwood, Hardmead, and Chichley, to the Way.poit in Sherrington Pield, where the said Road joins the High Road from the Town of Olney to the Town of Newport Pagnel; and also the High Road from Bromham aforesaid, through the Parishes of 'Purvey and Colcbray Field, to the Town of Launden other wise lavenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham j and for applying Part of the Money arising the reby, towards repairing, rebuilding, or widening, Sherrington Bridge, in the Road from the said Way-post to the said Town of Newport PagncL

Ordered, That the Earl of Upper OJfory do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Nor man* on, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Normanton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to repeal a Proviso in an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Better Adjvjfting, and more easy Recovery, of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, which provides that the said Act shall not extend to the Stannaries in-Devon and Cornwall; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Strange, Mr. Phomas Pilty Mr. Kynajloity Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Lyficr, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Sydenham, l^ofd Dupplin, Mr. Martin, Lord Harley, Sir Charles Kemys Pynte, Mr. Nugent, Mft Prowse, Mr. Oswaldy Mr. Lowndes, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Warburton% Mr. Bacon, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pbomton, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Colleton, Mr. More ion, Sir Roger Newdi-vate, Mr. Willey, Sir Cor del hire brace. Sir Francis P ople, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Northey, Mr. Barry, Mr. Palmer, Sir Waller Blackett, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Wright e, Mr. Wcdehoife, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Corn-wallx Devon, Softerjet, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

certain Place in the Township of Salford to the Town of Leigh, and from thence to or near the Town of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and performing all other Works relating the reto: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Alexander Whale Brown and George Steel, Merchants in Edinburgh, for FilJlcry« themselves and Partners (which was presented to the House upon Monday the 21 ft Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly 5

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Erskine, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Fletcher, Mr. Phorr.hagh, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Torke, Lord Strange, Mr. Willey, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lyster, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Edmund Phomas, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Newnham, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Pbomton,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. MlKetizie, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hay,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pownfhend, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Bacon, Lord Harley, Lord Upper OJfory, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Webster, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hill, Mr. Cocks, Lord Verney, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Bapt. Leveson Gower, Mr. Torke,

Mr. Alstone, Mr. Richards, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Ridley,

Sir Whistler Webfcr\ and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Glasgow effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Roa<is-' Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Carysfort, according to Order, reported Diaper from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the amonS Bill for the better Preventing of the Spreading of the Cattlc\ Distemper which now rages among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place \ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made-by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjoCrned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

*. The Lord Strange, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making a navigable Channel from a

27 Geo. II.

190 Februarii.

961

Bedford Level Corpo-xatioa Debt,

Mart is, 190 dfo Februarii;

Anno 27* Georgii II*11 Regis, 1754. Prayers.

A PETITION of John Bonnell Esquire was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of the Conservacors of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln-, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow!and; will greatly prejudice the Petitioner, if the same should pass into a Law as it now stands, the Petitioner having a considerable Estate in South Holland\ in the County of Lincoln: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or to such Part thereof as affects and relates to the Property of the Petitioner; and that he may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordaed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke of Higham Ferrers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill fo/the more effectual Preventing of Clock-Frauds and A bufes committed by Persons employed in make.s' the Manufacture of Clocks and Watches, was read the J^rneymen. Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the mote effectual Preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Clocks and Watches.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bonifai* for naturalizing haul Bonifds, was read a Second time. Nat* Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Oswald,

I,ord Dupplin, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Sergifon, Sir William Calvert, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Elliott, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hums, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Thornton, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Belchier,

Sir Francis Poo'e, Mr. Ker, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Torke, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Hadane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Salisbury, Mr.

Wilson, Mr. Thornbagb, Sir Edmund. Thomas, Mr.

Wilkinson, Lord Burghley, Sir John Turner, Mr. West, Mr.

Fell owes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. James Grenville, Mr.

Drake, Mr. Whittington, Sir Walter Blackett, Lord

Carysfort, Colonel Standcvix, Mr. Cocks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Market Har-

bo rough

Road.

Westwood Gate, See.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Dejlorough, Rowell, Ketteiing, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwcod Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Town of Higham Ferrers, and over ArtLb^rough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rufisden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

VOL. 26.

The Lord Burghley reported from the Committee, to Leicesterto whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Uppingham the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of Road’ the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at*the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read:

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers Mutiny and and Soldiers in the Service of the Company of Merchants Desertion in of England trading to the East Indies; and for the East India Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or Service* at the Island of Saint Helena; was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

C Lord Dupplin, 1 Mr. Tracey: ]245-

K Lord Egmont, S* 1 Mr. Nor they: }50

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

i a M

And

Uckfield, &c. Road.

Welton

Inclosure.

Market Hap-

borough

Road.

Leicester to Uppingham Road.

Rochdale

Road.

961

‘ And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Februarii;

Anno 1270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to.Langney Bridge, in the Parish of West bam, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 25 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the Counpy of Leicester, through TjeJborough, Rowell, Ketterings Barton Seagrave, and Yhrapston, in the County of Northampton, and through Bylborne, Spalazvick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, _ and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market liar borough, in the County of Leicester, through Dejborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Tbrapfton, in the County of Northampton, and through By theme, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to IVansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petirion of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, living near, and travelling on the Road from, the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was prefenced to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing $nd widening the Road from the Town of

A. 1754.

Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancnfler, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York And alleging That the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless a Toll or Duty be laid On Carriages loaden with Coals: And therefore praying, That Provisiori may be made, rn the said intended Act, for laying such a Duty on Coal Carriages as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to Whom the said hill is committed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply* to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyj Ordered, That the Account of Exchequer Bills (land* ing out in purlliance of an Act of the Tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and charged upon the Dufy on Sweets, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the net Mon'ey/pa»4 into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, o£fhe Di^y on Sweets, for Seven Years last past, ,be referred to the said Committee. \

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his MajestyV Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from thV Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of out Handing Bills of Exchange, and Certificates drawn from Georgia in Arne* rica, for Values, supplied for the Use of the Provincial Troops and Vessels there, between Michaelmas 1743, and Midsummer 1747, by Order of the Commanding Officer, was referred, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions, which, upon the 13th Day of April]in the last Session of Parliament) were reported from the Committee, of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to inquire into the State of the King’s Bench Prison, and of the Office of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench, and of the Appendix annexed to the said Report (and which Resolutions were then agreed to by the House) might be reads And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

<c Resolved, That the Prison of the Marshalsea of the (i Court of King’s Bench is, in its present Condition,

<c unsafe for the Custody, and dangerous to the Health,

<c of the Prisoners, which Inconveniencies cannot be remedied unless the Prison be rebuilt. c< Resolved, That the Office of Marshal of the Mar(halfea of the Court of King’s Bench is an Office of " great Trustand Importance.

" Resolved, That the granting in Fee by King James " the First, and the subsequent Mortgaging of the Office 4< of Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s " Bench, by Persons claiming Title under the Crown,

<c has been a very great Obstruction to the due and proper Exercise of the said Office, highly detrimental to <c the Authority and Jurisdiction of the said Court, and <c to the Safety of the Prisoners committed to the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s 13ench.

<c Resolved, That the Sum of Ten thousand Five hun-ct dred Pounds will be a full and sufficient Compensation <c to the Mortgagees of the Office of Marshal of the f< Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench, for their " Estate and Interest in the said Office."

And

190 — 2 o°

27 Geo. IL

— 21

Februari

965

And a Motion being made, That the Laid Retaliations be referred to the Laid Committee of the whole House, whom it is referred to conQder further of the Supply

w ! n.

to

1U w IIVII .. --

granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Matter mentioned in the

*" the Consideration of

Jfiiid Rtfolutions, recommends it to

the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the

Consideradon of the Committee of the whole House, to

\vhom it is referred to consider further of the Supply

granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for the rebuilding the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Proceedings of the Convr.issioners for building IFeJlminster Bridge, from the 23d Dav of January 1753, to the 20 h Day of Nwemr her following, inclusive, be referred to the find C atUf mittee.

Qrdcredy That the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster B’idge, trom the 5th Day of January 1 to the 10th Day ot Uftober following, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Haminjc took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr.Hardinge reported trom the Committee, That they had come to several Rcfoiutions; which they had di-retted him to report, when the House will please to receive the Ume.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hardinge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, Thar they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the 8upply granted to his Majesty.

A.nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

the Committee had examined the'Allegations of the Bilk, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee ^ad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without ' $nv Amendment; and he delivered the iiilLin at 'the

Clerk's Tajble. ' '

Mr. O/wald reported from the Committee, to whom «the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul lionifasy was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and f;>und the same to be true; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. /

Bonifas*

Nat.

Mr. Krjkine reported from the Committee, to whom rthe B;ll for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of -Ale and Beer brewed lor Sale, vended or sold, within d)C

Clackwait-

Aloa

Harbour.

2l'

Georgii

die Februari

Ilal Regis, 1754.

Aflterfwell HiU Road.

Canterbury '0 WUitstable Road,

OVISy Anno 27

Bx. AX IR5,

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. IVaple and Mr. Hclford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment on Afterjivcll hoppofue to Chilcombe Farm, through the l'own of Bridport, to Penn , and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of in the County of Dofet; and also the Road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the'l'own of , to the Work-

hou-e at the Eat\ End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunjians near the City of Canterbury, to the Water Side at in the County of Kent, without any Amendment.

And then the Meffenjrrs withdrew.

-Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee 'Had gone through the Bill, and made several Amcnjd-tnents thereunto; which they had d.rtftt-d hurt to repdrt to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in.at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once :read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Molesworth reported from the Committee, to Cornwall whom the Bill to repeal a Proviso in an Act, trade in the 'tinners. 20th-Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Adjusting, and more cafy Recovery, of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the becter Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, which provides that t’nc said Act shall not extend to the ‘Stannaries in Devon and Cornwall, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rtfad the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the.Amend- ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Jurisdiction of the Stannary Courts.

And the said Proviso was twice read; and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to lie made Part of the Bill.

at Amendments, be

ingrossed.

ConvmertU’i

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

naturalizing John Clrit Commetell,was committed, That Vol. ah.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do make the Re- St atford port from the Comrpittee, to whom the Bill for repairing ^P^Avoa and widening the Roads ft om the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through,

in the said County, and Feckenbam,to a Place called Bradey Brook, in the County of and from

Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabbs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through I Jewell Lane and Burcott to the fcrefs of Hands on a Common called I’be Leekbay, and out of tlewellLane, through Church Lane

and 'Tutne/l, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, was committed:

Sir Charles Mordaunt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true \ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and to made

hw r

Leicester to Upp ingham Road.

Noguier's

Nat.

964

21

Februarii.

A. 17 54.

made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic; Where the Amendments were once read throughout* and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to IVansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to IVansford, in the County of Northampton, and vfrom thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton.

Ordered, That the Lord Burghley do carry the Bill to ^Jje Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Mary Ncguier, Widow, and Reli# of in consequence, of the said Will, be in a great measurej John Noguier, of Leeds, in the County of York, Mer- if not totally, destitute, of a Subsistence; is earnestly dechant, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; firous that some Provision may be made for the said only setting forth, That the said John Noguier, being a natu- Son and Heir: And that alrhough by complying with, ralized Subje# of this Kingdom, by his Will, dated the and performing, the Condition by the said Will, annexed .9th of September 1753, gave and devised his Estate at to her making her Option of, and taking, the real Estate Redcoat, in the Town ship of Armley, in the County of York, to the Petitioner, and her Heirs, for ever; and all other his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County, to the Petitioner, for her

Share of the Overplus of his personal Estate, onto his said Wife; and in case his said Daughter died unmarried, or married without such Consent, as aforesaid, before (he attained her Age of Twenty-one Years; that then, and in either of such Cases, he gave and devised his said Estates at Armley, and elsewhere, unto his said Wife, and her Heirs, for ever, although (he had chosen to accept the Terms of his Marriage Contract; and that he appointed James Tijfier, of the City of London, and Thomas Lee, of Leed$, in the County of York, Merchant, Executors of his kid Will: And by a Codicil to his Will, dated the 8th Day of December 1753, directed his Executors (after Payment of his Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies, and talcing out the Sum of 3,000l. for his said Daughter’s Portion as aforesaid) to pay the Overplus "of his said perfooal Estate to his Son Anthony Noguier, for his own Ufc: And further setting forth. That the said John Ncguier died on the 24 th Day of December 1753, leaving I flue by the Petitioner Two Children, both born in England, viz. Anthony Noguier, his only Son,. who hath attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, and Ann Noguier, his only Daughter, who is under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and no other Issue; and that the Petitioner, having taken into Consideration the Condition and Circurr,dances of the Estate and Family left by the Teltacor, and that his only Son and Heir is by his Will absolutely disinherited of the real Estate of his Father, and deprived of the greatest Part of his personal Estate; and will, by the Terms, and

thereby devised to her, (he might be enabled to make some Provision for her said Son, yet, as the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; and hath not yet been naturalized by Authority of Parliament, it may Life; and, after her Death, to his Daughter Anne. and‘ be doubtful whether, by any A# now to be pa fled merely her heirs; upon Condition that the Petitioner should, and solely for her Naturalization, she would be qualified within One Month after hisDeceafe, agree to accept the to take and hold the -said real Estate, pursuant rO, and in

said Devises in lieu of Dowry, and of the Right which she had or might have to all his Estates by virtue of the Articles or Contract made at their Marriage; but, in case she should refuse to accept the said Devises on the said Terms, that then he devised all his Estates, both at Armley and elsewhere, to his Executors, upon the Trusts thereafter mentioned; and willed, that his Executors should punctually fulfil the Terms of the said Marriage Contract, by paying her i,oooo/. immediately after his Decease, and an Annuity of jo/. so long as she should continue his Widow, and unmarried; and that when his Daughter should have attained her Age of Twenty-one Years, and be then unmarried, or married with the Consent of his Executors and his Wife, his Executors should convey the said Estates to his Daughter, and her Heirs; and that they should in the mean time receive the Rents and Profits of the said Estates for her Benefit; and that he gave to his Wife jo/, and to his Son and Daughter 25/. apiece, and all the Residue of his personal Estate, after Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, unro his Executors, in Trust, that they should set apart thereout 3,000l. for his Daughter’s Marriage Portion, to be by them put out at Interest; and directed, that, if his personal Estate amounted to more than 3,000l. at the time of his Death, his Executors should divide the Overplus of it amongst his Wife, Son* and Daughter, by equal Portions; and that his said Executors should allow and pay to the Petitioner 50/. yearly out of his Daughter’s Share of his personal Estate, by Quarterly Payments, for her Maintenance and Education, till she ' should attain her Age of Twenty-one Years, or marry with fuchConfenc as aforesaid; and in case his Daughter married before she attained her Age of Twenty-one Years, without such Consent as aforesaid, that then he gave the said 3,000l. together with what further might fall to her

consequence of, such Option, and according ro the Inters tion and Meaning of the Testator, as expressed in his said Will; and that the Petitioner, who was born at Geneva, but hath constantly profefied the true Protestant Religion, and hath given Testimony of her Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom, is defiroift to be made a free Subje# of Great Britain, and to be qualified and enabled to take and hold the Estate given and devised to her by her Husband’s Will, upon the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned: and is willing and desirous to make such Provision thereout for her said Son, as to the House shall stem just and reasonable; but that this cannot be effe#ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore, as, from the Shortness of the Time since the Death of her Hufoand, and the Distance of her Habitation from Westminster, the Petitioner was unable to prefer her said Petition within the Time . limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills, praying the House, That she may be at Liberty to exhibit her Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid;

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House, of Friday the 16th Day of November last, and also the Order made upon Thursday the 20th Day of December last, in relation to the Time for receiving Petitions for private Bills, by which last Order the Time for receiving Petitions for private Bills, was limited to the 21st Day of January last, might be read;

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 24th Day of January, in the 4th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne (of Leave being given to present a Petition for a Bill for accommodating the Differences between the Dean and Chapter of Westminster and their Lessee, and the Parish of Saint

Bridget,

4

2 7 Geo. II. a i ° -

Nogutcifi Bridget, alias Bride's, London, touching the Tythes of au the said Parish, notwithstanding the Order against pre-

feming no more Petitions for private Bills after that Day) might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered. That, upon Consideration only of the very particular and extraordinary Circumstances of the same let forth in the said Petition of Alary Noguier, Leave be given to exhibit a Petition for bringing in a Bill as desired by the said Mary Noguier, in her said Petition, just now read.

Then a Petition of the said Mary Noguier was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as are mentioned in the last-recited Petition; and taking notice of an Except ion in the Condition mentioned in the Will of the said John Noguier, touching the Petitioner’s Right to his Houshold Furniture, Plate, and Jewels j and also taking Notice of a Legacy left by the said John Noguier' to his Biother and Sifter; and setting forth. That the said John Noguier made a Codicil to his said Will, dated the x8th Day of October 1753, and thereby directed his Executors to pay all the Interest which should arise from the Money given and set apart by his said Will for his Daughter’s Portion, until the same became

Siyable unco the Petitioner, to be by her applied, at her iferetion, for the Maintenance and Education of his said Daughter, without being accountable to any Person for the lame: And praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said last mentioned Petition;

Mr. Comptroller, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, Thar his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Conlcnr, as far a* his Majesty’s Interest may be concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said last mentioned Petition:

And that Mr. Comptroller and the Lord Ehwne do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fam*»

Sapply. Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refolucions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four hundred Ninety-nine thousand Six hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be issued to cancel and discharge the like Sum in Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and charged on the Duty on Sweets, as also such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from time to time become due and payable for Interest upon the said Exchequer Bills, until the same shall be paid off.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Three hundred Ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Tear 1753, and not provided for by Parliament.

Btjolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven thousand Fifty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1754.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commis-(tonens for building a Bridge croft the River Thames* from the City of V/eJhninster, to the oppbfue Shore* in VOL. 26.

the County of Surry, to maintain the said Bridge, and to perform, the other Trusts repoied in them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Four hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to satisfy the several Principal Sums remaining due, of Bills drawn from America, and Certificates given for the Pay of Two Troops of Rangers, One Highland Company, Boatmen,

Half Gallies or Schooners in Georgia, and other Charges thereunto belonging, and for extraordinary military Services, to Midsummer 1747, agreeable to the Report of the Auditor of the Imprest.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be paid to and for the Mortgagees of the Office of Marshal of the Mar-(halfea of the Court of King’s Bench, in Consideration of, and full Satisfaction for, their Estate and Interest in the said Office, and whatever is thereunto belonging.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon Payment of the said Sum of Ten thousand Five hundred Pounds to the said Mortgagees, and upon their executing a Release of their Tide and Interest to and in the said Office, and whatever is thereunto belonging; and, from and after a Time to be limited, in case no Claim shall be made before that time by any Persons interested in the Equity of Redemption of the said Office, and whatever is thereunto belonging, the said Prison, and whatever is thereunto belonging, and the Power of granting the Custody thereof, and of the said Office of Marshal, be re-vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; subject however to such Regulations and Prp-visions, with regard to the Execution of the said Office, and to the Government of the said Prison, as shall be made by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Eight hunT dred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of rebuilding the said Prison of the Mar-(halfea of the Court of King’s Bench.

The Four First Refolucions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Resolution of the Committee,' being reaii a Second time;

The House was moved, That the Report from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchant^ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of out-standing Bills of Exchange, and Certificates drawn fron}

Georgia in America, for Values supplied for the Use the Provincial Troops and Vessels, there, between Michaelmas 1743, and Midsummer 1747, by Order, of the Commanding Officer, was referred; and also that several Parts of the Appendix annexed to the said Report; might be read:

And the same were read.accordingly.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Three last of the said Resolutions: And that Sir William.

Calvert and Mr. Hardinge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Mutiny and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ndia

upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of $ervice. Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the I (land of Saint Helena;

Ordered, That the several Charters, and Copies of Charters, and also the Indenture, which were presented to the House upon Monday last by Mr. Robert James% liN Secretary

CoramerelPa

Nat.

Kitchin’s

Estate.

Kemp’i

Estate.

Cornwall

Tinners,

Leicester to

Coventry

Roads.

966

210 — 22°

Secretary to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Tracey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tracey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wijl please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A. 1754.

A

Veneris, 2 2° die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754. Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing John Ulric Commerell, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Fonnereau reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impowerthe Committee of the Estate of Elizabeth Kit chin Widow, a Lunatick, one of the Sifters and Coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of her Estate, during her Lunacy, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without iany Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of William Kemp Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold pursuant to Articles; and for applying the Purchase Money for the Benefit of the Children of the said William Kemp, in such Manner as is directed by the said Articles; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossfed BUI to repeal a Proviso in an Act, made in the 20th Tear of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Adjusting, and more ealy Recovery, of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices; which provides that the said Act shall not extend to the Stannaries in Devon and Cornwall\ was read the Third time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act to repeal a Proviso in an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Adjusting, and more easy Re- covery, of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices; which provides that the said Act shall not extend to the Stannaries in Devon and Cornwall.

Ordered, That Sir John Molcsworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and

from Leicester aforesaid to the City of Coventry and from thence, through the Town of Kenilworth, to the Borough of Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from the said Borough of Warwick to the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and from the said City of Coventry to a certain Place called Mariyn's Gutter, in the Parish of Stichally leading towards Stoneleigh Town, in the said County of Warwick; and for supplying an O million in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Great-heed t Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Grove, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr.

Neale, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Lyfler, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Southwell, Lord Hillsborough,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Pitt, Lord Hobart, Mr.

Prowje, Mr. GrenvillCy Lord Strange, Mr. Bateman,

Mr. Caley, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hume, Colonel Cornwallis, Lord Dupplitty Mr. IF eft, Mr. Thornton,

Mr. Mitchell, Lord Barrington, Mr. Page, Mr. Wrighte,

Mr. Craven, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Rob inf on, Mr. John Tor he. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Allgood\ Mr, Berkeley, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Wigley,

Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Gray, Lord Carysfort, Mr.-Hardinge, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Fa* zakerley, Mr Harvey, Mr. Drake, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Cor del Firebrace,

Captain Frankland, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Burrell, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Conyers; and all the Members who serve for the Gounties of Leicester, Warwick, Northampton, Gloucester, Nottingham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Bounty,to executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Jjavy . Britain, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the annual Charge of allowing a Bounty to Forty Chaplains, who have served on board his Majesty’s Ships for the Space of Five Years during the late Wars with France and Spain, Twenty at Two Shillings and Six Pence a Day each, and Twenty at Two Shillings.

And the said Estimate was read, and is as followeth 5

viz.

Admiralty Office, 19th February 1754.

ESTIMATE of the annual Charge of allowing a Bounty to Forty Chaplains, who have served on board his Majesty’s Ships for the Space of Five Years during the late Wars with France and Spain, Twenty at Two Shillings and Six Pence a Day each, and Twenty at Two Shillings.

Twenty, at 2 j. amounts to

Twenty, at 2J. amounts to

6 d. a Day each, od. a Day each.

Total - - £.

£. /. d. 912 10 —

73o —

1,642 10

The Total is One thousand Six hundred Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings.

Barrington, Thomas Villiers, ’ Will. Rowley.

be referred to to whom it is

the

re-

Ordered, That the said Estimare Committee of the whole House, ferrtd to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. ‘

Ordered,

27 <?e'o. II. 12° —

Ordered, That the Petition of the under-written, in behalf of themselves. and others, late Chaplains iq his Majesty's Navy, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 6th Day of "December last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of . the said Committee.

'ruroRoadi. A Petition of several Persons residing in or near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Co)nwally was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from the said Borough; and feeling forth, That the Road leading from the Top of Saint George's Hill to Tvetbeage Bridge, in the Way to the Borough of Helflone, in the said County, through the several Parishes of Kenwyn, Kea> Perran-Arworthall, Gwe-flop, and Stithians, is very ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing, widening, and jkeeping in Repair, the said last mentioned Road.

Ordered, Thar the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Moleywoith, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. pyilkinjoMr Sydenham, Mr. Mar tin, Mr Which-coty Mr. hugent, Lord Hobart> Mr. Gray, Mr. LytteU ton. Mr. Be chier, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Prowfey Mr. r Hardings, Sir Cor del Firelracey Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Sandy s> Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Allgoody Mr. Greathe.dy Mr Aiedlicott, Lord Robert B rtie, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Wbftler Webster, Mr. Locke, Mr Wrighte> Mr. Amyandy Mr. Wigley, Mr. Alderman Bakery Mr. Lofcelles, Mr. Frederick Mr. Townpend, Mr. Finch, Lord Verney, Mr. John Tor he, Mr. Ojfley, Lord Ancram} and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Cornwall Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mutiny and Mr. 'Tracey, according to Order, reported from the Desertion in Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Service punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers, in the Service of the Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies; or at the island of Saint Helena-, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-? ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limit-, ing the Continuance of the Act.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

) ,4.

So it passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Third "or," in Fol. 2, L. 2, and inferring the Word " and/’ instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word <cor" (land part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then an Amendment was made by the JJoufe to the Bill.

VOL. 26.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out a Clause therein, in Fol. 4. which enacts, That when and so long as as any of his Majesty's Forces shall be employed to act in Defence of any of the said Company’s Settlement, or to assist againstahyof the'tr Enemies, in the East Indies, the Power of appointing Courts Martial, or authorizing such Appointment, shall be in the Commander in Chief of such of his Majesty’s Forces for the Time being, over such of the said Comb pany’s Officers and Soldiers as shall belong to the principal Settlement where, or from whence, such Forces shall be employed.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill; t

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the- House to Ways and resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to con- Means, fider further of Ways and Means for Faifwg the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Ways and House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means* House, to consider Further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duty of Twenty.

Shillings for every Ton of Brandy, Wines, or Strong Waters, imported.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock. / t

Lunae> 2 50 die Februarii

Anno 270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

MR. Oswald reported From the Committee, to whom Whale the Petition of Alexander Brown and George Steel I FHhery-. Merchants in Edinburgh, for themselves and Partners, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House,* and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That by an Act made in the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fiffiery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects, a Bounty of Twenty Shillings/*r Ton was granted, until the 25th Day of December 1740, to the Owners of all British Ships of 200 Tons and upwards, which should be fitted out in the Manner, and agreeable to the Regulations, prescribed by the said Act for the Whale Fiffiery in the Greenland Seas or Davis's Straits, and the adjacent Seas, and be licensed to proceed upon such Fiffiery by any Three of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, and be employed only in such Fiffiery, and should return to such Port in this Kingdom as the Matter and Mate should, before the Sailing of such Ships, declare, upon Oath, they intended to return:

That the said Act was, by an Act made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, further continued until

Seamen.

68

25" Februa

J. 1754s,

til the 25th Day of Dtcemler 175a, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

And that the said Act was, by an Act made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, further continued until the 25th Day of December 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

That by the said Act, made in the 2id Year of his pre-ient Majesty’s Reign, a further Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Ton was granted during the Continuance of the said former Bounty, and under the same Conditions and Regulations, upon the Return of all the said Ships.

It appears, That a Licence was granted by Three Com-

Attfufl

September

OBober

November

December

Upon a Medium - -

- 9,3'* f 7»951

*,>3 4 7>*si

S.472 8,08 r

8>577 8,107

8.73* 1 8,197

j 100,163 95,7?2

-1 SJ46 7,981

S. Mostyn, R. OJbo

Jof. Allin,

Edxoard Fal

Dan. D G. Adams.

Exd

- . - Ordem/, That the said Account cio lie upon the Table,

missioners of the Customs in Scotland, on the 5th Day of 0 be perufecj by the Members of the House. April 17511 to James Grawfoerd, Master of the Ship called 1

Bdft of Hoptoun, so proceed with such Ship upon the Whale Fishery, and to return to the Port of Leith; and it also appears, by the said Licence, and a Certificate un-thef Hartds* of the Comptroller and Collector of the Pott of Ltilb, dated 17th Augtift 1753, That all the -Re*. guJitions and Conditions prescribed and appointed by the said Act had been complied with and performed, with re* sped to the fttd Ship; and that the said Ship failed from Leith Road on the 6ch of April 1751, and had not returned.

And it appeared by the Evidence of William Hedge, Soatfvvain, and John Potter, one of the Mariners on board the said 3hip, That the said Ship failed from Leith Road in the Month of April 1751, and proceeded on the Gree)tland Voyage: That in May following the Company of the said Ship {truck Two Whales; but in the Begin-

Mr. Cooke pretenitd to the House, according to Order, Rafctffo a Bill for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, in the Parish of 02 St. George, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex-, and also from Cannon Street into Cable Street, in the said County of Middlesex; and al so for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the West End of Brook Street to the Norrh End of Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex; and also from Upper Shadwell Street, into a Lane called The Back Lane, in the said County: Agd the same was received, and read thd First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Rochdale

ning of June was set fast to a large Piece of lee, and on whom iheBHl for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Roadl

the 10th Day of the farrie Month, the Weather then being very tefnpeftuous, was unavoidably wrecked; and that the Company were obliged immediately to betake themselves to their Boats, and had not Time to save any thing out of the Ship.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con* lideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con side r of the said Report.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, *presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1752, to the 31st December 1753, upon a Medium . of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

The said Account is as, followed; viz.


Navy Office, }AN Account of the Number of Sea*

January 1754,* j men employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1732 to the 31st December 1753, Upon *1 Medium Off es?ch Month; dtftmguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service; prepared pursuant to in Ordfcr of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the i-8ch January 1754.

- Months. Notfiber of Men

Borne. Multered.

January 7,4*6 6,98*

February A. - - - 7.991 7-546

March *' - - 8 >350 7,928

April - - - 8,250 8,084

May - - - 8,6oj 8,288

June ' 1- - - - M23 ’ 8,5* 4

- J&X *. iim ‘ 8,200

by an Act> made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lan-rafter, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had Considered the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, living near, and travelling, ort the Road froitf the Town of Rochdale, in the County PahtittzcfLaticaftef, to the Towns of Halifax* and Ealand, \n the County of York, referred to the Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hfe Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at ihe Clerk^s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a, Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingreiffed.

o -/

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and SaifordC others, who are Owners of Lands or Inhabitants in of naJ* aboat Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto fabferibed, in behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to the Mouse, and read; taking. Notice, Thatu Bill is depending in the House, to enable a Number of Petfons in Maucbejier aforesaid,* to cut a'navigable Channel, for the Space of more than Twenty Miles, through the Estates and Lands of Several Gentlemen, and others, who are interested in Lands within the said County, under a Pretence of bringing Coals, &c. to Mnncbtfivr; and alleging, That the said Persons formed and carried On ^heir Scheme very privately, and got. their Petition signed by foveral of their Friends, either inrereffed tterdn: Or ignorant thereof, anti lent up their said Petition, and iheir Witnesses to support it, before many of the PeciM tioners were apprized thereof; and That the f.iid Persons did pri^itt^ly-^nd; their Agents to farvey, me afore, hvel, and plan, che Lands and Elhires of ievera] Gentlemens 6 - and

27 Geo. II.

25° Februariu

969

and others, through which the said intended Canal is to pass, without the Privity, Knowledge, or Conlent, of the Owners of such Lands, or any the lead Application to them, their Agents, or Tenants, until after their said Petition was sent to Parliament; and did then absolutely refuse 10 discover or shew any Plan of their intended Scheme to the Owners of such Lands or their Agents, lomctimes pretending that they did not yet know their said Scheme, the same being not finally concluded or settled, and at other times that it was not proper to reveal it till they had obtained an Act of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe the said Scheme is intended for the private Profit and Advantage of the said Persons themselves, and not for any Benefit to the Publick, there being noOccasion for, or Need of, such a pretended Canal, the Publick having lately obtained an Act of Parliament, at a great Expence, to make Turnpike Roads to the several riaecs this pretended Canal is to be made to, wherein the Publick wiss vigorously opposed, and put to a great Expence, by the Persons or some of them, now concerned in this Canal; and that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe the said Canal, if it should take Effect, is in-rended to ruin and destroy the said Turnpike Roads, and render the said Act of Parliament fruitless; and that the said Persons intend afterwards to engross and monopolize to themiclves the Carriage of all Things to and from such Places, at what Prices they please, and to distress such Persons as have lent their Monies upon the Credit and Security of the said Act for making the said Turnpike Roads; and that the Petitioners have also great Reason to believe the Persons concerned in this Scheme intend to divert the River Irwellout of its ancient Course, and deprive the

Town of Mar chef er of the Use and Benefit thereof, as well as all those Land-owners whose Estates the said River now runs through, for the Space of near Two Miles; and that, when the said River is so diverted, they intend thereon to crcft several Milns, Machines, and other Engines, for manufacturing several Branches of the Manu-fastures in and about Maticbejier aforesaid, and thereby monopolize to themselves a great Part of the Trade and Bufintfs of the said Town, and distress several Traders, and many poor Persons who are employed by them, besides the great Damage that mull consequently attend the Lands and Estates of all such Gentlemen, and others, as the said Canal is intended to pass through; And therefore praying,

That, before the said Bill is read a Second time, Copies thereof may be delivered to the Solicitor or Agents of the Petitioners, to be sent to the Petitioners and the Owners of such Lands and Estates (several of whom are at a remote Distance) as the said intended Canal is to be cut through, to examine and consider how and in what manner the said Bill may affect the Publick, or damage the Owners of the Lands it is to concern; and that such Efficient Time be allowed for the fame, as to the House shall seem meet and proper for a Matter of such Moment and Consequence to that Country; and that if any Obscurities shall appear in the said Bill, that the said Persons concerned in the said Scheme shall fully and clearly reveal and discover their said Scheme in its full Extent, and in every Light and Branch thereof; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, touching such Objections as they may have to the said Scheme,

from the Towns of MaticbejierLeigh, and , and other Parts of the Country, will be rendered so convenient as to be very advantageous to the Trade of a considerable Part of the said Country: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Land-owners, Traders, and other In- Salford habitants of the Town of Wigan, and the Parts adjacent. Canal, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, by means of such Channel, the Conveyance of Goods, and all Sorts of Materials for Manufactures, to and from the said Towns, and the Town of Mantbefier, and Parts adjacent, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered less expensive; and also that the same will, in many other Respects, be of great Advantage to the Traders and other Inhabitants of the said Town and Country in particular, and the Publick in general:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Two last mentioned Petitions were feve- -rally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply.

Salford

Canal.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Bedford, &c. repairing and widening the High Road from a Place called Roads.

Saint Loydsin the Town of Bedford, through the Parishes of Bromham, Stagsden, Hardmead, and to the Way-pod in Sherrington Field, where the said Road joins the High Road from the Town of Olney to the Town of Newport and also the High Road from

bam aforesaid, through the Parishes of 'Purvey and -brayfiAd, to the Town of Launden, otherwise Lavenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or widening, Sherrington Bridge, in the Road from the said W ay-poll to the said Town of Newport nel; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act West wood for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate, &e. Gate, in the ParUh of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, Road* through the Towns of Rujbden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleb Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kettering, for repairing and widening the Road leading f om the fcc. Road, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Toil-gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of

Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington , to Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington Bridge-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Inlkip’s enable John Lade, heretofore called John Infkip, and the Name. Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lade only, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glasgow to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act Roads.

11 O passed

A Petition of the Land-owners, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Leigh, and the Parts adjacent, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the making of such Channel will be ? Means of supplying the Towns of Manchester and Sa ferd, and Country adjacent, with Coals and other Fuel from the Mines in that Neighbourhood, for the Use of their Poor, and the Service of their Manufactures, at a much easier Expence than they are now supplied with by Land Carriage; and that thereby the Conveyance of all Sorts of Goods and Manufactures to and Vol. 26.

GoO^fl

970 25 ° — 2 6° Februarit. 1754.

Squire’s Debt to the Crown.

Colebrooke’s Eft ate.

Speke’s

Leafing.

Mutiny and Desertion in East India Service.

passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Yreafurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenftm, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Sixth Part of Robert Colebrooke Esquire, of and in the Manor of Goldftone, and divers Lands in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to enable them to make such Conveyances thereof as shall be necessary for effecting a Partition agreed upon between the said Robert Colebrooke and the Owners of the other undivided Parts of the same Manor and Premises: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering Ann Speke, an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of her Estates in the County of Somerset, during her Minority; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracey have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Defection of Officers and Soldiers, in the Service of the Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the I Hand of St. Helena; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers, in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the Ittand of St. Helena.

Ordered, That for. Tracey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bridge ford Lane Road.

Speke’s

Leafing.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ob. Wyndham, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Savage Mostyn, Mr. Hen. Pelham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Phillipjon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Yongt have Leave to make a Motion:

And be moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Ann Speke, an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of her Estates in the County of Somerset, during her Minority; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Thomas have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Colebrooke’s Andan ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the undivided Sixth Part of Robert Colebrooke Esquire, of and in the Manor of Goldftone, and divers Lands in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to enable them to make such Conveyances thereof as shall be necessary for tifefting a Partition

agreed upon Between the said Robert Colebrooke, and the . Owners of the other undivided Parts of the same Manor and Premises, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 27® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from ^QUnlyon the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Linens. Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presenttd to the House, pursuant to the Directions of Two Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported from Scotland, paid out of such Parc of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to the 5th of January 1754 inclusive, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of an Act of the 22d, of his present Majesty; together with the Quantities of the several Pieces of Linen, for which the said Bounties have been paid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Allot Scots, or One Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Harbour. Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, vended or sold, within the Town and Barony of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan; and also a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town; for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, upon cverv Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, vended or sold, within the Town and Barony of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan-, and also a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town; for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Mr. Erskine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Stratford from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County upon Avon of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Roads* Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughtcn and Crabbs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Tide be

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Aktfler, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughton and Crabbs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands on a Common called Thel^eekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Chunk Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

Ordered,

27 Geo. IL 26° jFebruaHi. 971

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mardaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Deptford A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto

Poor Rates, subscribed, in behalf of chemselves, and others, the Truf-

*c* tees for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, and Bermondsey Street, in the County of Surry, to the Town of Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Levoifham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of a Clause in*an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Fourth, and the other of the Sixth, Year of the Reign of his inte Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in Kent-street, in the Parish of Saint George, in Southwark, in the County of Surry, leading to the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to the First Mill-pond at South End, in the Parish of Lewifham, in the County of Kent; and for amending the Road from Westminster Ferry, at Lambeth, in the said County of Surry, to New CrofSj in Deptford, in the said County of Kent; and for amending and making the said Acts more effectual; and for amending the Roads from the Lime Kilns aforesaid to the Town of Dartford, in the said Counry, and from a Place called St. Ibomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of St. George, to the Stones End in Bermondsey Street, in die said County of Surry; for the more effectual performing of Statute-work on t;,e Roads therein mentioned and described; and letting forth. That Part of the said Roads belong to die Parish of Deptford, in the County of Kent; and that the Surveyors thereof have, from time to time, as required by the said Act. delivered to the Justices of the Peace for the said County Lifts of the Persons who, by Law, are obliged to do Statute-work in the said Parish,or have compounded for their Statute-work; and taking Notice, That in the Bill now depending, relating (among other Things) to the repairing of the Highways, and cleansing of the Streets, of the said Parish, a Clause is inserted for abolishing the Office of Surveyors of the Highways; whereby, if diat Bid should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be deprived of the Benefit of the Stature-work, which ought to be done by virtue of the said recited Clause; because the Notice required by the said Act can be legally given to no other Person, or Officer, than the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish, nor can any one else legally compound ior a Sum of Money to be paid in lieu of such Statute-work as is directed by the said Act: And therefore, and in Consideration that no Agreement in relation to the Premises is yet made with the Petitioners, praying. That some Provision may be made in the said Bill, either for securing to the Petitioners the Benefit of the said Statute-work, or for obliging the Inhabitants of the said Parish to pay a reasonable Sum of Money in lieu thereof, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Supply. Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the C ommiccee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followed); viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty for paying a Bounty, for the Year 1754, of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day to Twenty Chaplains, and of Two Shillings per Day to Twenty more Chaplains, who have served longest on board his Majesty’s Ships of War; provided it appears by the Books of the said Ships, that they have bccnactually borne and mustered thereon, Vol. 26.

for the Space of Five Years, di/ring the late Wars with France and Spain; and provided likewise, that such Chaplains do not enjoy the Benefit of some ecclesiastical Living, or Preferment, from the Crown, or otherwise, of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Words " of the," and before<c annual," the Word <c present."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That a Sum* not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty for paying a Bounty, for the Year .1754, of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day to Twenty Chaplains, and of Two Shillings pee; Day to Twenty more Chaplains, who have served longest on board his Majesty’s Ships of War; provided it appears by the Books of the said Ships, that they have been actually borne and mustered thereon, for the Space of Five Years during the late Wars with France and Spain; and provided likewise, that such Chaplains do not enjoy the Benefit of some ecclesiastical Living, or Preferment, from the Crown, or otherwise, of die present annual Value of Fifty Pounds.

An ingrossed Bill, for nhe better preventing of the Distemper Spreading of the Distenaper which now rages among the among horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was read the Third Cattle* time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L. 14. After ‘c infefted," to insert u and if the of Place where any Cattle (lopped as aforesaid, were last " lodged, and to which they shall be ordered to be driven <c back, 3s aforesaid shall not be in the County or Riding <c where such Cattle were (lopped, the Driver, or Person <c having Charge of such Cattle, driven back as aforesaid,

<c shall, when he comes into the County or Riding <c wherein such Place is situate, apply to the First Justice " of the Peace, or Commissioner of the Land Tax, or c< Rector or Vicar, rated as aforesaid in such County or c< Riding, and shall produce to him the Order, directing " such Cattle to be driven back, as aforesaid; and such " Justice, Commissioner, Rector, or Vicar, shall make <c an Indorsement upon such Order, thereby requiring <c the Occupier of the Pasture, Clofc, or Field, where <c such Cattle were last lodged, to receive and detain such M Catde."

Pr. 11. L. zo. After €< Churchwardens," insert *c and."

L. a 1. After of Poor," insert " or Persons cc acting as such;" and, after <c and, " insert " for " the."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That t^e Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better preventing of the Spreading of the Ditlemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry tfic Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning) Nine of the Clock.

e

Truro

Roads.

Nene, &c, Rivers*

Encouragement of Coinage.

Ways and Means.

972

Mercuriiy 270 die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii II4* Regis, 1754. Prayers.

REAR Admiral Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons reading in or near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall,was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as folio wet h; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Reuben Poynter and John Bigg, being several I y examined, said, That they are well acquainted with the Road leading from the Top of St. George9s Hill, through the several Parishes in the Petition mentioned, to Tretheage Bridge; which is the Highway to the Borough of Hel-stone: That the same is very narrow, and in a ruinous Condition; and, by the ordinary Course and Methods appointed by Law, cannot effectually be repaired, widened, and so kept fit for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be an InRruftion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from the Top of Saint George's Hill to Tretheage Bridge, in the said County*

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and preserving the Navigation of the River Nene, from Salters load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, through Whittlefea Dyke, to Stand-ground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, through Old Bedford River and the Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramsey, and from thence to Floods Ferry, in the County of Cambridge-, is committed.

A Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, Rated' 5th April 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, Rated the 10th of October 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1753, hath been disposed of; diRinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day; of January 1754, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon; be referred to the said Commietee.

Ordered, That the Account of Exchequer Bills, fianding out in pursuance of an Act of the 10th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and charged upon the Duty on Sweets, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the net Money paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer of the Duty on Sweets, for Seven Years laR paR, be referred to the said Committee.

A. 1754.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day o{January 1754, of the Surplus on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, after satisfying al! Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1754 of the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, since the 25th of March 1719, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be'referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1754, of the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne, and the 6th of King George the Firfi, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon to the 5th of January 1754, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the Gentlemen Expiring appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions which, upon Monday the 18th Day of this infiant February, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued, as were then agreed to by the House, That they do insert a Clause in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, That all Acts that have passed for erecting Courts, of RequeRs, or Conscience, in several Cities, Towns Corporate, and other Places, within this Kingdom, shall, for the future, be taken and deemed to be publick Acts*

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Distrefsh more easy and effectual proceeding upon DiRreffes,to be justices of made by Warrants of JuRices of the Peace: And that Pcacc* Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock. I

Jovis, 280 die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754. j


Prayers. j

AP E TITIO N of Sir Oswald Mojley Baronet, Lord of SalMj the Manor of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Canal. 1 Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting I forth. That the Petitioner, in right of his said Manor, is J Proprietor of the Royalty and Fishery of the River trwell,

1 running

2 70 — 28° Februarii.

27 GEO. II*

2 8° FebruariL

973

Deptford Poor Rates, Ice.

running to and by the said Town and Manor, and betwixt the same and the Township of Salford, in the said County: And taking notice. That a Bill is depending in the House, to impower certain Persons to make a navigable Cut or Channel from some Place in Salford aforesaid 10 Leigh, and other Places therein mentioned: And alleging, That the Whole or greatest Part of the River Irwelly from whence the said Channel, and also divers Mills intended to be crested on or near to the said Channel, are to be supplied with Water, will thereby, at many Seasons of the Year, be diverted out of its ancient Course for the Length of several Miles, and be prevented from coming to, and flowing by, the said Town and Manor of Manchester, in manifest Prejudice of the Rights and Royalty of the Petitioner, and likewise to the Detriment of the Inhabitants of both the said Towns of Manchester and Salford, and many other Persons: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as he conceives willaffcft and prejudice his Right and Property, or that he may have such other Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. CoVeton reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry, and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: And Notice being taken, That a Petition relating to

vcl; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; is committed.

Mr, Hardinge, according to Order, reported, from tk$ Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Mean* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising tho Supply granted to his Majesty, the RefolUtions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surpluses, Exccfies, Overplus-monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it i$ the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Seven thousand Nine hundred Thirtyr seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1753, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it i9 the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Five hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, since the 25th Day of March 1719, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Refoked, That it 19 the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Sum of Thirty-two thousand Six hundred Fifty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence, remaining

the said Bill had been presented to the House upon Tuesday «n the Receipt of the Exchequer,^of the Surplus of the last, and had been then ordered to lie upon the Table 1

until the Report should be received from the Committer, to whom the said Bill was committed, in consequence of which Petition some other Amendments may be proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others the Trustees for repairing the Road* from the

Stones End in Kent-Jireet and BermondJey-street,in the County of Surry, to the Town of Dartjord, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Noguier’s Nat. &c.

Bt4f6r4

Level Corporation Debt.

The Lord Donne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Mary Widow;

and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the Estate devised by the Will of John Noguier, her husband, to make a Provision for Anthony Noguier, her only Son and Heir: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Morelon, Lord Burgh,'ey, Mr. Mr. Compton,

Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Phillipson, Alderman Mr.

Whittington, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Vernon, Mr Fanshaw, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of the Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln 5 and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for afeeruining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Lt-Vot. *6.

Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, be issued and applied towards making good the Sopply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar the Sum of Thirty thousand One hundred Ninety-five Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence Half penny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery Anno 1714, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That out of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus-monies, and Duties, commonly called the Sinking Fund, there be issued and applied the Sum of Four hundred Ninety-nine thousand Six hundred Pounds, to cancel and discharge die like Sum in Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to the Act of the toth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and charged upon the Duties on Sweets.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of 1754, the said Duties on Sweets shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for removing all Doubts concerning the Continuance of the Duty of Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Brandy, Wines, or strong Waters, imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the jath Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and lrom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an Act made in the 5th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and lrom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j and which, by another Act made in the 10th Year of the lleign of his said late Mjgcfty, was further continued for the Term of Seven

n P Years,

Encouraging tile Coinage.

Expiring

laws.

Distress by JuUices of rcace.

Whale

Fifcery.

Nene,

Rivers.

974 8° Februarii. — i0 Martii. 1754.

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another, Ad made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of Junt 1754, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Seven First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Campbell of Caldery Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses pursuant to the Eighth of the said Resolutions,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions, which, upon Monday the 18th Day of this instant February, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; as were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions this Day reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon ' DistrdTes to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Alexander Brown and George Steely Merchants in Edinburgh, for themselves and Parcners, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Lord Carysfort, Mr. Charles Gore, Lord Luxborough, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. IVilJon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Stewart, Sir Thomas Robin/on, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fane, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Lafcedes. Lord Burghley, Mr. Allgood, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Mr. Richards, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Richard Lloyrf, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Young, Mr. Bankes, be added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and preserving the Navigation of the River Nene, from Sal-for's Load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, through Whittlesea Dyke, to Standground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, through Old Bedford River and The Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramsey, and from thence to Floods Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i° die Martii;

Anno Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

J\d[dRY Noguier took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Mr. Edward Finch reported from the Committee, to Bridgtford whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Lane Rent the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout 5 and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingossed.

A Melfage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SaiotLabv for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places,

Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, tree8, within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for repairing the Highways, within the said Parish, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act MirfcetHs* for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Dejborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Tbrapfton, in the County of Northampton, and through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nonninto* for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of hcWbi*. Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Normanton, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act shildon for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Common, or Shil- Inciofoxe. don Moor, within the Manor and Barony of Bywell, in the County of Northumberland, with foine Amendments:

To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Perfam explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of ?edin the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in- &

tituled,

27 Geo. II.

Martii.

975

fir! of Powis’s KtUte ia Ireland*

Daly's

Estate.

Kitchin's

Estate.

Rochdale

tituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mi (lake in a Conveyance in Fee Farm made by Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, of the Manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and divers Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kerry, and making the same Conveyance effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Parc of the Eftace of Charles Daly Esquire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Aningrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Committee of the Estate of Elizabeth Kit chin. Widow, a Lunatick, One of the Sifters and Coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fonnereau do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill i viz.

Pr. 28. L. 23. After "intituled," to insert, "An c< Act for repairing and widening the Road from the " Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called €c BLickstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence " to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County " of Yorkr or by virtue of an Act, intituled."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lottery for Mr. Cooke, from the Committee, to whom the Book,

purchasing which was prefemed to the House upon Wednesday

the Sloanenn, the 12th Day of December last, intituled, An Account of the Contributors to the Lottery, directed by an °n#* Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Purchasing of the Musaeum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and for providing One general Repofuory for the better Reception, and more convenient Life, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereto, was referred; and who were to examine the said Book, and report to the Vol. a6.

House what they should find irt the same Material to be laid before the House j acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report; which they had directed him to make, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Speke1* for impowering Ann Speke, an Infant, to make Leases Leafing* and Copyhold Grants of her Estates in the County of Somerset, during her Minority; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Yonge, Mr. Page, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyjler,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Gere, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fa-zakerley, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Duke,

Lord Strange, Mr. Campbell, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Edmund IJhams Lord Harley, Mr. Warburton,

Mr. Hanger, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Tracey, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. West,

Mr. Leveson Gower; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, and Dorset:

And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjoum-House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next. ment.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committees, withstanding the said Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Deptford Watson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill jj rRatcs» for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul Deptford\ in the Counties of Kent and Surry; and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes; is committed.

A Bill for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Ratcliffe Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, in the Parish of St. George, through Cannon-street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from Cannon street into Cable-fired, in the said County of Middlesex 5 and also for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the West End of Brook-street to the North End of Cannon-street, in the County of Middlesex, and also from Upper Shadw ell-street into a Lane called The Back Lane, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Cooke,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Page, Sir William Beauchamp Prod or, Mr.

Nor they, Mr Affleck, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Allgood, Lord Strange, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Nicholas Bayley, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Myddelton, Sir William Yonge, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,

Sir Edmund Isham, Lord Harley, Mr. Warburton, Mr.

Moreton, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Loxkyer, Lord George Cavendish,

Mr. Bold, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Walfon, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Gil dart, Mr. Lafcedes, Mr, Ock-enden, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Alderman Baker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Surry, and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported, from the Whale Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Fishery. to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom

the

976 i° — 5* Martii. A. 1754.

the Petition of Alexander Bro wn and George Steel, Merchants in Edinburgh, for themselves and Partners, was referred, the Refoiutions which the Committee had directed him to report tb the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Ship mentioned in the Petition was properly fitted out for a Voyage to the' Greenland Seas, and there unavoidably loft.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury be impowered to direct, if they think fit, the Payment of the Bounty which the Petitioners would have been imitled to in cale the Ship had performed the Voyage, and all Matters required by the Acts of Parliament had been performed.

The said Refoiutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Refoiutions, which, upon Monday the 18th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired,or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; as were then agreed to by the House, That they do insert a Clause or Clauses in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Resolutions this Day reported, and agreed to by the House.

Shildon In- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the dofure. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Common, or Shildon Moor, within the Manor and Barony of By-well) in the County of Northumberland.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 18. L. 27. Leave out ct Two>" and insert

" Four:"

Pr. 19. L. 13. Leave out " Two," and insert

Four :*

L. 30. Leave but " Two," and insert

a Four."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally ptft thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Allgood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Powis’sEstate for rectifying a Mistake in a Conveyance in Fee Farm in Ireland, made by Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, of the Manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and divers Towns, Lands; and Hereditaments, in the County of Kerry, and making the same Conveyance effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Daly’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for veiling Part of the Estate of Charles Daly Esquire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second time.

Supply Bill; Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to

Sinking Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum

un ‘ of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus-monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1754; and for the further Disposition of the said Sinking Fund; and for carrying to the said Fund the Duty bn Sweets: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Colebrooke'* for veiling the undivided Sixth Part of Robert Colebrooke Eftaie. Esqaire of and in the Manor of Goldfiorie, and divers Lands, in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to enable them to make such Conveyances thereof as shall be ncceflfary for effecting a Partition agreed upon between the said Robert Colebrooke and the Owners of the other Undivided PirU of the same Manor and Premises, was read a Second tirtie.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster> Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Gtay, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Duke, Sir William Calvert,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wilkinfom, Mr. Chetwynd\ Mr. Eel* lowes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowfo, Mr. William Levefott Gower, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Gore, Mr. Myddelton, Mr.

Hay, Sir Richard Wrottefley, Mr. Kyrtafion, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Bayntun, Sir FramtS Drake, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Thomhagb, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fazakerley,

Colonel Cornwallis, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Newnham, Mr.

Cor new all, Mr. Cooke, Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir William Beauchamp Pro ft or, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Evelyn,

Lord Strange, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Barrow, Lord EgmOnt, Mr. Richards, Mr. FoHnereau, Mr. John Torke,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Morel on, Mr. Hanger,

Sir Nicholas Bay Icy, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Leighton, Mr,

Hervey, Mr. Allgood, Mr. M'Leod, Mr. Gybbvn, Mr.

Page, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Shelley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry,

Sujfox, and Essex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Cornmietefc of die EnC0ar*gc-whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for went of Encouragement of the Coinage of Money. Coinage.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tutfd&y Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 50 die Martii;

Anno 27* Georgii II4' Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

\ MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and /V Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Le;cester for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough Uppioghi of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Road. Uppingham, in the County of Rutland\ and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Sol- Desertic diers in the Service of the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies \ and for the Pu- ervice' niftiment of Offences committed in the East Indies» or at the Island of Saint Helena, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed tb the BiW, intituled, An Act ciock-2 for maker

Jourw

17 Geo. II. 50 Martii.

911

for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses the Intent of the said Act, inasmuch as all Coals navi-committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of gated on the said intended Channel to Salford will be Clocks and Watches; without any Amendment: And diverted from passing through the Toll-bar in Pendleton; also, and that the 1 oils collected there (which are the chief

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fund for repairing the Roads) will be so much diminished, to repeal a Proviso in an Act. made in the Twentieth as will disable the Trustees from borrowing necessary Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act Money on Credit of the said Act; so that the Roads for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery, of the cannot be completed, but many Parts must unavoidably Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation remain unpafiable or dangerous for several Years to the of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices, which pro- Disappoinement of Gentlemen, and other Travellers, and vides that the said Act shall not extend to the Stannaries will occasion a general Discontent in the Country, at the in Devon and Cornwall; without any Amendment. Continuance of a Tax without an adequate Benefit refulc-

And then the Messengers withdrew. ing from it: And therefore expressing the Hope of the

Petitioners, That the House will take the Premises into An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard, for naturalizing Paul Bonifas, was read the Third time. by Counsel, against the said Bill, or give such other Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the , A Petition of Anne Chetbam, of Smedley within Chetham, Salford Cat-Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed in the County of Lancaster, Lady of the Manor of Brough- naL to the fame, without any Amendment. ton, in the Parish of Manchester, in the said County, was

also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That,

Salford Ca- A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Bur- if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be gestes, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Manchester, very prejudicial to the said Manor, and the Petitioner’s in the County of Lancaster, whose Names arefubferibed, Rights therein, and detrimental to the Tenants thereof; in behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants of and will also be prejudicial to another Estate belonging to the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; the Petitioner, called New Barn, lying in Pendleton, in taking notice, That a Bill is depending in the House for the said County: And therefore praying, That the Peti-making a navigable Channel from a certain Place in the tioner may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, or Township of Halford, to the Town of Leigh, and from such Parts thereof as will affect the Petitioner’s Right and thence to or near the Town of Wigan, in the said County, Property, or may have such other Relief as to the House and performing all other Works relaring the reto: And shallieem meet.

reciting some Provisions in the Laid Bill for conveying A Petition of Samuel'Hilton, Samuel Clowes, and Joseph Water from the River Irwell into the said Channel; and Clowes, Esquires, and Thomas Clowes Gentleman, was also for erecting Mills, Warehouses, and other Buildings, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That upon or near the Sides thereof: And alleging, That the the Petitioners (who have Lands situate within the Line Petitioners, and others the Burgesses and inhabitants of of the said intended Channel) were some time since in the said Town, will be deprived of the Use and Benefit duced, by some of the Undertakers, to sign their Con-of the said River Water, if the said Bill pafles into a fents to the said Undertaking; but that, the Petitioners Law; and that the said Bill will tend to fruftratetheDe- having seen a Copy of the Bill depending in the House. sign of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for for the Purpose aforesaid, the Petitioners conceive the repairing the Roads from Salford aforesaid to Wigan same will be very prejudicial to the Lands of the Peti-and Bolton, and thereby enable the Undertakers to raile, tioners, on many Accounts, which the Peritioners did not, rather than lower, the Price of Coals by them navigated; nor were able to foresee: And alleging. That as the said and that the Design of making the said navigable Undertaking is disapproved and opposed by many other Channel, un lev a Pretence of bringing Coals, and other Land-owners, the Petitioners conceive they have just Goods, at cheaper Rates, to Manchester, is but subser- reason to withdraw the Consents they were unwarily vient to the other Design of erecting Mills of an unlimit- drawn into: And therefore praying Leave to be heard, ed Number, and for Purposesinduftriously concealed; and by Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as. that the Petitioners are apprehensive the said Under- affect the Properties of the Petitioners, takers, by means thereof, intend to monopolize and en- And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon grols to themselves some Branches of the Manufactures the Table, and Trade of the said Town and Country: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by Sir John Turner reported from the Committee to Nene, *c. themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or that they whom the Bill for improving and preserving the Navi- Rivers, may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem gation of the River Nene, from Salter's Load Sluice, in meet. the County of Norfolk, through Whittlesea Dyke, to

Ditto. A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Standground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and Lands in the several Parishes of Manchester, Eccles, Leigh, also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said and other Parishes, in the County of Lancaster, whose County of Norfolk, through Old Bedford River, and the Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramsey, and from 1 House, and read; alleging, That if the said Bill should thence to Flood's Ferry, in the County of Cambridge,

pass into a Law as it now (lands, it will be very detri- was committed; That the Committee had examined the mental to the Properties of the Petitioners: And there- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and h fore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

r ‘ Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

C will affect the Petitioners. him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

& JDitto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ft subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Re-

«£ Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, port was read.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from ;\i* a certain Place in the Town of Salford to the Towns A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Royal Assent

Si; of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to 1 s*

' to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Town- Mr. Speaker,

ft ship of Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak The King commands this Honourable House to attend-

ot* in Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up if the said Bill pafles into a Law, it will in effect defeat to attend his Majesty.

Vol. 26. ii And,

Cornwall

Tinner*.

Bonifas*

Nat.


Gooool

97 8 5° Matt1754.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That thfe House li&d attertd^d his Majesty in the Houib of Peers: Where his Mdjdty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for pufulhing Mutiny and Defection of Offiefers and Soldiers in the Servict of the United Cotapdny of Merchants of England trading to tht East Indiet; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the island of Saint Helena:

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed itl the Manufacture of Clocks and Watches:

An Act to repeal a Proviso in an Asti made in the Twentieth Yeas df his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting, and more cafy Reed-, very, of the Wages of certain Servant, fend fot* the bet*' ter Regblation of such Servants, and of certain Appr£n- . tices, which provides that the said Act shall not extend* to the Stannaries in Devon and Cornwall}

’ An Act for improving and Enlarging the Harbour of Leith, and to impnwer thfe Trustees thettin mentioned t<v purchase Lartcte For that Purpose; ^nd for erect trig Docks, and other Conveniehcie$, on the Sides thereof:

An Act for the better fciJlightentng and cleansing the open Placfcs, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Paffeges, and Courts, Within the Parish of Saint' Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and legislating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from Pierct Bridge to Kirkmerrihgton, in the County of Durham, and from, thence to the Turnpike Road at Pudhoc iMe End, in the same County, and for making the same more effectual:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckftefd, in the County of Sussex, to Langley Bridge, in the Parish of Westbam, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a cfertain Intrenchment on Afkerfwell Hill, dppofite to Chit-' comb Farm, through the Town of Bridport to Penn Inn, and from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Bea-mister, in the County of Dorset, and also the Road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunftaris Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Wat6r-side at Whitstable, in the Cdunty of Kent:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll-gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through O/ney, over Shenington Bridge, to Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks'-, and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington Bridge:

An Act for repairing and widerting the high Road from a Place called Saint Loyds, in the T Own of Bedford, through the Parishes of Bromham, Stagfden. Act wood, Hardmead, and Chichley, to the W ay-post in ShtrringtoU Field, where the said Road joins the high Road from the Town of Olney, to the Town of Newport Pagnel, and also the High Road from Bromham aforesaid, through the Parishes of Purvey and Colebrayfeld, to the Town of Launden other-wile Lavenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham -, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or widening, Sher'ington Bridge, in the Road from the said Way-post to the said Town of Newport Pagnel:

An Act to explain, attend, and render more effectual

an Act, paBed in thfc TTwenty-Gxth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgom:

An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from West wood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rujhden' and Highabt Ferrers, and over Artleborvugb BYidge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering mbrti effectual an Act made in the Twehty fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and Widening thd Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Dejborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Pbrapfton, in the County of Northampton, and thrortgh Bytborne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish df Brampton, in thfc Chunty of Huntingdon:

An Act for repairing and Widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of thfc Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford,\r\ the County of Northampton, arid frott thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton:

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Vicar of Gifting and Jades Shuttleworth Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York -, and foi* other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the Estate of William Kemp Esquire, deceased, in Trustfces, to be sold, pursuant to Articles; and for applying the Purchase-money for the Benefit of the Children of the said William Kemp, ih such manner as is directed by the said Articles:

An Act to empower the Committee of the Estate of Elizabeth Kitchin, Widow, a Lunatick, One of the Sifters and Coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain W alle or Common called Simonburn Common, in the Manor and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northud-berland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Wei ton, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Great Sbildon Corn-don, or Shildon Moor, within the Manor and Barony of By Well, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the.Manor and Parish of Normanton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenson, a Debt due to the Crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are Sureties:

An Act to enable John Lade, heretofore called John Infkip, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lade only, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lade Baronet, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue, Merchant, and Amy Rilliet:

An Act for naturalizing John Ulrich Commerell:

An Act for naturalizing Paul Bonifas.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker, j

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Shrieben naturalizing Charles Shrieber and Jean Francois Maxi- *c‘ millien de Cerjat: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

5 Ordered,

17 Geo. II. 5 — 6° Marti.

979

Nene, See. River*

Nogti!cr,» Nat. &c.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and preserving the Navigation of the River Nene, from Salter's Load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, through IVbittlefea Dyke, to Stand-

f round Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, through Old Bedford River, and the Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramsey, and from thence to Flood's Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; be taken into further Consideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

A Bill for naturalizing Mary Noguier9 Widow; and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the Estates devised by the Will of John Noguier, her Husband, to make a Provision for Anthony Noguier, her only Son and Heir, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Caley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Northey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Anson, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hay, Mr. Felloues, Mr. IVef, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Campbell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Cfcald, Mr. Fanne-teau, Mr. Compton, Mr. Chetw\md, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Gray, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Earle, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Butler, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Townshend, Sir ye/w Barrington, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Widiam Calvert, Mr. Richards, Mr. Bond, \;r. Mr. //»>;/, Sir William Beau-

champ Proctor, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr Drake, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gccj/rw, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Yorke and all the Members who ferye for the Counties of Tbr£, Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of me Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committed of Encourage-the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the-Du- Q^aofc ties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, was committed; be received To morrow Morning.

The Order made this Day, for taking into further Nene, Sec. Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom Risers, the Bill for improving and preserving the Navigation of the Riyer Nene, from Salteds Load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, through Whittlesea Dyke to Standgrounfl Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, through Old Bedford River, and the Forty Foot Drain, to Chatteris and Ramsey, and from thence to Floods Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read.

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration:

And the Amendment made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroifed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° Martii;

Anno vf Georgii II" Regii, 1754.

fcppfy B9I;

Sinking

I«wL

Lortery for

purclufirg the Sloane^n, *c. Collection*.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus-monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1754; and for the further Dispofuion of the said Sinking Fund; and for carrying to the said Fund the Duty on Sweets; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refalved. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rfolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooke, from the Committee, to whom the Book, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday the lith Day of December lad, intituled, An Account of the Contributors to the Lottery, directed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for purchasing of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and the Harleian Collection of Manu-feripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Keception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereto, was referred; and who were to examine the said Book, and report to the House what they should find in the same material to be laid before the House; made, according to Order, the Report to the House, which the Corinmittee had directed him to make; and he read the Report in his Place s and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Vol. 26.

Prayers.

MR. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from Encourage-the Committee of the whole House, to whom ment of the Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage. Coinage of Money, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn. House rhis Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next. ment.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committees, withstanding the said Adjournment of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Bridgeford from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County Lan« Koad. of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutlandy and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.a. L. 19. Afteri( Grey," to insert <c the Honourable <c George Harry Grey: "

L. 31. After " Ashbyf to insert " Shuckburgh <c AJbby Esquire:

L. 37. After " Attleborough,* to insert " At*

C€ nold, of Thurcaflon

L. 39. After " younger,’* to insert " Samuel " Barker, Thomas Barker

Pr.3.

o

pSo 6° Martii. 1754.

Pr. 3. L. 13. After *Barnett ," to insert " Con. Bel-<c grave:"

L 31. After " Cley ," to insert of George Che- Jdden, Richard Chejelden:"

L. 34. After " Dent " to insert u w Dighy:"

L. 36. After <c Gentlemen, to insert u Thomas c< Davie Elquirea"

Pr. 4. L. 18. After <c Hardy" to insert cc *

« Hyde:"

L. 25* After Hand" to insert K w Hooky of Steward-Hay

P. 5. L, 24. After " Ridlington" to insert " William " Root:"

Pr 6. L. 5. After <c Gentleman to insert " »

w Thomlinjon, of 44 GUnfield, Gentleman:f>

Pr. 37. L. u. After " Saxelby," to insert " Plungar, <c Barkfton} Redmile, Botesford\ Normanton:"

L. 12* After " Cojfmgton, to insert <c East-<f Muffin, Dalby upon the Woulds, Walton upon the Woulds:"

L. 1 j After ff Whrmewould, to insert M cc grave, Barrow upon Soar: "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Councies of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Finch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Expiring Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, L*w a Bill to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain; for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, and for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain; and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leicester to Mr. Greatheed reported from the Committee, to whom Coventry the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the

oa s' Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and

from Leicester aforesaid to the City of Coventry, and from thence through the Town of Kenilworth to the Borough of Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from the said Borough of Warwick to the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and from the said City of Coventry to a certain Place called Marlyris Gutter, in the Parish of Stichall, leading towards Stoneleigh Town, in the said County of Warwick; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That the said Report betaken into Consideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day.

Offices and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

menu07* indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves

for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

And that Mr. Gray and Mr. Fazakerley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde, and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Qualifying enable Charles Fitz Roy Scudamore Esquire, to take in for Office* Great Britain the Oath of Office; as Curfitor or Clerk, or Ingrofifer of original Writs issuing out of his Majesty's High Court of Chancery in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shridwf\ for naturalizing Charles Shrieber and Jean Franfois Maxi- &c.N«. millien de Cerjat, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, ^rom the Lords, intituled, An Act Qualify!^ to enable Charles Fitz-Jloy Scudamore Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Curfitor or Clerk, or J^1* *" Ingrofier of original Writs issued out of his Majestjr’s High Court of Chancery in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply R0; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinkiag upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus-monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1754; and for the further Disposition of the said Sinking Fund; and for carrying to the said Fund the Duty on Sweets.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Coventry for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Roid*. Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester aforesaid to the City of Coventry, and from thence through the Town of Kenilworth, to the Borough of Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from the said Borough of Warwick to the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and from the said City of Coventry to a certain Place called Martyn*s Gutter, in the Parish of Stichall, leading towards Stoneleigh Town, in the said County of j

Warwick; and for supplying an Omission in an Act,

passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the

Road from the Borough of Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Ixicester, was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day; being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

27 Geo. II. 12° Martii. pSi

3

t

t


k

k

Speke’i

Leafing.

Colebrooke’s

Estate.

Nene, 8cc. Rivers.

Martis, 12° die Martii \

Anno 270 Georgii ridi Regis, 1754. Prayers.

SI R William Yonge reported from the Comtoietee, to whom the ingrbfied Bill, 'from the Lords, iritituled. An Act for impowering Ann Speke, an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of her Estates in the County of SomerjH, during her Minority; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that ihc Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sattefaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followed; m.

Pr. 13. L. 3. Leave out "usually:"

L. 12. Leave out " upon and by," and 1ft-fert " in:"

L. 13. Leave out cf Denhife and Copyhold ,c Grant respectively

L. :i4, 15. Leave out <c and made payable cc yearly, half-yearly, dr quarterly, as hath been," and inferc " the:"

L. 15. Lfcaveout " the:"

L. 16. Leave out " ancient and accustomed ,c yearly," and leave out from "Rents" to and" in L. 25. and insert " Duties and Services at the least, and " so as the respective Lessees ftfell execute Counterparts €i of all such Leases."

The said Amendments, being severally read a-Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Edmund Tbdmas reported from the Committee, to whom the lrtgrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Sixth Part of Robert Cole-brooke Esquire of and in the Manor of Goldftone, and divers Lands in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Kent* in Trustees, and their Heirs, to enable them to make such Conveyances thereof as shall be necessary for affecting a Partition agreed upon between the said Robert Colebrb’oke and the Owners of the other undivided Parts of the same Manor and Premises, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ", and that the Committee had directW him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for improving and preserving the Navigation of the River Nene, from Salter's Load Sluice, in the Codnty of Norfolk, through Whittlesea Dyke, to Standground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, through Old 'Bedford River and the Forty Foot Brainy to Chattetis and Ramsey, and from thence to Floods Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following wefe severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 34. To leave out " Dyke," and insert "Creek:"

L. 34, 35. To leave out " Forty Foot Brain," and infort " Drains: "

L. 37. To leave out " Dyke," and ihfert " Creek:"

Pr. 3. L. 32. To leave out " High Load aforesaid Pr. 25. L. 13. After " County,*' to insert " or Isle " of Ely respectively."

Vou 26.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for 'improving and preserving the Navigation from Salter's Load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, to Standground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon, and from Floods Ferry, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load, in the said County of Huntingdon; aftd also the Navigation from Old Bedfora Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, to the River Nine, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the said County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Sir Jihn Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Then ihe Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled tip by the Clerk at the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Duties for En- Encourage-couragement of the Coinage of Money, was read the of the Third time. 6 7 CoinaSc’

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1. Before "Whereas," to insert " May it <ff please Your most Excellent M'ajeffy:"

Pr. 2. L. 22. To leave out " his present," and insert " your:"

L. 24. To leave out" his present," and insert

u your:"

Pr. 3. L. 6,7. To leave out<c his present," and insert " your:"

L. 18, ip. To leave out " his present," and ihfert " your."

And the said Amendments wefc, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rifolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Be,

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money; and for removing Doubts concerning the Continuance’of the Duty of Twenty Shillings for cVcty Ton of Biiartdy, Wines, and strong Waters, imported.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid define their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the principal and other In- Clerkenwell habitants'of the Parish of Saint John Clerkenwell, Part of Street*, the anefent Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, was prefenced to the House, and read; fetting forth, That several of the Petitioners subscribed a petition to the House, in this Session of Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for more effectual en. ligHtdning aftd deanfing the of^n Places, Streets, and other Pafflages,;and mafn&lning arid governing a Nightly Watch,ahd'repairing the Roads and Streets, within the said Pknfh of Saint James; and did apprehend that the Disttfft Jdhn'% wits included in the general De-

feriprion Of the Parish of Sairit james, as no effectual Division h&s Been made Of the said Parish; and that Doubt has Wrifen, whether the Bill brought into the House Upon the said Petition will extend to the said District called Saint John's; And therefore praying,

That the PrOVifions contained in the said Bill may be extended to the said Parish of Saint John's Clerkenwell.

Of defid. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration Of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report the faWe, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred tb Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Latrrbe, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir William Calvert, Mr Calvert, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Compton, Mr. Nugtnt, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rynafton, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Medlycott,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gower, Mr. Hale, Mr. West, Mr.

Prowse, Sir George Lee, Mr. Finch, Mr. Townshend,

11 R Mr.

Mutiny and Desertion in East India Service.

Bridgeford Lane Road.

Offices and

Employ-

ments.

BedfordLevel

Corporation

Debt.

982 12° Mar til.

Mr Lascelles, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Cticks, 'Mr. Hunt, Mr. Pitt; and all the Members who fervd for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Kent, and Surry, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the several Charters, and Copies of Charters, and also the Indenture, which were presented to the House upon Monday the 18th Day of February last, by Mr. Robert James, Secretary to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be re-delivered to the said Company*

Ordered, That Mr. Lambe do carry to the Lords the ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester> Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Mr. Fazakerley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of the Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Levels from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln \ and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level > and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland-, was committed.

Mr. Martin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Francis Dayrell Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sutton Guanock, and Owner and Proprietor of great Part of Shire Drain; Thomas Vivian Esquire, Philippa Hyde and Anne Hyde, Spinfters, Lord and Ladies of the Manor of Sutton Holland \ William Greaves, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of Long Sutton j and of several other Persons, \yhofe Names are thereunto fub£ribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and lying near a certain Drain there, called Shire Drain, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands adjoining thereto; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Hands are there-under subscribed, being Trustees and Feoffees appointed in and under the Will of Thomas Deacon Esquire, of and for divers Lands given by him for Charity to the Inhabitants of the City of Peterborough, Part of which Lands are lying in the North Level of the Fens, being Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; and also the Petition of several Land-owners, and Proprietors of Lands, in or near the North Level of the Fens, being Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, whose Hands are there-under subscribed; and also the Petition of Edward Knipe, of Epsom, in the County of Surry, Esquire; and also the Petition of Charles Gretton, Clerk, and John Crofts, Gendeman; and also the Petition of John Bonnel Esquire; which were referred to the said Committee; and had heard the several Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Peti-

4.1754*

tions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and also the said Corporation, and the Creditors of the said Corporation, and the Proprietors of all the Lands in Great Porfand (which Lands Contain, in the Whole, 7,41$ Acres, or thereabouts) had consented to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Quantity of Land in the North Level, intended to be taxed by the Bill, is about 30,300 Acres j and that the Proprietors of 25,985 Acres thereof had consented to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Proprietors of 783 Acres more thereof had declared they would not. oppose the Bill; and that the Proprietors of 2,790 Acres more thereof were either under Incapacities, or could not be applied to; and that the Quantity of the Land in the Middle and South Levels, liable to the Corporation Taxes by virtue of the Ad made in the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, is about 83,400 Acres; and that the Proprietors of 51,406 Acres thereof bad consented to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Proprietors of 2,466 Acres more thereof had declared they would not oppose the Bill; and that the Proprietors of 2,323 Acres more thereof were under Incapacities; and that a Plan of the Bill before, and Copies of the Bill since, the same was brought into i.he House, had been distributed in the Country; and that no other Persons besides the Petitioners (whp have been heard by Counsel upon their Petitions) appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent diverting the Waters running down from Peterborough through IVijbech to Sea:

And the said Clause was twice read.

And the Question being pip. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for BidduJpM Sale of the settled Estates of Sir Theophilus Biddulph Estate* Baronet, in the County of Stafford, and City and County of the City of Litchfield, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affefting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to j the Uses therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

j

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, Punishii a Bill for continuing several Laws for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament; and declaring all see. " Acts made for erecting Courts of Conscience to be publick Acts: And the same was received; and read the i First time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An

0 Martii.

Qualifying for Offices held in Ireland*

Biddnlph's

Bftate.

Ratcliffs

Highway

Road*

27 Geo. II. 12* — 13

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Fitz-Rcy Scudamore Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Curfitor or Clerk,' or ingrosscr, of original Writs issuing out of his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Aid-worthy Mr. Gore, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr Hay, Mr. Lyster y Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Belcbicr, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Erskine, Lord Henry Beauclerk, Sir Robert de Cornwall', Mr. Oswald, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gnjj, Mr. Colleton, Lord Bateman, Mr, Medlicott, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Ctofcf, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Torke, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Leftie, Mr. Hale, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Compton, Mr. Leggey Mr.

Mr. /#//, Mr. Powney, Mr. Charlton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Norfolk, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estates of Sir Theophilus Biddulph Baronet, in the County of Stafford, and City and County of the City of Litchfield, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffs Highway, in the Parish of Saint George, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, tand also from Cannon Street into Cable Street, in the said County of Middlesex; and also for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the West End of Brook Street, to the North End of Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and also from Upper Shadwell Street, into a Lane called The Back Lane, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to restrain the Trustees from putting the Act in Execution, but at a general Meeting.

And the said.Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

"VoL. l6*

983

Mercurti, 130 die Martii;

Anno 27° Georgii Iidi Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intitule.!, An Act sfireiber’j, for naturalizing Charles Shrtiber, and Jean Francois Nat. Maxim illicit de Cerjat, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hayes,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Noe!,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Richard Wrot-tejley, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Sargent,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hill, "Mr.

Tracey, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Burrell, Lord George Beauclerk,

'Mr. Willy, Mr. Cooke, Mr. WilkinJon, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Henley, Mr. Great-heed, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir John Turner, Sir Edmund Thomas,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Locke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lockyer,.

Mr. Compton, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Metcalfe,

Mr. West, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Pitt,

Lord George Bentinck, Mr. Willes, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gere, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Gray: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Person# to explain "and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year lt of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, lgUAC* intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to continue several Laws (for prohibiting the Importation Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed of reprinted or written, and printed, in Great Britain, for the free Im- Books»&c* portation of Cochineal and Indigo, and relating to Rice,

Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, and for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain) and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures, or Contracts, of Clerks and Apprentices.

A Bill for the more easy and effectual proceeding Distrefsby upon Distresses, to be made by Warrants of Justices of Justices of the Peace, was read a Second time. Peace.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Greatleed, Mr. Cayley, Sir John Turner, Mr. West, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Willey, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.'

Lyster, Mr. Page, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Prowfc,

Mr. Sloper, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hill, Mr. Cocks, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Compton, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Wigley, Mr*

Frank land, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Warburton%

Mr, Colleton; Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr Lascelles, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Torke,

Mr. Myddelton; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Colebrooke’s for veiling the undivided Sixth Part of Robert Colebrooke Esquire, of and in the Manor of Goldftone, and divers

Lands

ri&4 13* Marin. A. 1754.

Lahds in the Parish of Ash, in the COulity of Kent, in Trustees, and their Heirs, co enable them to make such Conveyances thereof as shall be necessary for effecting a Partition, agreed upon between the said Robert Colebrooke and the Owners of the other undivided Parts of the same Manor and Premises, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Thomas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Deptford Mr. Colleton reported from the Committee, to whom Foor Rates, for the better Relief and Employment of the

c* Poor in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Pauly

Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry 5 and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes; was re-committed j That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselve9, and ethers the Trustees for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in Ke>it Street and Bermondsey Streetr in the County of Surry, to the Town of Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and Beckenham, irr the County of Kent, referred to the said Committee and had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Rlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation, after the House shall have proceeded upon the ' Order of the Day.

Leicester to An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road"^ from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester aforesaid to the City of Coventry, and from thence, through the Town of Kenilworth, to the Borough of Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from the said Borough of Warwick to the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and from the said City of Coventry to a certain Place called 'Martyrfs Gutter, in the Parish of Stick ally leading towards Stoneleigh Town in the said County of Warwick; and for Complying an ' Omillion in an Act, passed in the last Section ofrarliamenc, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Ashby de la Zoucby in the County of Leicester % was read the Third rime.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. L. ill. After " Warwickto insert " or in u the County of the City of Coventry, or in the County €‘ of Leicester-, or in any or all of them."

Pr. 17. L. 18. After " Trustee," to insert " within " those several Distri3s."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the ftoufe.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out a Clause therein {impending the Trustees to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Tolls) beginning with the Words " And forasmuch as," in the ift Line of the jid Press, and ending with the Word whatsoever," in the last Line of the same Press,

And the Question being put, That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the Press, containing the said Clause, was taken out of the Bill at the Table.

Befo/ved, That the Bill do pdfs: And that thfe Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Lei* cester to Nar borough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth to Warwiek, and from thence to 1 la ford Bridget and from' Warwick' toStratford upon Avon, and from Coventry tb Martyrs Gitter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town 3 and for supplying an Orhiflkin in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zoucby in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Grtatbeed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to NoguieFi whom the Bill for naturalizing Mary Noguier Widow, and ^au kCm for qualifying and enabling her, out of the Estate devised by the Will of John Noguier her husband, to make a PrO-vision Yqr Anthony Noguier her only Son and Heir, was Committed s That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true'; and that the Committee had dire3ed him to repdrt the Bill to the House, without any Amendment! And he delivered die Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging the Corporatidhdf the Bedford Governor, Bailiffs, aind Commonalty, of the Company of Leve! Chr-the Conservacors of the Great LeVel of the Fens boifitaonly called Bedford Level, from a ‘Debt diie to the Duke of Bedford and Ebri 6f Lfaccfc; and for enabling the Proprietors of L&tlfls in the North Level, Part brf the fki8 Grerft Level, to rhife Money tod i schafge the Proportion of the feia North Leifelh 'tHfc Ddbts of the felfiCdrpcir*-tion and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said Ndrtb LeVel; and for the m6Ve effectual draining and 'prfcferVing the Taid North Level, knd diverii Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Cropland? was fead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for difcbhrging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Cdmmonalty, of the Company oFGon-fervators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, Trom a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln: and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in fhfe Ndrtb Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Moriey to difdharge the Prdpoftion of the Yam North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; ‘and for ascertaining and ‘appropriating the ThxOs tobeJRiid bh the said North Level; and for the more effectimi draining and preserving the said North Level, and 1 divert Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do carry the Bill tO tffe Lords, and deffre their Cortcurrence.

Then the Blank, left in the Bill for die Titfe thereof, hwas filled tip by the Cleric at the Table.

A Meifage from ihe Lbrds, by Mr. BUrrt&ghs ahd.

Mr. Edwdrds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lo^ds hkve passed a Bill, irititiiled, A’rtA3 to Qualifying enable WiHfam Lord Cnvendish, of Hardwyck, }tb fetke ft for offices Etrgfahd-the-Oath bPCfifiee of'Hfgh Treasurer'bf /^/^, in ahd'to^auaiify’hfihfriFh'ercTn^ErigfdiidToWtHe JegaiFnjcfy- 0 # ment of the’ISid Gfiicfe: To which the Lords defireYhb Concurrehce'hf this House: And also,.

The L6tds have passed a Bill, ’intituTefl, An Act EirlClin-vdfting diveFs Lands and Hef-editame'rics jh rthe Cobn^y ton'* Eilat* of S&ncrfet, 'cdritrd&ed to be sold by Hugh late -E&A 'Clinton, in his Life-time, in Trustees^ to eridble chem'td j

convey the f^hie to the fdVertl Purchasers thereof, pur- 1

fuarit tb thfclrCbritra<fts: To whidh the Lords defirelhe Concurrence of this House: And also, y

THe Ldrds1 have passed a Bill, intitiiled. An Act for Earl of 1 vesting the Manor of Hendon, settled on the Marriage of Powis Estate^1 the Earl and -Chunt&s bf on them ^hd their Issue, i

in Trustees, to be sold towards discharging the Debts and {

Incumbrances of William late Marquis of Powis 5 and for

fetdiHg?the"Barony and Lbrdfoip of Povdis, In ’the County of Montgomery, in lfeu thereof; and for other Turposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, J

The Lords have paflTed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Henry's j dissolve the Marriage of Peter Henley Esquire, with Su- Div°rce. fannab Roberts his now Wife j and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. j

13 An

L.

7 Ge6.IL i 3° — i4

Utcliffe An ingrossed Bill for opening, making,:widening, and

highway keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffs Highway, in the load. Parish of St. George, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from Cannon Street into Cable Street, in the said County of Middlesex j and also for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the West End of Brook Street, to the North End of Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and also from Upper Shad-we/l Street, into a Inne called The Back Lane> in the said County; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratclffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West End of Brook Street, intu Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into The Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Cocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the Hoofe to Sinking Fund. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Su|n of ‘Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 1754; and for the further Disposition of the said Sinking Fund; and for carrying to the said Fund the Duty on Sweets.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Deptford The Order made this Day for taking into Considera-

Voot Rates, tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill *c# for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the

Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry; and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes; was re-committed 5 after the House should have proceeded upon the Order of the Day; being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Confederation.

And the said Report was read.

« And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Campbell, of Calder, have Leave to

make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Earl of Clin- And an 1ngr°ffed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An ton'* Eftace. Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, contracted to be sold by Hugh late Earl of Clinton, in his Life-time; in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several Purchasfrs thereof, pursuant to their Contracts, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane have Leave to make a Motion: ^And he moved the House accordingly.

Henley's And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Divorce* Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Henley Esquire, with Susannah Roberts his now Wife, and to enable him Vox.. 26.

0 Martii. 985

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.,

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An.Earlof Act for vesting the Manor o{Hendon, settled on the Mar- Fowis’EiUte. riage of the Earl and Countess of Powis on them, and their Issue, in Trustees, to be sold towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of William late Marquis of Powis-, and for settling the Barony and Lordship of Powis, in the County of Montgomery, in lieu thereof j and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Qualifying Act to enable William Lord Cavendlfh, of Hardwyck, to for Offices take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himfdf here in England for the 1 legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Martii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

MR* Hayes reported from the Committee, to whom Shreiber'a, the ingrossed Bill, from. the.Lords, intituled, An &c. Nat. Act for naturalizing Charles Shreiber, and Jean Franpois Maximillien de Cerjat, was committed,' That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act SpekeV for impowering Ann Speke, an Infant, to make Leases and Leafing. Copyhold Grants of her Estates in the County of Somerset, during her Minority; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordlbips.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens of the cierkenwell Parish of Saint John, Cierkenwell, in the County of Mid- Streets. dlesex, and of the principal Tenants or Occupiers of Messuages, Houses, and other Buildings and Tenements, within the said Parish, and also of several Owners of Messuages, Houses, and other Buildings and Tenements, within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read -y taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House for the better enlightening, and cleansing the open Places, Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, and Passages, within the Parish of St. James, Cierkenwell, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; and for repairing the Highway within the said Parish; and also taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House, in the Name of several of the principal and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John,

Cierkenwell, Part of the ancient Parish of Saint James, Cierkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, for extending the Provision contained in the said Bill to the said Parish of 11 S Saint

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Offices and

Employ-

mentii

p%6 I40 Martii.

Saint Jcbfi-, and representing to the House, That the said Petition is subscribed by several Persons of small Estates, and Occupiers of Houses of small Rents, within the said Parish of Saint John; and that before thfc making of the Act of the icth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the Building of Fifty new Churches, the said Parish of Saint John was Part of the said Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell; and that, in purfuahee of the Powers granted by the said Act, a Chapel, then erected, Banding in Saint John's Square, formerly Part of the said Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, was made a Parochial Church, by the Name of The Parish Church of Saint John Clerkenwell; and that the District of the said new Parish hath been duly ascertained, according to the Directions of the said Act, and the same hath been ever since, and nowis, a distinct Parish; except touching the Church Rates, Relief of the Poor, and Rates for the Highways; and that, by the said Act, the Parishioners of the said Parish of Saint John are exempted from bearing any parochial Offices; but that, if the said Bill jfliould pal's into a Law, the Petitioners will be subject to be elected Collectors for the Highways and Scavengers Races, which will be an Infringement on the Privileges secured to them by the said Act; and alleging, That the Laws now in being are sufficient for the enlighteningand cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lancs, Alleys, Courts, and Passages, within the said Parish of Saint John; and for regulating the nightly Watch; and for repairing the Highways, which are of very small Extent, within the said Parish: And therefore, in regard the said Bill will not tend to the Benefit or Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint John, or the Persons reforcing thereto; but will bring a large additional Burthen and Charge upon the Tenants and Occupiers, and be of great Prejudice to the Owners of Messuages, Houses, and other Buildings and Tenements, within the said Parish of Saint Joints praying. That the Provisions in the said Bill may not be extended to the said Parish, or that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against passing the said Bill into a Law, so far as it may affect the Tenants or Occupiers, or the Owners, of Messuages, Houses, and other Buildings and Tenements, within the said Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell; or that the House will £ive the Petitioners such Relief touching the Preraifes, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, Part of the ancient Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine the Ma!tter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from die Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1754; and for the further Disposition of the said Sinking Fund; and for carrying to the said Fund the Duty on Sweets; was committed; the Amendments which the Commitree had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon fhc Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

A Bill to indemnify Persons, who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions’within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

A. 175-4.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, Bounty on upon Thursday the 7th Day of February \aft, was reported Sail-cloth; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was ic* referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Donald and John Stevaifon, for themselves and others concerned in the Manufacture of Sail-cloth at the Ports of Greenock and Port Glasgow, was referred; and which Resolution was then agreed to by the House; might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Refohed, That the respective Sums of Money due to <c John Stevenson and Company, and Robert Donald and " Company, for Bounties upon Zh/VZ/^-made Sail-cloth " exported on or before the 1 ft Day of June 1750, be " paid out of such Parts of the Old Subsidy as are ap->

" plicable to the Payment of Incidents."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws (for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain; for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Cudoms, the clandestine running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, 3nd for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain) and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland'Stas; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Chaufes pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Report 'from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, by which the Sums due to the said John Stevenson and Company,' and Robert Donald and Company, are stated to amount co 1,3$$ /.

11 s. 1 q d. be referred to the said Committee of the whole

House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Mary Noguier NogiOcr*! I Widow, and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the &c* Estate devised by the Will of John Noguier her Huftnnd, to make a Provision.for Anthony Noguier her only Son and 1

Heir, was read the Third rime. j

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be,

An Act for naturalizing Mary Noguier Widow, and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the Estate denied by the Will of John Noguier her Husband, to make a Prov]^ J

fion for Anthony Noguier her only Son and Heir. I

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defare, their Concurrence.

‘ t- , . ..n j

A Mefifage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. j Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SxuMj Tor repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Koa ' Alee Her, in the faiil County, and Feckenham, to a Place called

Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcef* j

ter, through Great Coughtcn and 'Crabbs Cross, in the said,) County of Warwick, and through Hew ell Lane and Burcort, 1 to the Cross of Hands on a Common called The Leekbay, \ and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutneli, \

to Bromsgrove, in the fin'd County of fVorcester, without f any Amendment: And aifj, J

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roch$

' for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, *<oa(b made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called MiackJ!one Edge, in

the

27 Geo. IL

i 40 Mar Hi.

Alloa

Harbour,

Woolhfloa’s

EfUte.

Wymondc-

foM’s

Divorce.

M ay d well’s Divorce.

Deptford Poor Ruiei, kc.

Tmro

R02J5.

Wymcr.de-

fold’s

D.vorcc.

May d well’s Divorce.

the same County, and from thence ro the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York* without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laving a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer hrewed for Sale, vended or sold, within the Town and Bnrony of Alla, in the County of Clackmannan* and also a Duty of Anchorage lor Ships and Vessels anchoring in rhc Harbour of the said Town; for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain hllatcs of Sir Isaac Lawrence Woollafton Baronet, an Infant, fount? in the Isle of £/v, and Counties ot Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Truf-toes, to be sold or mortgaged to raise Money for Payment of his Sifter^ Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lord* have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act todif-solve the Marrirge of Char.es IVymondfold Esquire, with Henrietta Knight his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again *, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords dclirc the Concurrence of this House: And alf>,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to diffolvc the Marriage of John Maydwell F.squire, with Catherine Pen in his now W ife; and to enable him to marry again; and for orh r Purports therein mentioned: To which the Lords clef: re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ir.grofied Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the P«rifhcs of Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry; and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, in the said Parishes; was read the Third time.

Refolded* That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Dep*ford, in the County of Kent, and in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Sarry; and for repairing the Highways, and pavir.g and cleansing the Streets, in the said Larilhes.

Ordaed* That Mr. Fairfax do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rear Admiral Bofcawen prelected to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County t>f Cornwall: And the iame was received, and read the Li: (I time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles IVyniondefold Esquire, with Henrietta Knight his cow Wife 5 and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Maydwell* Esquire, with Catherine Perrin his now Wife; and to enable him to many again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Louery for purchasn.g 1 he bloanean, ftc. Collections.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Book, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday the 12ih Day of December last, intituled, An Account of the Contributors to the Lottery, direeled by an Act of Parliament passed in the lull Sdfion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for purchasing of the Muiseum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, Vol. 26.

and the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception,*, snd more convenient Use, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereto; was referred; and who were to examine the said Book, and report to the House what they should find in the famej material to be laid before the House.

And the said Report was read, and is as folio wethj viz.

Upon entering into this Examination your Comiruttee found it necessary to call for the original Books of each respective Receiver, containing the Names of the Contributors to the Lottery; which being produced accordingly, the Receivers and their Clerks were ordered to attend to explain the fame.

And it appeared upon the Examination of Mr. Edward Johnson, Clerk to Mr. Lebeup, That the Names of Contributors for 5,824 Tickets had been entered by Mr. Leheup in his Book, before any Entry made by his said Clerk, and before any Board of Receivers had been held:

That on Saturday the 9th of June* at the First Board of Receivers of the Lottery, several Persons belonging to the Exchequer attended, and befpokeTickets, and were entered in the Book by Mr. Leheup's Order — That he filled up many Receipts, prepared for the 14th of June* with the Names of Persons w ho had bespoke Tickets; -and which Names he took from the Book — That the 14th of June was the Day then fixed upon for opening the Subscription, anckthe Hours appointed, from Nine to One; and so to continue from Day to Day.

And being asked, whether any Lifts were delivered id on the preceding Saturday, said he was not certain; but believed there were — That he had received that Day 80/. fir Contributions, entered in the Names of Six Persons, for their First Payment; but was lure no Receipts were then given — That he attended at the Lottery Office the 14th of June, by Six of the Clock orfoon after by the Order of Mr. Lebeup — That the Receivers began to receive Contributions immediately after he came — That they closed taking in Subscriptions after Eight of the Clock in the Evening that Day — Thar about Two of the Clock the same Day the Crowd of Persons, in order to contribute, was so great, that it was apprehended the Seats in the Office would be broke down.

- Seeing this, Mr. Leheup made a Speech to the Crowd; telling them, if the Doors were locked, they should bt supplied with what Tickets they wanted.

The Doors were then locked, and the Persons then in the Office were, in general, supplied with Receipts by about Five of the Clock:

That they had not Time to cast up their Books — Cannot say where they ended that Day — That, upon catling up the Books, it appeared. That the Subscription was not full — That he w.as prefenr on Thursday at the catling up; some he, and some Mr. Leheup, cast up — That they had not Time to cast up as they entered — That there were 10 or 12>coo Tickets contributed for at his Seat the next Day.

Says, the Date, " 15 in the Margin, Fo. 117, is

Mr. Lebeup's Writing; according to which Date your Committee observe, That there was then contributed fot in his Department 26,936/and the Receipts of Mr. Le-heup's. whole Department amounting to 46,114/. there mull have been received, on the Friday, in his Department above 19,000l. by Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, or otherwise the marginal Note, Fo. 117, of the 3 5th June, must be a false Entry.

Mr. Johnson, being further asked, what was the Meaning of the marginal Notes<c Nefbitt\ ends," and " IVrighi*s €i ends/* in Fo. 116 and 117, said. He apprehended it was the Lift Mr. Neflitt brought in: Said, That Mr. Leheup told him he would be there very early on the Friday 'That Taylor Courtman, in Fo. 118, was the First Name, taken on Friday Morning about Five of the Clock — That the Receivers declared the Lottery to be full soon after Ten — That, on the 14th and 15th of June, several Lifts were given in, some large ones by Bankers, several for 7 6

*4° Martii. . 1754.

lottery for or Soo Tickets, same larger j received those Lifts from purchasing various Persons, Porters, and others. the Sloanean, And being asked, whether, on the 14th and 15th of tionsC°11CC" $*> he saw Receipts delivered to the Contributors, laid, He believed Mr. Lebeup delivered them with the utmost Impartiality: That Bankers Lifts were taken and entered the next Day, and Receipts delivered out some time after: Believes Mr. Lebeup cast lip the Books after adding the Bankers Lifts.

And being asked, whether, upon the calling up, it appeared. That the wholeFirft Payment was advanced; he answered it did not: That there were many Defaulters, Persons desired their Names to be put down; but did not make their Payments by the 25th of July: Believes it might amount to about 4, 5, or 600l. but apprehends Mr. Lebeup would not give Credit to People he did not know 2 Suppofes the Deficiency was made up by Mr. Lebeup:

That Mr. Lebeup, in general, received the Money, and marked the Lift on the Back u received2" Said that there were Receipts issued to the Amount of 705/. which were not entered in the Book.

And, being asked how that happened, said, MrLebeup had given him several Lifts, all marked " received," to the Amount of 705/.

That he filled up Receipts from those Lifts, and gave them to Mr. Lebeup, imagining the y were entered in the Book 2

That, on some of those Receipts coming in to be exchanged for Tickets, the Mistake appeared; and then, on examining the Lifts filed, they found some had not been entered; all the Lifts taken in at the Office were filed.

Mr. Lebeup, during the whole Time of receiving Contributions, put Bank Notes in a Drawer, and said " I believe I have more Money than I ought to have;" and, after he had paid the Money in at the Bank, said, I wish *c there is not some Mistake; for I have more Money than u I should haveand, being asked how the 705 /. was supplied, said he could not tell:

That the non-claimed Tickets he looked upon to be such as were entered in the Book, and no Payment made; forfeited Tickets such where the first Payment was made, and the Second Payment not made before the 26th of October.

The marginal Notes in the Book presented to the House, as to the Forfeitures, were taken from a red Cross In Mr. Lebeup's original Book; which was to signify the non-claimed and forfeited Tickets, as Mr. Lebeup told him: That he distinguished the 60 forfeited Tickets by a List Mr. Lebeup gave him; from which Lift he ([Johnson) wrote the marginal Notes:

That, at first, delivering Tickets in Exchange for Receipts, they did not mark Days of Delivery; but marked a black Cross in the extreme Column.

Whereupon being asked, if the black Cross was to express the Delivery of Tickets, Whence comes it that there is both a red Cross and a black Cross against the Name John Benjon, in Fo. 211 Said, he could not answer.

And, being asked how it came that Mr. Lebeup had a greater Number of Subscriptions in his Book than the others, said, Mr. Lebeup attended later and earlier than them, and can dispatch a great deal of Business.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine Mr. Leheup; and, being asked what Method he pursued in taking in Contributions, he gave the following Account.

At the time the Aft and Scheme were known, 1 thought it my Duty to promote the Subscription as much as I could, and more so as every Body seemed todefpair of the Success — I did endeavour to accommodate Gentlemen as much as 1 could. I took down the Names in the original Book; which was the only Entry — As soon as any Name was in that Book, I looked upon it as condusive in me to give those Tickets.

No Person, who was put down in that Book to have Tickets, was afterwards refused to my Know ledge, if the First Payment was offered me before the 25 th of July — 1 think the Names before the Name of George Fox Laney Page 54, were taken down without Money before the

14th June, unless some few to accommodate them — I acted according to my Judgment, I took no Money before Bonds were given — I had no Interest but ro accommodate Gentlemen — It has been the constant Method in the Lotteries I have been Manager in, to deliver Certificates in Exchange for Tickets the Day before advertised, in order, to take off Hurry the next Day.

I frankly own I was told by the Speaker of the House of Commons, That no-body was to have above soTickets, and that there must be no Lifts — I represented the great Difficulties it would put the Receivers to; and that Foreigners could not come in, if no Lifts; nor People from Ireland, nor People in the Country — I represented very strongly this Lottery would want all Manner of Encouragement to be given to Subscribers — Speaker told me, " Sir " John Barnard and I have warranted to the House no-<c body shall have more than 20" — I was going away, and the Speaker saw I was dispirited with respect to the Success of the Lottery (this was the Day the Act passed, or the Day before): Speaker said, <c I tell you for your " Comfort, I hear, Mr. Nejhilt from Ireland has Commission for 1,000 Tickets." 1 then did tell People about Offices I was under Difficulties about taking in Lifts, and desired several People not to bring me any; some People then gave m'e Names without any List at all, so many for one, and so many for another, and brought different Names upon different Slips of Paper; the great Bankers who applied, I thought might have Occasion for a great Number of Tickets by Commissipn.

When I found there were these Subterfuges, I thought one thing became the Speaker of the House of Commons and another thing became a Clerk. It gave me inexpressible Concern not to be able to comply strictly with Mr. Speaker’s Declaration to me of the Intention of the Act — Upon which I read the Act — I thought I was exposed to Complaints on both Sides; but there was no going back, I had accepted the Office, for which I was very sorry — I thought the safest Side was to secure ioo,ooooh to the Publick: I was told so by most of my Friends — As to the Intention of the Act, I thought the Intention of the Preamble to the Lottery Part declared no other Intention in Parliament than raising the Money — I thought by the Act I was obliged to receive Money from any Contributors, for as many as they asked, not exceeding 20 for any one Person — There was nothing I thought could dispence me from it, but Orders, Rules, and Directions, from the Archbishop, Chancellor, Speaker, or Two of them; and I had no Opportunity to apply to them jointly from the Hurry and Confusion that followed — And I thought it would be an indelible Reproach to me to lose the Filling of such a Lottery, by putting Contributors under Difficulties which I knew every one could evade: I thereupon did tell People they were to have but Twenty for themselves, and the common Answer was, " What they asked for more was for Friends and Rela^ " tions." — I had no Power to oblige them to take an Oath — On the 14th, when the Crowd came on, there was an End of all Order and Quefiions of every Sor: — I was exceffivtly eager to lay hold of the Opportunity; too eager — I worked beyond my Strength, in taking Money and signing Receipts. It was the First time I was so employed, and could not bear to fee People fainting from the great Crowd without giving all the Assistance 1 could — I found the Office was too final!; but was too late to remedy it — If I would ask Quefiions, it was only augmenting the Crowd, and endangering the filling the Lottery; for I must observe that i knew at that time, that there were a great many Irish Lotteries going on. 1 was apprehensive in Holland and France Lotteries would be grafted on ours; and though I saw a Crowd Today, I doubted we ffiouid have it the morrow — At about One of the Clock that Day, no Gentleman would have wished himself in my Place for 150/. which was my Parliamentary Allowance — People broke in upon me, above me, behind me, ancj before me, and in at the Windows with Ladders; the Partitions of my Dcfk were broke down, while I lay exposed to be plundered of all my Money, which was quit$

ppen

27 Geo. IT. 140 Martii. 989

©pen — My Seat in the Office was next the Door, and me, If it was no Inconvenience to me, he had rather be Lottery fat took up the whole Bottom of the Room — I then got up, without them. purchasing

and told the Gentlemen there was no going on; but if I remember telling Sir George Lyttelton, he had bespoke £cSc*j1CaD, they would one and all agree to keep the Door (hut, and 20 Tickets for Lady Clinton before — A few legions/

not to go out after they were served till the Crowd was Days after Sir George told me my Lady had got them

di(Ti|ared, I would undertake every Man there should be upon another Lift, and I might do what I pleated with served. This was about One of the Clock; when, if 1 had them.

mind to discourage the publick Contributions, we might My Account perhaps, from the great Hurry, may not have answered (hutting the Doors, and terving none of he so exaift: I positively told my Clerk, that no One Per-them — Then Proclamation was made out of the Win- son was to have more than 20 Tickets,

dows, that no more would be served that Day, but be- After which, being asked, whether he had ifibed Re-

lieve thiy were all served — About Two or Three of the ceipts before the 14th of June ? said. He desired to be Clock ordered Doors to be Unit, and we tell ro cad up excuted answering; but that he' did not issue Receipts our Books in general as well as we could, but not ex- before he gave Bond.

6Wy, but by goefs — Some Names that hid been That, on the 14th of Jr/#*?, he began taking Contribu-given in, and the Money received for them, 1 carried to tions about Seven o’Clock in the Morning, and ended enter at home, and therefore could not tell what my about Eight o’Clock that Evening: That about One Amount was — The more Money we received, the more o'Clock at Noon the Doors were (hut, and Proclamation Merit wr thought we had — We did not so (hut the Of- made for the Mob to difpcrle — That he was at the Office fice, but that a great many Persons found means to get the next Morning before Six, and began taking Contain by the MefTcngers or otherwif, and they desired us butions immediately — That the Lottery was declared to to take in their Names: I (till, as to myself (being eager be full about Ten — That, upon catling up Books in his to fill the Lottery), took a great many of chote Names in Department, the First Payment was not advanced by a the Afirrnoon — Others I put in my Drawer, and told great deal; a vast many People had bespoke Tickets, them I believed I had taken more than my Quota; but who had not paid for them, believed to the Amount of believe there is Room among the other Gentlemen, and I 7 or 8,coo/.; but, as he had kept no Account, could not will do what I can: The next Morning I think I was be certain — That he looked upon himself as absolutely there before Six; I law full a great Crowd continue; I answerable for the Deficiency. That the whole 100,000l., then thought prudentially, as there was no Distinction of was paid into the Bank by the 23d of June, and all but Persons, no Possibility of examining Persons, no Poffi- 432/ by the 21ft.

biliry ofcomparing the Four Receivers Accounts, to fee That he did not receive the whole Money for Tickets if One Person did not receive in Two different Books — bespoke before he completed his Payment at the Bank;

One Person was complaining he was robbed — That if, he made up the Deficiency out of his own private Money by refusing One Por;er with 20 Names, I made 20 — That in respect to the forfeited Tickets, and how dif-

Porters come with One Name each, I only augmented posed of, he referred to the Account pretented to the a very dangerous Crowd; 1 therefore went about dispatch- House, a Copy of which is hereunto annexed in the

ing Persons as fad as possible; and this I d d without Appendix, N° 1.

Distinction of Persons, or any Preference'to Friends or That he signed his Bond on the Saturday Morning'

Strangers — I sent about Ten of the Clock in the Morn- before the 14th otjune, but did not recollect in what

rng to the other Receivers, to know how their Account Sum: Thac hefcegan to take down Names of Contri-llood (this was on the Friday); and found,. by the gene- butors to the Lottery a good while before the Act passed, ral Report which was broughc by the Messengers, the perhaps a Fortnight; and that because the Terms of the Lottery mute be about being full — My Power was no Lottery were looked upon to be fp disadv^ntageous, as greater than any other Receiver’s; but I sent Word by to make it doubtful whether there would be any Lottery he Messenger, by way of Advice, that I thought they at all.

should take no more — In abouc an Hour or Two the And being asked, How he knew that he should be a other Gentlemen brought me Account how their Account Receiver ? said, It was from Discourses with Persons who stood; and 1 then found, that there was not Room for were concerned in compiling the Bill; and, after that, he some Persons Names which had been left in my Drawer heard Subscriptions were not to be taken in at the the Night before, and which had never been entered in Bank.

my Book, and which I had put off entering till the last, And being again asked, Who he dispoted of the for-bccaute I wanted to get rid of a very dangerous Crowd, feited Tickets to? said (to make up a particular Defi-Then the Quotas came out, that my Share was 46,114/. ciency arilen), Can’t tell particularly to what Persons, from which Moment I was answerable to the Publick for but said they were delivered the last Day. that Number of Tickets; let the Price have been what And being asked, How he could know the Tickets it would, I must have made it good, and let the Price would be forfeited ? said. He answered every Receipt he. have been ever so low — The next Day we carried a great signed, and must make good every Deficiency; but ad-deal of Money to the Bank — Not all we received, because mitted he had disposed of them on or before the 26th of I thought One Day would not make any Difference — October: And being asked, Whether he bought any Great Deal being in small Notes — Great Number of the Tickets to make up the Deficiency ? said. No.

Ti kets, which had been bespoke, were unpaid; desired And being asked, How, out of 460 non-claimed and iome Gentlemen I knew to come another time, when the forfeited Tickets, he could supply 705? he said. He Hurry was over — It was all paid within a Week after into believed there were more non-claimed than he had the Bank — I stood Middle Man: I attended myself, or marked.

my Clerk for me, rill the 25th July, after which Day we That he made the red Cross after the Account was could take no more First Payments — Don’t know that ordered to be laid before the House, to distinguish what any One Person, whose Name had been set down in my Tickets had been bespoke, and not claimed.

Book, were refuted them till after that Day, if the First And being asked. Why a red and black Cross to the Payment had been made or offered before — I found there same Name ? said, 'That as fcon as the Contribution was were a good many left, much more than 1 expected: full, Receipts were all made out, ready to be delivered to

Some had applied to other Receivers,because, finding an such as came to claim them: That they were put in a open Subscription,they went where it was readied, with- Bundle, and indorted with the Persons Names they out making any Claim upon me — Some declined taking belonged to.

them — 1 remember particularly applying to my Lord The black Cross is a Mark of exchanging Receipts for Barrington, saying his Name would do Honour to my Tickets: All the Receipts that were left were exchanged Lift: My lord told me he would take Ten; and, after for so many Tickets* which remained in his Custody in Lottery' was doted, he tent his Servant to me, and told lieu of the Receipts.

VOL.26. 11 T The

99°

14* Martit. A. 1754.

Lottery for The Exchange of the Receipt Is the Delivery of the purchasing Ticket: And then being asked, How Tickets could &c exchanged, and not claimed at the same time ? he

Ietitions. said, That, from the Beginning, he entered every body’s Name in his Book, who bespoke Tickets, in the Course they bespoke them and when the Quota was settled, that each Receiver was to answer, he looked upon himself as answerable to the Publick for all the Tickets set down in that Book, and bound to pay £.3 to the Publick for each of them and had paid for them beforehand, to accommodate Gentlemen.

That when the 25th of July came, he no longer looked on himself as answerable to those who bespoke them: That he exchanged them for Tickets, and kept them in his Custody, till he found out he had signed more Receipts than he knew of, and then he kept the Tickets to answer such Surplus.

Being asked, If he could assign any Reason why so many Tickets were not claimed? he again mentioned what had passed with regard to Lord Barrington, &c. as before mentioned, but gave no other Reason: Said, He put down no Names as Contributors, without being applied to for that Purpose: Being asked, If Sir Charles Mordaunt had applied for Tickets ? said, He believed he mult have applied to some Friend of his: Being asked the Meaning of the Circumflexes in his Book ? said. He apprehended it was to refer to the Personswho had bespoke Tickets.

Admitted that the Advertisement in the Gazette was put in by his Order, as One of the Four Receivers — Upon this the Committee read the Advertisement in the Gazette of the 9th of June which is as follows:

" Lottery-Office at the Exchequer, June 9, 1753.

u The Receivers of the Contributions to the Lottery <€ for 300,000l. granted by Act of Parliament passed Anno u 1753> ^ve Notice, That thrv have appointed this <c Office wherein to receive, pursuant to the said Act, the f€ Contributions for the Purchase of Tickets in the said <c Lottery, of Three Pounds each Ticket, whereof One <c Pound to be paid down, and the Remainder on or <c before the 26th Day of Oftuber 1753; and that At-cc tendance will be given here on the 14th Inflanr, from c< Nine till Ojie in the Forenoon, for that Purpose, and c< so continue constantly every Day, Sundays and Holi-<c days excepted.’’

And also Two Clauses in the Lottery Act, Page 246 and Page 355.

Whereupon Mr. Leheup being nfked, Whether the Advertisement was repeated in the Gazette? said, He did not know, but that it was repeated in other Papers several times: That he thought the Advertisement of the particular Day a Work of Supererogation, the Act of Parliament not directing that any certain Time should be fixed* and the Reason of his fixing a Time, was, because he thought it for the Benefit of the Service* yet imagined, that by the general Words of the Act, that fays <c at w any time or times after Bond given/* he was justified.

And being asked. Whether he considered himself as an Officer under the Act, who was to obey the Directions or Regulations of it? he said. That he did look upon himself as such an Officer* but thought, that when an Act of Parliament is passed, and unforeseen Cafes and Events happen, which might defeat the whole declared Intention of the Act, it was the Duty of an Officer to comply, as much as was possible in the nature of Things, with the Directions of the Act.

And being asked. What unforeseen Accidents happened, to make him take in Subscriptions before the Time mentioned in the Gazette ? said, Because he knew the Receivers were confined to a very small Place, the Lottery-Office near the Exchequer, where it would be impossible to do the Business without Confusion and Hurry, if the Lottery was to fill.

Being then asked, How the Lottery-Office came to be named ? said, He was sorry ic was wished it had been at the Bank or the South-Sea House: That it was necessary to have a secure Place, and thought being near the Exchequer was some Security: That the Lottery-Office was fixed on soon after the Act passed: That he did not remonstrate against it, because he thought the Security of publick Money was the first: and primary Consideration.

Being asked, How many Subscriptions he took ift before the Day, in order to moderate the Crowd ? said. He did not take any Subscriptions before he had given Bond, and his Commission was signed but that he took down a great many Names before the Day.

And being asked. Whether he had any Admonition, with respect to the Intention of the Act, from any Gentlemen employed in drawing ic up ? said. He had already acquainted the Committee what a certain great Personage had cold him, and was extremely sorry ic was not in his Power to comply with all his Directions.

Being next asked, Whether he was consulted about the Act while it was framing ? said, he was employed as a Clerk, in writing out the Bill: That he never attended the Committee of Gentlemen — Admitted he did make a Draught of a Bill but was no ways originally privy to private Persons being appointed, instead of the Bank, to receive the Money.

Being asked, Whether the exceptionable Parts of this Act are not the same as in his Draught ? said, he really could not tell, but knew the Bill underwent some Alterations.

Being then asked. Whether he took in no Subfqrip-tions before the Day, but from particular Gentlemen, to accommodate them ? said, He was extremely glad when any body offered to subscribe and, if the Lottery had not filled, should have made a bad Figure here, if any Gentleman said he had not taken his Subscription: That he believes in general* after he had given Bond, he took in Subscriptions from every body that offered before the 14th of June and added, That, relying upon the Candour of the Committee, he very freely declared, that he lent a Letter to the Bank of England, to acquaint them, that he would attend the Day before the Day fixed in the Advertisement, to receive such Subscriptions as the Gentlemen of the Bank should desire within the Description of the Act: That he desired a Clerk of the South-Sea House to acquaint the Gentlemen of that Company to the like Effect and told him the Reason was, to avoid the Hurry of the next Day: That the Directors of the Bank said, They would have none at all.

And being asked, Whether he did this as his Duty, or as the bed Expedient to fill the Lottery? said. That what he did, he apprehended to be his Duty.

And being asked. Whether he did not think the Intention of the Act was to raise the Money by an open Subscription ? said, He did think so: That the Advertife-mentcould only mean till the Subscription was completed: That he attended the First Day not only from Nine to One o’Clock, which was the Time advertised, but also from Morning to Night, the whole Day publickly.

And being asked, Whether, by taking Contributions previous to the Time fixed, he did not turn what was intended to be an open Subscription into a private one? said, That he knew there would be as many Tickets left as could be possibly demanded by an open Subscription on the Day advertised.

That, from the Smallness of the Office, and the unpreA vided Cafes in the Act, this was the best Means of furthering the Intention of Parliament: That he thought, if a Gentleman came to ask for Twenty Tickets before the Day appointed, that was an open Subscription within the Intention of the Act, especially as there was enough to supply every body who demanded them the Day advertised: Said, that he took down Names of Contributors before the Act passed, for furthering the Service, and as a private Transaction of his own as an Agent: That he saw no Persons demanding Tickets the First Day within the Hours advertised, that were not served: That, on the Second Day, there were some, to be sure.

And being asked, Whether every body in the Kingdom had not a Right to subscribe on and after the 14th of

Jm%

27 Geo. II. 14 Martii.991

June, till the Lottery was full ? said, Yes; and, If he had paid into the Bank; and that most Part of the Sum of Lottery for ! been sure the Lottery would have filled, believed he 8,243/. zs was the Money that was unpaid for ^fstoan«n/ should have acted otherwise: That everybody had a Tickets bespoke; the rest for those Draughts and Bank &c. Cob Right to subscribe before the 23th of July, in case the Post Bills, and some Tickets subscribed in the Crowd, ledions. Lottery was not before filled. without taking out Receipts at the same time.

Being asked, What he meant by saying the re would be Your Committee then ordered, That the Proper Offi-Tickets enough left for the open Subscription ? said, Be- cers at the Bank should lay before them a Copy of all cause, if there had been a Crowd to an extraordinary De- Receipts and Entries made at the Bank on Account of gree, they must have (topped till the next Day: That he the Receivers of the said Lottery, or any of them, the understood the open Subscription was not for that Day Time when made, and by whom paid; which Accounts only, but till the Lottery was filled; and yet, being are annexed in the Appendix, N° 2, 3, and4. alkcd, If he left Tickets enough for One Day’s open James Monypenny Esquire, another of the said Receivers, Subscription, he did not think he had done his Duty ? being examined as to the Method of taking in Subscrip-he answered, Yes, if the Subscription was within the Let- tions, said, That, at the First Meeting of the Four Re-tcr of the Act, as near as the same would admit. ccivers, they signed their Bonds, and fixed the Day for

And being alked, Why they gave such short Notice advertising: That he itfued fpme Receipts before the as Five Days for Contributors to come in ? said, Because 14th of June, and took the Money at the time the the Parliament was just up, and the Gentlemen would be Names were entered in his Book: That all the Persons, going out of Town, and he was greatly desirous to ac- whose Names were entered in his Book before the commodate them: That the Lottery Bill had long passed 14th of paid their Money at the time of enter-both Houses i and the longer it flayed, the more it might ing their Names, and those who desired Receipts had be blown upon. them; but that all his Contributions were taken in at the

And then being asked, If bethought himself authorized Lottery-Office: That on the 14th of June he began to to take in Subscriptions before the 14th of Juney why take Contributions between Eight and Nine o’Clock, and were all Receipts dated on that Day i said, Because he believes the other Receivers were all there before him; thought it might look more regular. the Office was very full of People: That he finished

And being asked. Whether, in common Course of about Four or Five o’CIock in the Afternoon; refused Business, it was not usual to date Recc ipts the same Day no body Receipts who offered to contribute; gave no they are given on? said, That very ofeen, in a great Orders for (hurting the Doors; but something was laid.

Hurry of Bufineft, it is dispensed with if the Doors were (hut, People within should be all served:

And being asked, From whence that great Hurry of That on the 15th of June he came to the Office about

Bufincf* did arise, as to those Receipts given out before Eight o’Clock, and with Difficulty got up Stairs; and the 14th of June ? said. The Hurry of Business — I did that One of the Receivers get in at the Window: That it to be looked on as a Transaction of that Day, and did at the time he came Mr. Lebeup was taking in Contribu-uot think it material whether dated that Day, or not. tions, but is not certain whether the other Receivers were Mr. Lebeup was then asked, How it came that Mr. there: That the Lottery was declared to be full that Day Joseph Mafclary had zo Tickets in Fol. 23. 20 in Fol. about Eleven of the Clock: That the Receivers, on the jo, and 10 in the Omissions of Entries ? said, As to the 14th in the Evening, cast up their Books, and cotflmu-double Twentys, they were inserted by Mistake, and, nicated to each other how their Departments flood, but when discovered, One of the Twentys was not delivered; he does not recoiled that any Notice was given at what and, as to the Ten among the Omifliuns of Entries, appre- time the Receivers would attend the next Morning: hended they were never taken out by the same Person; That he had received all the Contributions in his De-and, when it was brought to him, thinking it was One partment, and cast up his Books, when the Lottery was Receipt more than he intended to sign, he put it the declared to be full; and, upon comparing the Totals, Mr.

End of the Book: That as to the Name of Sir John Lebeup declared it to be more than full: That there was

Mordaunt, in the Margin, Fo. 3, he thought he had be- a great Hurry and Confusion in the Office, and the Parti-Ipoke those Tickets. tions were forced down.

And being asked, Why he desired the Word <c Lift" Being asked, How he could befo careful and exatt in to be altered in his Narrative to <c Names," when the his Entries, in that Hurry? he said, He took all the Care Word " Lift" appeared in his Book ? said, Because he he could to be correct, and had the good Fortune to thought it might accuse himself: That he made it a Rule be so.

in general, as near as he could, ’not to accept Two Lifts That he put a Date to all the Names at the time he from the same Person: That the Reason why he did not delivered Tickets in Exchange for Receipts, pay his whole Quota into the Bank within Three Days, Being asked, By whom the Lifts distinguished in his as the rest of the Receivers did, was, because he really had Book by the Word <c Exchequer" wrote against them not received all; there were a great many Gentlemen were delivered ? he said. By one Williams, a Porter at who bespoke Tickets, and had not paid for them, be- the Exchequer, who told him they were Lifts from Gen* cause of the Crowd: That he looked upon himself ob- tlemen of the Bank, who deGred to subscribe. f liged to pay for them, if they did not: That, if those That no Agreement was made by the Receiv^rtfas to Tickets were left upon his Hands, he thought he had a the respective Quotas of Receipts, but ail act^ed to at-Righc to dispose of them. tend, and take what they could; and that he did not

Whereupon being asked, If he looked upon himself as understand himself to be answerable by his Bond for the intitled to them, did he not conGder himself as a Sub- other Receivers.

feriber for those Tickets? said, That he looked on Being asked his Reason for taking Subscriptions before himself as in Duty bound to dispose of them in such man- the Day advertised, he said, Mr. Lebeup proposed to ner as the Publick should receive no Loss: That the meet on the 13th, and they all agreed to it, to accom-

Right he acquired in those Tickets was a compulsive modate People.

Right: That he apprehends any of those Gentlemen, That the First Day they met at the Office was the who had not made their First Payment, could have com- Saturday preceding the 14th, when he received Contri-pelled him to deliver the Tickets, if they had applied butions for about One hundred Tickets, but only took in before the 25th of July. the Names, and received the Money: That he did not

And being asked. Whether the Sums of 34,987/. 7s. receive any List of Contributors Names from any of the 6d. and of 2,883/. 10s- P3^ into ®an^ on the i8ch other Receivers.

of Junj, was all the Money he had at chat time received ? Being asked about the Advertisement, said, He did not said. It was all the Money he had received before Mon- know when it was put in, that being left intirely to Mr. day Morning the 1 Sth of June, except some Draughts Ltheupy because he was more used to publick Business and Bank Post Bills, which could not then be regularly than the rest of the Receivers, and therefore the Forms Voi>. 26. were

992 14 'Matin* A. 1754.

Lottery for ^ere l^ft.to him: That he (Mr. Monypenny) paid into the made, That he dees not know of any other Diregions, purchasio^ Bank the Whole of his Receipts for the First Payment on nor by whom the Books were ordered: That he appre-c^c i»8ch of June, at One Payment. hended the Receipts were to be issued on che 14th of

lections." Mr. Richard Devins, Clerk to Mr. Monypenny, con- June, pursuant to the Act.

firmed Mr. Monypenny s Evidence in general; and fur- Mr. Thomas Evans, Clerk to Mr. Poftlethwayt, said, tfrer /aid. That on the 14th the Hurry was very great; He attended for the First time on the Saturday before the notwithstanding which, Mr. Monypenny and he entered 14th of June, and don’t recoiled they took in any Sub-Persons Names from Lifts, and delivered Receipts, and feripcions then, but did on Tuesday and Wednesday f(A\ow-pbfcrved Regularity as much as possible; and that he ing; they refuted none; the Books were ready prepared; never did any Business but when Mr. Monypenny was That he does not remember the Act was read, but that he present. copied che Advertitement for the Gazette.

And being asked, How many Names the largest Lift That Mr. Pojlletbwayt and he were not interrupted by plight contain i laid. For about 500 Tickets, which Lift £he Crowd on the 14th (the First Day of opening the was brought by Williapis che Exchequer Porter: That Sobscription); nor did he hear any Speech made to the there were tevcral other Lifts for One hundred Tickets, or Crowd, he being at a Distance: That they continued upwards: That they did not ask rhofe Persons from whom filling up Receipts, and taking Money, till between they came: T/iac the Office was fluit on the Thursday, Eight and Nine in the Evening of that Day: That he about Seven o'Clock in the Evening: That they took in came to the Office on the Friday Morning, the ijth of Contributions till that time: That many were received on June, before Eight o’clock; and between Ten and Eleven the Tuesday or Wednesday, perhaps 1,600 or more, add One of the Messengers went round, and inquired of each none were refuted that came to the Office thote Days. Receiver how the Numbers stood: Upon which iMr.

That on Friday the 15th, about Nine o’Clock in the Leheup spoke first, and declared the Lottery to be full, Morning, Mr. Leheup called to Mr. Monypenny and the and then the other Receivers did the fame: That their other Receivers, and laid, He believed the Lottery was Department was 27,000l.

full; upon which they immediately cast up Mr. Monyfenny's Thomas Mulfo Esquire, another of the said Receivers, Department, and found they had delivered Receipts for informed your Committee, That the First Contribution* 12,868 Tickets: And Mr. Leheup said, The Lottery was he took in was at the Office on che Saturday before the more than full, and that they mull be obliged to cut off 14th of June.

a great Number; but chat he did not know what Mr. That the Act was not read at the Board; neither did Leheup meant by ftying so. they proceed much upon 'their own Judgment, but left -

James Po/ildbicayt Esquire, another of the said Re- the Method to be settled by Mr. Leheup, who diey ceiver>, acquainted your Committee, That he was nomi- thought was employed before them, as he had settled naced but Five or Six Days before the Act was carried several Things beforehand: That all the Clerks were into Execution, and was never summoned to attend, or appointed for them, the B^oks and printed Receipts were confuted with, till the Receipts were printed off, and the ready provided, and apprehends Mr. Leheup appointed his Advertisemenc tent to be ipterted in the News Paper: (Mulfo'%) Clerk, but that he was a very good one: That

That Mr. Leheup appointed all the Receivers Clerks, and the Method Mr. Leheup propoted, was, That they should he djg.jioc know of the Advertifoment till the Saturday take different Seats, and proceed immediately to receive Morning of the Day it was published. any Money that was'offered; which they acquiefeed in:

That he took Subscriptions for a few Friends who That Mr. Leheup mentioned advertising the Subscripcion applied to him before the 14th of June, and received some for the Thursday following, in which the Rest of the Re-Money on the Saturday before; but made no Entry in ceivers acquiefeed — That he delivered out no Receipts his Book, oqly took a Memorandum for his own private before the 14th of June, except Two, One for Two Satisfaction; and that he issued no Receipts before the Tickets, and One for Five; and that Mr. KVilfon, his 14th of June, except Two or Three which his Clerk had Clerk, told him the same Person brought the Receipts in in his Custody; and he directed his Clerk not to issue Exchange for the Tickets: That his reason for not ddi-.any before the 14th of June. vering Receipts before the 14th, was, that he thought

That Mr. Leheup, on the Saturday before the 14th, that the regular time on account of the Advertisemenc; directed the Receivers in whnt manner they should pro- and that he took down no Contributors Names before he ceed; and propoted taking Money, and ifilling Receipts, received the Money.

that Day; and that he saw Mr. Leheup at that time taking That he came to the Office on the Thursday about Nine Contributions: That he never heard of any Apprehen- o’Clock, and continued there till about Four or Five in fions from the Receivers, or others, with respect to the the Afternoon, and then cast up his Book, to tee if his Place named, or of the Crowd that might come on the Money agreed with his Account, and found it did: That Thursday: That he knew nothing of the Place till he had received the First Payment from every Person named. whose Name was in his Book.

That, on the Day fixed for taking in Subscriptions That on Friday, between Ten and Eleven o’Clock, Mr. tevera! People came with Lifts, >vhom he knew, and were Leheup called out to the other Receivers, to know how extrenidy desirous that he would take their Money, and their Departments flood; and, upon their-Answer, de-:bat they might call for their Receipts afterwards; in con- dared the Lottery to be full.

tequence thereof, he wrote down many Names in a That he (Mulfo) received all the Money in his De-Pocket-book, to be afterwards entered. partment that Morning, before he went out of the Office.

That when the Lottery was declared to be full, he had That on Thursday the 14th there was a great Crowd, received ail his First Payments, except for Receipts for and the Partitions were broke down; he can’t say it was about 2 or jeo Tickets, delivered to Gentlemen of his any Hindrance to his Business: That he was fully cm-Acquaima«cc, whote Names he offered to mention, and ployed, and does not think he could have taken more which were paid for in a few Days, but not till after he Subscriptions in the Time: That his Clerk, Mr. Wifon, had paid all his Quota into the Bank; and that he re- was a very good one, and thinks he could have taken down ceived no Lifts of Subscribers from any of the other as many Subscriptions as any of the others.

Receivers. That he had not any non-claimed Tickets in his De-

And being asked, Whether the Act was read on the partment; and did not know, till within a few Days of Saturday, at the Board of Receivers? said. It was not his Examination, what a non-claimed Ticket was: and formally read, but that they looked at One or Two of thinks, if the Subscribers had paid the Money as their the Clauses: That they found the Method of proceeding Names were taken down, there could have been no chalked out, the Receipts being ready printed, and the Tickets unclaimed.

Books ready prepared where the Entries were to be That the Circumflexes in his Book import the Lifts

l delivered*

17 Geo. II.

14° Mar til

993

delivered: That he received several Lilts from Williams Leheup at Privi'te Parties, and there difeourfing about the Lottery ftt the Exchequer Porter, and that he or his Clerk received Lottery, said, When the Subscription was open, he should pwdufing all the other Lifts. be glad to have some Tickets: That meeting Mr. Leheup

Being asked, Whether he received any Lifts of Sub- in the Park on the Sunday before the 14th of Jime, he t^nt. feribers from any other Receivers ? he said, On Thursday alked him if he tbntihued in the same Mind as to being a the 14th he received some, which he believes were first Contributor to the Lottery: That he said he did: Upon brought to Mr. Leheup, who sent them to him, because which Mr. Leheup said, " Call upon me Tomorrow or he (Mr. Leheup) was Dufy; but he always took the Mo- " T at the TreasurVj and you shall have feme:" ney before he delivered the Receipts. That he, Mr. looked upon it as a Civility done

That, previous to the 14th of June, he heard Mr. him.

Leheup say he would lay any Money the Lottery would And being alked, Whether Mr. Leheup made any not fill. Difficulty in delivering them to him ? said, Mr. Leheup

Being alked, Whether Mr. Leheup proposed any Me- told him there could be only 20 in One Name, and bid thod about filling the Lottery ? said, That Mr Leheuphim make out a List: That, upon coming to Mr. Le-declared it was right to take in Contributions on the Sa- heap, he told him, That, by the Act of Parliament, no turday: That he particularly deGred him to take some One Person could have above 20; and that, if he in-Contributions then: There was a Parcel of Names, and tended to have more, he must bring a List of the Persons he deftred him to take them; this was on the Saturday: Names for that Number: That he might answer he had That he took them, and don’t remember he took any no Lift made out: Upon which Mr. Leheup said, " Why other that Day; there were in all about 6 or 7O0: That " take Paper, and a Pen and Ink, and fit down in the he did (lightly object to it, and said. It would be more " Officeiri a Dclk;" and that Mr. Clerk brought

regular to stay till Lhurjday,the Day fixed by the Adver- him Pen, Ink, and Paper; and that he, (Mr. Calmel) tisement. made out a List of Names for the Number of Tickets he

Mr. Samuel Wilson, Clerk to Mr. Mufo, said. That he proposed taking, was appointed Clerk by Mr. Leheup, and had been em- And being asked, Whether he desired to have those ployed in Lotteries ever since the Year 1741: That Mr. Tickets in his own Name ? laid, That, not knowing the Leheup gave him the Advertitement on Saturday the 9th Act, he asked for so many Tickets: That when he had of June, between Ten and One o’Clock, and he (Wilson) made out the Lift, and carried it to Mr. Leheup, he gave it to Mr. Brown, to be advertiftd in the Gazette made no objection to the Names: That Mr. Leheup got only once: That, on the Saturday, the Receivers signed nothing by it.

their Bonds, and he believes took a lew Subscriptions: That after this, on the Wednesday before the 14th of

That he acted as Secretary 10 the Board on that Day; June, he desired a Person to apply in his own Name for 300 and that the Act of Parliament was not read, to his Know- Tickets more for his (Mr. Calm el's) Ule, and gave him ledge. 300/- for that Purpose; but that Perfo^afterwards re-

That the Circumflexes in Mr. Mulfo's Book import turned him his Money, and told him the Books in Mr.

Lifts: That several were brought by one Williams, a Leheup'% Department were full.

Money Porter at the Exchequer: That he brought them Mr. Solomon Laeofla said. That he was a Contributor all at once on the thurjday Evening, and said they came to the late Lottery, and paid in his Money on Wednesday from the Bank. the 13th of June: That, coming to Town on that Day,

Being alked the Realbn why Mr. Mulfo disposed of lo he found there were several Receipts in Change Alley, and small a Number of Tickets, he said. That he was ex- was informed the Lottery was half full; and, having an tremely flow and careful, and desired him not to enter Order from abroad to subscribe for 20 Tickets, he sent a any Lids till he had looked them over, though he thinks Porter to the Office, who brought him a Receipt for 20, he was not more flow than a careful Man ought to be; signed by Mr. Monypenny.

for that Mr. Mufo and he were so fully employed, that Being alked. What Premium Receipts bore in the Alley

he had not Time to enter the Lifts brought by Williams, on Wednesday the 13th of June? said, It was only 6d. the Exchequer Porter, that Night, but came to the Office or 1 s. Premium each Ticket; and, on Friday the 15th, at three o’clock the next Morning, to get them entered Tickets bore a Premium of 3 td; on Monday the 18th before Mr. Mufo came; and that he is sure no one from 9 to

could have taken any cotasiderable number of Subscrip- Mr. Lucas Sbrimpton, Broker, informed your Com-tions more than they did in the Time; and that none were mittee, That he subscribed for 50 Tickets, in the iatd taken down as Contributors in Mr. Muljo’s Department, Lottery, on Wednesday the 13th of June: That he went who did not pay their Money. to the Lottery-Office that Day between 11 and 12

Y our Committee, observing that Mr. Leheup’& Con- o’Clock, and found Three of the Receivers there, viz. dust had not only occasioned great Irregularity and Con- Messieurs Leheup, and Monypenny: That

fusion in his Department, bur that he had thereby like- he took Receipts for Fifty Tickets of Mr. Monypenny in wife engrossed near One Half of the Contributions, were Three different Names: That no Questions were alked desirous to be informed, from some of the Contributors him, and he believes he might have had any Quantity: before the 14th of June, in what manner he had taken in That Tickets bore 3 Premium in the Alley on the 13th, their Contributions, and what Premium the Receipts and continued to rife the subsequent Days; the highest issued bore on the 13th, 14th, 15th, and subsequent Days Premium was 16r.; and that great Numbers were fold in June, ordered Mr. Peter Calmel, Samjon Gideon Esquire, within Two or Three Days alter, 2, 3, and 500, in a Mr. Solomon Dacofia, Mr. Gabriel Lopez, and others, to Parcel.

attend. _ Mr. Gerard Smith said. That he received 40 Receipts

Your Committee, at their next Meeting, were informed for Tickets at the Lottery-Office on Wednesday the 13th by the Messenger, That he had been at Mr. Gideon's of June, which were dated the 14th of June.

House, and was there told, that he was gone to Paris: Mr. Thomas Cotton said. That himselfand Friends had

That he had served the Orders upon all the other Per- Receipts for 660 Tickets on the 13th of June, and about Tons, who were attending pursuant thereto: And there- 2,260 on the 14th: That they carried a List of Names, upon, but cannot say what date the Receipts bore: That on

Mr. Peter Calmel, being called in, informed your Com- the 14th of June the Premium on Tickets was from 1 s. mittee. That, on the Monday or Tuesday before the 14th to is. 6d.; on the i5tir, from is. to 4 6 on the

of June,he went to the Treasury, and there had Re- 16th they advanced to 10s.; and, on the Monday follow-ccipts for 260 or 270 Tickets delivered to him by Mr. ing, from 14s. to 13s.

Leheup, 20 in each Receipt: That the Reason of his Being alked, Whether, in publick Subscriptions during going to the Treasury, was, that he sometimes met Mr. the late War, it was not customary to pay Money into

Vol. a 6.

11 U

the

994

i4° Martii.

A. 1754.

lottery for the Bank without having Receipts ? he laid, It wasusual purcliuhng to ]cavc. ivioncy without Receipts, because they knew the

the Sloaneah, 1

&c. Coliec- CItr,<s*

tions. Mr. Gabriel Lopez, Broker, said, He (kw a Receipt for

20 Tickets in the Alley on Wednesday the 13th of June: That on the 18th of June be fold Receipts for a Thousand Tickets for One Person.

And being asked, Who that Person was? said. It was Mr. Gideon; and chat he fold the Tickets at 8s.6d. Premium, and had the Receipts delivered to him Two or Three Days after by Mr. Gideon, to whom he then paid the Money: That he likewise fold for Mr. Gideon Receipts for 500 Tickets more the same Day; in all, 1,500: That in general he did not do Mr. Gideon*s Business, nor did he buy any Tickets for him; but, in large Trans-a&icns, it is very common for one Broker to do business for another.

Your Committee being desirous to be informed who those large Lifts delivered in by Williams, the Exchequer Porter, came from, he was ordered to attend.

And being called in, and examined as to the Lifts distinguished in Mr. Mujfo's and Mr. Monypenny's Books as Exchequer Lifts ? said. They were delivered to him by Mr. Martin and Mr. Eades, Two Clerks of the Bank, who, from coming every Day to the Exchequer, are called Exchequer Clerks: That at the same time he had a List of Names from Mr. Clift the Banker for about 490 Tickets, and about 50 from Acquaintances of his own; and that the Lifts the Clerks brought from the Bank were rolled up, and he (Williams) did not know what they contained; only the Clerks told him, that the Gentlemen of the Bank had sent them J That, upon his carrying them to the Receivers, he was asked from whence they came: That he answered, " From the Gentlemen of the " Bank/' Wilson, (Mr. Mu/fo*s Clerk) said, There was Work for Two Hours: Upon which Mr. Lebeup said, f< I will take Part, I am willing to oblige every-body;" and that he had not the Receipts till the Saturday or Monday after the 14th of June: That the Receivers asked him no Questions, as they saw the Money agreed with the Lifts.

Williams having referred to Mr. Martin and Mr. Eades, as the Persons he had the Lifts from, your Committee ordered them to attend.

Your Committee, desiring a further Explanation of the Bank Account, ordered that a List of the Bank Notes paid in by Peter Lebeup Esquire, on the 21st of June, should be laid before them; which Lift is annexed in the Appendix, N* 5.

Mr. Henry Martin and Mr. Joseph Eades, being called in, severally said, That they gave Lifts for about 2,500 Tickets to William, and told him they came from the Bank, and at the same time gave him Money and Bank Notes to pay for them: That they chiefly had them from the Bank Clerks, or Gentlemen that kept Cash there.

Mr. Eades further said, That he subscribed for 20 Tickets for himself on Saturday before the 14th of June, and paid his Money to Mr. Lebeup, but had not the Receipts till the Tuesday following.

Your Committee being informed, That Mr. Lebeup attended, and desired to make some Amendments to his former Evidence;

He was called in; and, having produced a Paper of the Amendments, the Minutes were made agreeable thereto.

After which, being asked to explain the Rasure in the Margin, Fo. 1. to Miss Lightfoot* Name, said. The Letters rased were PL; the Meaning of which Note was only a Memorandum to himself to deliver Eight of the Fifteen (put down to Miss Lightfoot) to other People; and named Three Persons for Four of the Eight Tickets: That Miss Lightfoot had only Seven.

As to the Rasure in Fo. 11. to the Name of Benjamin King, he could not say any thing to it. — It was only a little Memorandum of his own.

Mr. Peter Calmel, being again called in, was asked by Mr. Lebeup (with the Leave of the Committee) whether

he did not think that he (Mr. Lebeup) meant the Furtherance of the Service by letting him have the Tickets? — said. He knew he meant it as a Civility to him.

Peter Lebeup Esquire, being examined in regard to the Receipts for 260 Tickets delivered by him to Mr. Calmel, was asked* Why, when a Gentleman applied to him for 260 Tickets in his own Name, he did not give him Twenty, as the most he could have under the Ad, instead of telling him, that if he would give a List that would include the Whole at 20 for each Person, he should have the whole 260? To which he answered, That he did not remember that the Gentleman applied to him for 260 Tickets in his own Name; but believes he might say in general he wanted 260 Tickets, and believes his answer might be, " You can have but Twenty <c for yourself," or of Twenty in your own Name;" and at the same time cold him. If he would have any more, he must set down the Persons Names.

And being asked, When any Gentleman came to ask him for 26b Tickets, whether lie did not think they were for himself? said. He might think so, but he was not sure.

Being asked, Whether he did not tell Mr. Heje, who applied to him on the 13th of June for Receipts, that he had already taken in 5,000 more than his Department I he said. He verily believed he did not: That he might say he could take no more at that time, for that the Subscription he then proposed to take was full.

Mr. Peter Calmel, being again examined, was asked. How he apprehended Mr. Lebeup understood him when he asked for the 260 Tickets ? said. That he believes Mr. Lebeup understood them to be for himself and Friends: That he might say they were for himself and Friends* but will not take upon him to affirm that he said so: That he is not sure Mr. Lebeup said, " Make out a 4< Lift j* he said, I must have a List of Names made <c out;" but the Witness afterwards said. That he thought his first Evidence was to the Purport of whaf passed.

Your Committee then ordered Mr. John Hejfe, Mr. William Turner, and Mr. Joseph Jones, to attend.

And Mr. John Hejfe, being examined, informed your Committee, That he was applied to by Mr. Calmel to get some Tickets from Mr. Lebeup', to whom he applied for that Purpose on Wednesday the 13th of June: And Mr. Lebeup asked him, How many he wanted ? To which the Witness answered, As many as he could spare. Mr. Lebeup replied, cc 1 cannot let you have more than €€ Twenty;" and took the Witness’s Name down for Twenty Tickets, and gave him Two Receipts for Ten each.

That Mr. Lebeup looked over his Book, and said, He apprehended he should find, upon calling it up, that he had delivered Four or Five thousand more than his Share already: Upon which he, Mr. Hejfe, said, " If that is " the Cafe, what are you to do with regard to the Over-c- plus?" And Mr Lebeup answered, u Some of the " Receivers must find Room for them Tomorrow."

And being asked. Whether he apprehended Mr. Lebeup, by this Discourse, meant any more chan that the Number of Subscriptions he intended to take that Day was complete ? he said, That, after Mr. Lebeup had given him chat Answer, he ordered the Door to be shut, and no more Persons to be let in: And further said, That this might square a little with that Meaning: He did not put down in Writing what paired at that time.

Mr. Joseph Jones, Broker, said, That he subscribed to the late Lottery on the Thirteenth of June, for himself and Friends, for Five hundred Tickets; believes in Mr. Postlethwayt's Department; and had Receipts for them at the same time.

That on the Fifteenth and Sixteenth of June he fold a great Quantity of Tickets for Mr. Gideon: That he fold for him Four thousand Six hundred, to be delivered on the 18th, 20th, and 22d, of the same Month, and of which he delivered to your Committee an Account of the Times when the said Tickets were fold, and at what 13 Price;

27 Geo. II. 14" Martik

995

Price; which Account is hereto annexed in the Appendix, N° 6.: That he paid Part of the Money for those Receipts to Mr. Gideon himself, and Part by (Mr. Gideon's) Order to Mr. Brajfey on his Account.

That the Premium of Tickers on the 13th of June was from 6d. to 1/. and is. 6d.\ on the 14th they might be 2j.; on the 15th 3*. to 5s. 6d.3 on the 16th 5s. 6don the 19th 13s. 6d

Mr. William Turner, Broker, said, That Tickets fold on the 13th June from 6d. to u. 6d. Premium.

Your Committee then ordered all the Lifts of Contributors delivered to the Receivers to be laid before them.

A Menhber present (Mr. Brajfey) informed your Committee, That he found in his Books, as a Banker, on the 19th of June, 40/. charged to Mr. Gideon's Account, paid to Peter Leheup Esquire, which he apprehended to be a Draught, as it came in from the Bank; and, on the same Day, 1,666/. 5s. to Peter Leheup junior: That the said Sum of 1,660/. 5s. was paid in Cacti and Bank Notes of the following Dates and Numbers; viz.

£ s. d.

N° 354. J. Trijtram, 11 May, Bank - 50 o o

248. Theo. Dorrington, 17 May, Bank 1,000 o o

140. Geo. Campbell, 5 June, Ditto 500 o o

Money - - 116 5 o

£.1,666 5 o

Whereupon your Committee having recourse to the Lift of Bank Notes paid inro the Bank by Peter Leheup Esquire on the Twenty-first of June last, it thereby appeared, That the said Three Bank Notes payable to Trijtram, Bonington, and Campbell, amounting to 1,550/. and paid at Mr. Brdjfey's the Banker’s to Peter Leheup junior, Esquire, by Order of Samjon Gideon Esquire, on the 19th of June last, were paid into the Bank, on the said 2 ift of June by Peter Leheup senior, Esquire, towards making good the Deficiency on his First Payment.

Upon the Whole of which Examination, your Committee find the following Fads material to be laid before the House:

That Peter Leheup Esquire, One of the Receivers of the Contributions to the late Lottery, did takedown the Names of several Persons, who desired to be Contributors, a good while before the Act passed, and those to a very considerable Amount.

That Mr. Leheup took upon himself the Management, Order, and Direction of the Lottery, providing all the Clerks, preparing Books and printed Receipts, and fixing the Place for receiving Contributions at, before any Meeting or Board of Receivers.

That the First Meeting of the Four Receivers was on Saturday the 9th of June 175 3, when the Advertisement was produced, appointing the Thursday following, and the subsequent Days, at the Lottery-Office at the Exchequer, for taking in Contributions; and One of the Clerks sent it to the Printer of the Gazette, to be inserted that Evening.

That Mr. Leheup then advised and directed the other Receivers to begin taking Contributions immediately 3 and that Mr. Leheup, and the other Receivers, did thereupon take in Contributions on that and the following Days preceding the 14th of June [Sunday excepted) to a very great Amount.

That the Receipts are all dated on the 14th and 15th June, several of which were issued in Mr. Leheup*s and Mr. Monypenny's Department before the Day advertised.

That on the Day advertised (the 14th of June 1753), and the subsequent Day, Mr. Leheup took in Contributions in a very hasty and irregular Manner, receiving Lifts for large Numbers of Tickets, without any Questions; taking the Lifts and Contribution-money, and putting both into his Drawer, without making any Entry in his Book at the time, or in the Office, of the Contributors Names contained in such Lifts.

That the Answer from the Bank to Mr. Leheup*sLet-Vol. 26,

tet (desiring to know if they Would have any Tickets; Lottery for

and that the Receivers would attend on the 13th June Pur^|arin£

v 1 1 the Sloancanj

1753, to accommodate them), was, that they would have &c# Collec. none. — And this Answer was afterwards confirmed to Mr. tions. Leheup by One of the Directors.

That on the nektDay, the 14th June, Lifts for 2,500 Tickets were brought by Williams the Exchequer Porter, which came, as he said, from the Gentlemen of the Bank:

That Mr. Leheup recommended it to the other Receivers to take in the Lifts, and that he would take some hirn-self.

That a very great Crowd pressing to contribute on the said 14th of June, Mr. Leheup, about One o’Clock, caused Proclamation to be made out at Window, That no more Contributions would be taken that Day.

That all the Receivers, on the said 14th of June, took in Contributions after One o’Clock, and some till near Eight at Night, not only of such as were in the Office at the Time the Doors were (hut, and Proclamation made, but of several others, who got in by means of the Mef-' fengers, and others.

That Contributions were taken in by Mr. Leheup, at the Treasury, on Monday or Tuesday the nth or 12th, and Wednesday the 13th, of June 1753, particularly One Lift from Mr. Calmel for 260 or 270 Tickets, which was made out by him at the Treasury, on Mr. Leheup’s informing him he could have but Twenty Tickets in One Name.

That Mr. Leheup*s Department contains near One,

Half of the Contributors to the whole Lottery.;

That Mr. Leheup d\d not make good his First Payment at the Bank within Three Days after the Lottery was full, as the other Receivers did, and as the Act di-red! s.

That Mr. Leheup issued Receip^ for 705 Tickets more than he had entered in his Book, occasioned by his irre- gular Method of taking in Contributions. .:

That Mr Leheup bought no Tickets, but supplied that Deficiency of 705 out of the non-claimed, double-charged* and forfeited Tickets.

That, in consequence, the non-claimed Tickets, as marked in the Account delivered to the House, does not contain the whole Number of non-claimed Tickets.

That no Contributor’s First Payment became forfeited till after the 26th of October.

That Mr. Leheup disposed of 60 forfeited Tickets on. or before the 26th of Ohober,

That Mr. Leheup has not accounted for the Premium such Tickets bore, as the other Receivers have done.

That it has not appeared to your Committee what Right any Receiver had to dispose of non-claimed Tickets.

That Mr. Leheup has admitted himself answerable for all the First Payments on the non-claimed Tickets;

That no Evidence has been laid before your Committee, to shew why the non-claimed Tickets (hoqld not be deemed forfeited ones.

That Receipts for Tickets bore a Premium before the Day fixed in the Gazette for receiving Contributions to the Lottery, and continued rising for near a Week after.

That above Six thousand Tickets were fold in Exchange Alleys within a few Days after the Lottery was full, for Samjon Gideon Esquire, at a very considerable Premium.

That Samjon Gideon Esquire was gone to Paris before your Committee had the Opportunity of Examining him as to those Tickets.

That a Draught of the said Mr. Gideon*s on Mr. Brajfey and Company, and payable to Mr. Leheup for £ol. was paid into the Bank by Mr. Lebeupy as Part of his First Payment, and brought from the Bank to Mr. Brajfeys on the 19th June 1753.

That a Sum of 1,666/. 5r. is charged as paid at Mr. Brajfey*s the same Day, by Order of Mr. Gideon, to Peter Leheup juniorr Esquire, 1,550/. whereof was paid in Bank Notes i which individual Bank Notes were paid into the Bank, by Mr. Leheup the Receiver, on the 21st of June 1753, towards making good his First Payment.

APPENDIX,

14* Martii., 1754.

Lottery for*

purchiftrig the Sloanean, &c. Collcc-tionj.

APPENDIX, N°. 1.

From the Receivers of the Sums contributed to the Lottery, established by an Act passed last Session of Parliament.

AN Account of such Contributors, who paid down a Proportion of their Consideration Money, and did not pay the remaining Part before 26th October last* wkh an Account of the Sums fr received, and what is become thereof; and also an Account of the Tickets difpbfed of, in consequence of such Contributors Default; distinguishing by, and to, whom Ibid. and when, and for what Price; viz.

In Mr. Lchcup's Department.

Original Names in the Receipts; viz.

William Wray £ 5 j. 0

Stephen Bragg - 5 0

Mr. Baxter - - - - 5 0

ir John Turner Baronet - ~ to 0

Jermy Levy - 5 0

Bettjamin Lorinzo - - 5 0

Peter Footman - - - '20 0

John Abel - 5 0

d

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

In Mr. Monypewiy's Department.

Original Names in the Receipts; viz.

£ * d.

Aaron AviUa - *- - - - 20 o o

Jeremiah Cox - < - - - 500

Received in all »- - £ 2S* °

Which feid Tickets were disposed of, the 27th of October lad, by Mr. now ns Par Jons Broker, at 12 s. Prasmio each, to Persons alleged by him to be unknown to him; and produced, alter deducting Brokerage, Eighty-nihe Pounds Fourteen Shillings.

Whereof thfe Sum of Ttoenty-five Pounds is remaining in the hands of the under-written Receiver, to the Use of the Trustees, for the Purposes of the Ad, over and above the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds paid , into the Bank of England and the Prsemio thereupon, amounting in the Whole to Fourteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings, is also remaining in the said Receiver’s Hands, subject to future Directions.

Lottery Office; 14th December 17 jj.

J. Monypenny.

Received in all - - £. 60 o' o

These Sums, amounting in the Whole to Sixty Pounds, are an Exceeding of the Sum of Three hundred thousand Founds paid into the Bank, and are remaining in the under-written Receiver’s Hands, to the Use of the Trustees, for the Purposes of the said Act j and the Tickets attending thereon were, in conference of such Default, exchanged for other Receipts, at the Rate of Three Pounds each, to answer a like Number of those signed by the said Receiver, at the Lottery Office, at the Time of taking in the Contributions; which, by Mistakes arisen from the Hurry and Confusion there, and the said Receiver’s over-hasty Zeal to dispatch the Crowd, and seize that Opportunity to secure the Filling of the Lottery, were omitted to be entered, and are already particularly enumerated in the Account laid before this Honourable House.

Lottery Office, 14th December 1753.

Peter Lebeup.

In Mr. Pojtlelbwayf s Department,

Original Name in the Receipt; viz.

£. s. d

Henry Jowet - - - - 10 00

Which said Tickets were disposed of, the 10th of November last, by the said Receiver, to the Most Honourable the Marquis of Rockingham, at a Pr^mio of 3s. 6d and produced Thirty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

Whereof the Sum of Ten Pounds is remaining in the Hands of the under-written Receiver, over and above the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds paid into the Bank of England together with the said One Pound Fifteen Shillings Prsemio, to the tJfe of the Trustees, for the Purposes of the said Act, and subject to future Direction.

Lottery Office, 14th December 1753.

James Pojllethwayt.

In Mr. Mulfo's Department.

Received of Richard Bratbwayt the First Payment for Twenty Tickets -Received of Thomas Bratbwayt the First Payment for Twenty Tickets -Second Payment of the feme not being made according to the Act of Parliament, fold Thirty-nine of the said Forty Tickets, at Three Pounds Eleven Shillings each, by Jertmiab Smith Broker, to Joseph Gardener, and others whom the said Jeremiah Smith doth not know -

The One remaining Ticket of the said Forty kept myself -

£. d

20 O O

20 O O

138 9 o 300

£. i«» 9 o

£ /. d.

Paid into the Bank Forty Pounds, being the First Subscriprion for the said Forty Tickets - - - - 40 o o

17th October in the Morning, being the next Day after the Time fixed by the Act of Parliament for closing the Subscription, paid Eighty Pounds into the Bank, in order to complete my Proportion, the said Forty Tickets not being yet disposed of - - - 80 o o

19th October, paid the said Mr. Smith the Broker for.disposing of the said Thirty-nine Tickets - - - - 0106

£.120 10 6 Balance - 60 18 6

181 9 o

The Sum of Forty Pounds, Part of the aforegoing Balance, remains in my Hands, to the Use of the Trustees, for the Purposes of the said Act, over and above the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds paid into the Bank of England, and the Remaining Sum of Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence remains in my Hands, subject to future Directions.

Lottery Office, r4th December 1733.

f. Mulfo.

APPENDIX,

1-’

g

eg'

r — h

n' cD CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

o

r

On

APPENDIX, N* 2*

PEfER Lebeup, Monypenny Thomas Muifo, and Vofileibwayt, Esquires, appointed by Warrant under the Hands and Seal of the Lord Chancellor and Speaker of the House of Commons, dated 8th 7##* 1753, Receivers of the Contributions to the Lottery, established by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Purchase of the Musaeum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, &c. subject to the Directions of the Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and Speaker of the House of Commons, or any Two of them, and to the Order of the major Part of the Trustees of the British Musaeum, in such manner as the said Act of Parliament directs.

o

o

m

Q-

«7 5J>

Octobern. December ao.

Dr.

To Cash paid Peter Lebeup Esquire, pursuant to a Warrant, dated the 27th September 1753 To Ditto paid the Executors of Sir Hans Sloane -

1,500 o o

20,000 O O

£. 22,500 o o

753. June 18.

x9-

21.

23*

August 20.

at.

3°-

3X-

September 6.

ns

"a

W

as

o

KH

M

a6.

October n.

x5*

18.

*9-

*4-

*5-

*7-

By.Sundries By D/V/o -

By D°

By D"

By D*

By D"

By D°

By D°

By D"

By D*

By D°

By D°

By D"

By D° -By D°

By D°

By D°

By D*

By D"

By D°

By D"

By D"

By D’

By D°

By D?

By D*

By D°

By D"

By D°

By D°

By D* - -

By D°

By D*

This Account is transcribed from the Bobks of the Gbvernor and Company of the Bank of England,

Cr.

{£ 1.858 10 o) _ I 885 O oi

7,811 140 o

8-

Daniel Race% Cashier*

£ s. d*

88,873 7 6

2,743 10 0

7>95* a 6

43* 0 0

10,955 16 6

2,892 0 0

2,870 0 0

3>S°° 0 0

3,710 0 0

2,000 0 0

1,679 10 0

950 0 0

1,604 0 6

936 0 Q

700 0 0 3

3,618 6 6 52V

5,000 0 0 5S-

1,142 0 0

1*338 0 0

6,839 7 6

5,cao 0 0

6,293 8 0

3,482 0 0

4,010 0 Q

7,000 0 0

7,712 0 0

29,023 LI O

8,674 O 2

12,000 O O

19,500 O O

30,108 O 6

9-541 T9 ia

7,920 0 0 vo

300,000 0 0 VO

Lottery for purchasing the Sloanean, See. Collec-

tlOBfi.

998

140 Martii.

APPENDIX, N*3.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Receipts for the First Payment of the Contribution Money for purchasing the Mufseum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, &c. paid into the Bank by Peter Leheup, James Monypenny, Thomas Muljo, and James PoJUctbwayt> Esquires, Receivers of the said Contributions, taken from the Books of the Bank.

'753> June 18th.

Sundries -

Peter Leheup - James Monypenny Thomas fldyLlfo -James PoJHethwayt

34>9*7

12,868

14,018

27,000

s.

7

o

o

o

d.

6

o

o

o

38,873 7 6

£. A

88,873 7

18 th.

June 21 ft. 23d.

Ironjide and Company - 3°o O

Hoare and Company - - 1,500 O

Nightingale and Company 20 O

Ironjide and Company - - 500 O

Child and Company - - 5° O

BraJJey and Company - - 40 O

Drummond and Company - 308 IO

Minors and Company - - 25 O

Bankers Notes and Draughts/>*r Peter -> , Leheup \ viz. £. s.

o o o o o o o o

-J

Drummond and Company

2,743

140

10

o

o

o

Sundries pfr Peter Leheup Collet D° -

£.2,883 10 o

Paid June the 19th

2,743

Paid June the 21ft

- 140 o o

91,756 17 6

7,811 26

' 43V o o

£.100,000 o o

Leheup

Monypenny

Muljo

PoJiUtbwayt

c

46,114

iz,868

14,018

27,000

£.100,000

APPENDIX, N* 4.

Am ACCOUNT of Banker’s Notes and Draughts paid into the Bank of England by Peter Leheup, James Monypenny, ’Thomas Muljo, and James Pofilethwayt, Esquires, Receivers of the Contributions to the Lottery for

purchasing the Mufseum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, &c.

I7S3»

June 18 th.

Ironjide and C# Hoare and C" -Nightingale and C° Ironftde and C° Child and C° -BraJJey and C* Drummond and C° Minors and C° -

Drummpnd and C*

£. s. d'\

300 0 0

- 1,500 0 0

20 0 0

500 0 °\

50 0 0

40 0 0

308 10 0

25 0 0

*>743 10 0

140 0 0

Paid June 19th

£ M83 10 o

- £->743 10 0

Paid June 21ft

140 q o,

£.2,883 10 o

Daniel Race, Cashier.

append

27 Geo. II

14° Martiu

m

APPENDIX, N° 5.

A LIST of the Bank Notes paid in by Peter Lcbeup Esquire, One of the Receivers of the Lottery, on the 21st Lottery for Day o(June 1753, amounting to 7,811/. 2 s.6 d.distinguishing each Note, to whom payable, for what Sum, and Purc0h1af,ne

the Dates and Numbers thereof. ‘he s'ua"ean)

&c. Collec-

__________ — __________ tions.

N°of the Notes.

C. 277

40

41

266

204

»4‘

*73

172

, 98

C. 248

B. 140

_ 354

B. 270

H. 33 107

B.

C.

H

H

To whom Payable.

21

443

100

*4

C. 335

357

C. 328

B. 116

C. 308 C. 428 C. 262

56

C. 104

C- 354

*50

7* 53 *55 66 65

3

H. 296

156

B. 63

200

127

C. 247

99 *5* C. 248 120

91

81

61

C. 163 C. 247 H. 50 511 357 C. 240

45*

Daniel RuJJell -Matthew Collett Ditto - -

David Clayton - . ' -James GibJon -Matthew Collett Ditto Ditto -Dirto

Thecpbilus Dorrington G. Campbell John Trijlram -Anthony Wright Andrew Highjlreet Ji t Ilium Smith -Vere and C°

James Chalie -Matthew Collett Ditto - - '

Dank Hemon -Edward Edes -James Gray Martin and C# Freame and C# Martin and C* William James Edmund Herbert George Wolley -Samuel Mills -Matt. Collett - Ditto

John Raymond -Matt Collett - Ditto Ditto Ditto

Thomas Delamotie Coles Fortrie -Abraham Hogson Matt. Collett - Ditto -Michael Bland M. Loilett Ditto

Drummond and C° Hankey and C*

M. Collett John Cleveland Matt. Collett -Edward Birkbeck Snow and C* -Colebrooke and C° James Hatch -John Beck Robert Smith -Peter Lehcup -

Date.

25 May 1753

26 CT - Ditto -

13 March - -

15 May

9 D° - -

19 April Ditto -

16 Ditto

17 May

5 June 11 May

7 February -

20 June

23 April

8 June

14 June 26 May 30 Ditto

6 April

11 May 17 zz

24 D* 1753 -14 April

26 May 30 Ditto

18 June Ditto -16 June

22 June 1752

9 May ‘753

8 Ditto

9 Ditto Ditto -30 Ditto Ditto -

9 April 13 June 16 June

23 December 1752 6 Ditto

10 May 1753

i 5 February -26 A&y 21 April 10 Mtly 6 June 1 o March 15 J/w*

12 March 752 9 1753

26

15 June 1 June 14 May

20 June

21 Ditto

V alue.

£ S. i d.

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

5° 0 0

20 0 0

IOO 0 0

20 0 b

20 0 0

25 0 0

1,000 0 0

500 0 0

50 0 0

20 0 0

65 0 0

20 0 0

5° 0 0

207 0 0

20 0 0

5° 0 0

40 0 0

40 0 0

5° 0 0

1,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

IOO 0 0

*5 0 0

20 0 0

100 0 0

5° 0 0

50 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

5°

"5°

200

20

20

20

40

500

200

60

40

20

599

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

2

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

£. 7,8x1 2 6

VoL 26.

APPENDIX,


1000

14° Ma

A. 1754.

APPENDIX, N°

Lottery for RECEIPTS in the Lottery 1753, With £he First Payment made thereon, fold for the Account of Samfbn Gideon fhfsioanfan Esquire> the following Persons j viz. J

Sec. Colleo

1753» £ s. d.

June 15. To Robert Hankins - - - 100, at js, Premium for 18th I I c 0 0

To Phil. Vanden Enden - - - 100, at js. for 20th 11C 0 0

To David Salamon - - 100, at 3 s, for 2 2d _ 115 0 0

T0 Richard Roberts - - - joo, at js. 6d. — - for D* - 587 10 0

To James Collings - - - 200, at js, . for D’ - . 23O 6 0

To 'Thomas Pa Jons - - - 100, at 3 s. - for D° _ 115 6 0

To Cotton and C° - - - 900, at 3 for D* - - L°’3S 0 0

To D° - - - 50, at 4s. for 18th - 60 0 0

To fVm. Steers - - - - 600, at 4J. — for 20th . 72<y O 0

To Lewis Morrell - - - - 100, at js. for 18 th - . 115 O 0

To John Glefeli - - - - 1.50, at 4J. for 20th - . 180 0 0

To John Lock - - - 100, at 4J. - for 18 th 120 0 0

To Geo. Brett - - - 400, at 5 s. 6d. — for D* . j1° O 0

June 16th. To Thomas Par Jons - - - 100, at $s. 6d. — for D' - - 127 IO 0

To Richard Roberts - - - 100, at 51*. 6d. — for D* . - 127 IO 0

To Robert Hankins - - 200, at js. 6d. — for D* - . 255 O 0

To James Collings - - - 450, at js. (id. — for 19th - 573 15 0

To Michael Lejay - - - 200, at js. 6d. — for 22d - - O 0

To John Glejfell - - - - 50, at js. 6d. — for D° - - % 15 0

19th. To Thomas Parjons - - - 100, at 13 j. 6 d, — for 20th - - 167 IO 0

4,600 Tickets. '5.587 to 0

Errors excepted.

Then several Clauses in the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Purchase of the Mufiseum or Colledlion of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One general Repository for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto; were read.

Resolved, That Peter Lebeup Esquire did enter the Names of several Persons, as Contributors to the Lottery established by an Act passed last Session of Parliament, in the Book prepared by his Order, and for his Use, as One of the Receivers of the Contributions to the said Lottery; and that Contributors Names for above Five thousand Eight hundred Tickets were entered by him in the said Book before the First Meeting of the Receivers, on Saturday the Ninth of June 1753.

Resolved, That the said Peter Lebeup took upon himself the Management, Order, and Direction, of this Branch of the Lottery, appointing the Place to receive Contributions at, and preparing the Advertisement for that Purpose, naming Clerks lor the other Receivers, providing Books and printed Forms of Receipts, and directing the other Receivers how to proceed.

Resolved, That the Lottery Office at the Exchequer was the Place appointed to receive the Contributions to the said Lottery; whereof Norice was given by the Receivers, in The London Gazette of the Ninth of June 1753, purporting, That the said Receivers would attend, on the then 14th Instant, at the said Office, from Nine till One of the Clock in the Forenoon, and so continue constantly every Day; Sundays and Holidays excepted.

Resolved, That the said Receivers, without Regard to the above Notice, did take in many Contributions on the said It inch of June, and on several other Days preceding the Time appointed by them in ‘The Gazette for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Contributions were taken in by the said Receivers, on Thursday the said 14th of June, before and alter the Hours appointed, and after Proclamation was made that no more would be taken that Day, and after the Doors were ordered ro be shut, in pursuance of such publick Notice.

Resolved, That Contributions were taken in by the said Mr. Lebeup, at the Treasury, on Monday or Tuesday the 1 ith or 12th, and on Wednesday the 13th of June last; parti*-cularly from Mr. Caimel, who alked for 260 or >70 Tickets.

Resolved, That the said Peter Lebeup, after telling the said Mr. Caimel there could be only Twenty Tickets in his own Name, bid him take Paper, and Pea and Ink, and lit down in the Office and make out a List: That after Mr. Caimel had so made out a List of Names for the Number of Tickets he proposed taking, Mr. Lebeup made no Objection to the Names, but delivered him Receipts for that Number of Tickets.

A Motion being made, That the said Peter Lebeup did not make good his First Payment at the Bank within Three Days after the Lottery was full, as the other Receivers did, and as the Act directs;

The House was moved, That Part of the Appendix, annexed to the said Report, N° 3, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. '

Resolved, That the said Peter Lebeup did not make good his First Payment at the Bank within Three Days after the Lottery was full, as the other Receivers did, and as the Act directs.

Resolved, That no Contributor’s First Payment for Tickecs in the said Lottery became forfeited, till after the 26th of October 1753.

Resolved, That the said Peter Lebeup uifposed of 60 Tickets in his Department, on or before the 26th of October 1753; which he has returned as forfeited Tickets, Resolved, That the said Peter Lebeup has not accounted for the Premium such Tickets bore, as the other Receivers have done. '

Resolved, That the Receivers could have no Property in, or any Right to dispose of, the non-claimed Tickecs.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Receipts for many Thousand Tickets were publicly fold in Exchange Alley within a few Days after the Lottery was full; viz, on and before the 21st of June for Samson Gideon Esquire, at a very consider.ible Premium; and that a Draught of the said Mr. Gideon’s, payable to the said Mr. Lebeup for 40/. was paid into the Bank by him, in Part of his First Payment,on or before the 1 Sch^/wc 1753^* iz ' sndJP

27 GecJ. II. 14* — 150 . i o

Lottery for and that, by Draught or Order of the said Mr. Gidetnty the Sloan? n 1 >^66. $s. were paid at Mr. Brajfey's and Company, &c. colic' ^an^ers* on the 19th June 1753, to Peter Lebeup junior, tumi* £ 1,550. whereof was paid in Three Bank Notes; which

individual Bank Notes were paid into the Bank, on the 21 It June 17531. by the said Peter Lebeup the Receiver, towards making good his First Payment.

A Motion being made, That, after the said Receivers had, by publick Notice in The Gazette, appointed a Time and Place for the receiving Contributions for the Purchase of Tickets in the said Lottery, the taking in Contributions and iflbing Receipts before that Time was contrary to the Method prescribed by the Act, defeating the Purposes of an open Subscription, and an Imposition on the Publick;

The House was moved, That Par: of the said A ft might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That, after the said Receivers had, by publick Notice in The Gazette, appointed a Time and Place for the receiving Contributions for the Purchase of Tickets in the said Lottery, the taking in Contributions and issuing Receipts before that Time was contrary to the Method prescribed by the Act, defeating the Purposes of an open bubl'cription, and an Imposition on the Publick.

A Motion being made. That the said Peter Lebeup, having, before the said Act passed, taken in Contributions 10 the said Lottery, did thereby assume to himself a Power of predetermining what should be the Proceeding, and who should be the Contributors, under the said Act; and that several of the Provisions in the said Act, when ir was passed,declaring that the Contributions should be received in a publick Manner, and from any^erfon, were thereby m a great Measure defeated, and rendered ineffectual;

The House was moved. That Part of the said Report might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

Rcjctved\ That the said Peter Lebeup, having, before the said Act passed, taken in Contributions to the said Lottery, did thereby affunte to himself a Power of predetermining what should be the Proceeding, and who should be the Contributors, under the said Act; and that several of the Provisions in the said Act, when it was passed, declaring that the Contributions should be received in a publick Manner, and from any Person, were thereby in a great Measure defeated, and rendered ineffectual.

Resolved, That the said Peter Lebeup, in entering the Names of Persons as Contributors, who did not make their First Payrwcnt at the Time of his accepting them as such, and afterwards in raking upon himself to become Contributor for the Tickets which were entered in the Names of several of the said Persons, and in taking Contributions privately at the Treasury, instead of publickly at the Lottery Office, was guilty direct Violation of the said Act, and of a Breach of'l rust.

Rofolved, That the said Peter Lebeup, One of the Receivers of the said Lottery, in receiving Contributions on the said 14th of June till Light at Night; and after Proclamation was publickly made about One o’Clock, by Order of the said Mr. Lebeup, that no more would be taken that Day, and the Office Doors then shut — in disposing of the non-claimed and double-charged Tickets, instead of re-delivering them to the Managers and Directors of the Lottery, as the Act directs — in disposing of Sixty Tickets as forfeited before they actually became forfeited — in aiding and insti ufting Contributors how that Part of the said Act, which directs that no Person should be allowed to subscribe for more than Twenty Tickets, might be evaded — and in not paying the Contributions into the Bank within the Time limited by the said Act, was guilty of a further Violation of the said Act, and of another Breach of l rust.

Rtfelved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct his Attorney General forthwich to piofecute, in the most effectual Manner, the said Peter Lebeup for his said Offences. Vol. 26.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be humbly laid before his Majesty, at the same time, with the said Address.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix thereto annexed, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he jjiall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And, an WooHaftoa*# ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eftat0, veiling certain Estates of Sir Isaac Laurence fVoollaston Baronet, an Infant, situate in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in T ruf-tees, to be sold x>r mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisy 150 die Martii;

Anno 27° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Persons

to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth cdindifguiic« Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed and dif-guiftd, and doing 1 njuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Just tee; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, tipon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain 3?PPjy Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year,

1754; and for the further Disposition of the said Sinking Fund; and for carrying to the said Fund the Duty on Sweets; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the* Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L. 7. After " of," to insert a Half-pay for."

Pr. 11. L. 17. To leave out of last."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qoeftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1754; and for the further Disposition of the said Sinking Fund, by paying the reout the Remainder of the Sum advanced oh the Credit of the Duty on Sweets, and the Interest thereof; and for carrying the said Duty to the said Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ShrrfberV,

11 Y for N»w

Preservation of Highways.

Bfidgcford Line Road:

Nene, &c; Rivers;

Offices and Employments.

Importation of reprinted Books, &c.

1601 15 — i Martii 1754*

for naturalizing Charles Sbrpibfr and Jean Frartfois Maxi-mllien de Cerjat, was read the Third time.

RefohJed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, Thar Mr. Hayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Sfrflion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Law's relating thereto, might bo read:

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and thcQuestion being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so faf as relates to the Commencement thereof;

it paflW in the Negative,

A Message from the Lords, by Mir. Burroughs and Mr. Edkvardt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords' have agreed*to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving and preserving the Navigation from Salter's Load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, to Standground Sluice, in die County of Huntingdon, artd from Floods Ferry, in the I fie of Ely in the County of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load, in the said County of Huntingdon 5 and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said Courity of Norfolk, to the River Nene, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the said County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment.

Andf then the Messengers withdrew.

Luna;, 18° die Martii;

Anno 27° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the JHouse, That his An Aver to Majesty had been attended with the Resolutiorts, and Address of this House of Thursday last: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veftingdivers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, contrafted to be sold by Hugh late Earl ae* Clinton in his Life-time, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several Purchasers thereof, puf-suant to their Contrafts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Campbell of Caider, Mr. Kynaftcn, Sir George Lyttelton, Lord Erskine, Sir William Calvert, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Hcblyn, Mr. Pitt, Mr. M'Leod, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. White, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Budged, Mr. Richards, Mr. Alyddelton, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Torke, Mr. Willes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wodebouf,

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Colleton, Mr,

Hayes, Mr. Fane, Sir Duncan Campbell, Colonel Elliott.

Mr. Delavall, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Howard, Mr. Great heed,

Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. An-son. Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. William Lyttelton,

Lord Ba'cman, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Charles Mor daunt>

Sir ll illiam Tenge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. John Torke, Mr.

Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Townjkcnd,

Mr Hay, Mr. Evelyn, Colonel Bofca-wen, Sifjabn Turner,

Mr. Delme $ and all the Members who serve for th6 Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, apd Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve: itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; for the fret Importation of Cochineal and Indico 5 and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, and for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in* Great Britain; and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whalc Fishery, and loft in the Greenland-Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

ML Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act WooMon’a for vesting certain Estates of Sir isaac Lawrence Wool- £state* lafton Baronet, an Infant, situate in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Philip Torke, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Fellowes, Lord Gage, Mr. Archer, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Hume, Mr. Braffey, Lord Carysfort, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Alderman Bethel!,

Sir Robert Long, Mr. West, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Warburton, Mr. White, Mr. Hay, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hunt, Lord Dupplin,

Sir George Lyttelton, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Horatio Walpole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon,

Lincoln, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing several Law's for Punishment of Pumfliing Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament; and declaring all Acts made for erecting Courts of Conscience to be publick &c.

Acts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve iclelf into a Committee of the w hole House, upon J

the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they hive Power to receive a Clause or Clauses'for impowering a certain Number of the Trustees of the British) Mufseum, to do certain Acts, which, pur-

6 suant j


27 Geo. II.

i8‘

fottnt to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, are di-rested to be done by a greater Number.

The House was mo;ed. That Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to enable the Ix>rd Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any Two of them, to ratify and confirm the Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex-, which the said Justices, at their next General or Quarter Sessions, shall make and approve; and to enable the said Justices to make and settle from time to time a Table of such Fees.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for preventing Persons driving certain Carriages from riding upon such Carriages.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mount ague and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

Duke of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

So^erfets $ajc Gf a capital Messuage in Lincoln s-hm Fields, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and the Garden Ground and Outhouses thereunto belonging, Part of the Estate of the most Noble Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, and vefting the same in Edmund Browne, of Lincoln's-Irm, Esquire, and his Heirs for ever; and for laying out the Purchase-money in Land: and Hereditaments, ro be settled to the like Uses, and upon the like Trusts, as the said capital Messuage and Premiles are now settled and subject unto: To which the Lords desire the ConcurreAce of this House: And also, put’s Efhtr. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of George Pitt Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, and Part of his Estate in the Isle of Purbeck, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to apply the Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances affecting his fetded Estate, and for making a Recompence to him for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings, and Improvements upon the same Estate: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Tenifen1* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Estate. veiling a Lease granted by the Dean and Chapter of Can-

terbury, to Ann Tenijon, Widow, deceased, of the Manor of Riverton, with the Appurtenances, in the County of ' Kent, in Peter Saint Elcy and Samuel Smith, in Trull for

Thomas Tenijon, an Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diflolvc the Marriage of Peter Henley Esq.uire with Sujannab Roberts, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfilf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-nefifes, for the said Bill, and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witncfics, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Sir Wiliam Calvert presented tQ the House, according Vol. 2&.

Henley's

Divorce.

King*i Bench Piiiua.

tobj

to Order, i Bill for re-vesting in the Crown the Power of appointing the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench; and for the better Regulation of that Office, and of the inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King’s Bench Prison: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Qualifying to enable William Lord Cavendish of Hardwyck, to take 9fficcs in England the Oath of Office-of High Treasurer of Ire- inland. land, and to qualify himfrlf here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellis,

Mr Ha dinge, Admiral BJcawen, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Sir John Turner, Mr. Page, Mr. Bridgman, Six Thomas Clavering, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bcblyn, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr Lyjler, Mfc.

William Levefcn Gower, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Chariton, Mr.

Bacon, S;r Charles Murdaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Hiltf-borough, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lane, Mr. Campbell, Mr,

Cooke, Lord Harley, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Ord, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. South-well, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole Mr Town/* bend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Willirjon, Mr. De lav all; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby,

York, Nottingham, Middlesex, Leicejlee, and Huntingdon:

And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Biddulph’s for Sale of the settled Eftarts of Sir 'Iheoplnlus Bi.tdulpb EtUte. Baroner, in the County of Staffo, d, and City and County* of the City of Litchfidd, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances afflfting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled c6 the Uses therein mentioned y was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to Sir Charier-Mor daunt, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Harley, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Prowje, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Sit*

John Turner, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Page, Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr Hill, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Lane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hunter, Sir William Calvert,

Mr Gray, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hay, Mr. Newnham,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Cayley, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Haves,

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Adworth, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Tre~ lawny, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Finch, Mr. Myddeltort,

Lord Vemey, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Levefvn Gower, Mr. Alderman Beckjord, Mr. DelavaU, Mr;

Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Powney, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr* Peachey, Mr. Sloper, Lord Harley, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. West, Mr. Nugent, Mr Conyers, Lord Hillsborough, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir Kendrick Clayton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Salop, and Derby: And they are to \ mept this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Miydwell's to diflolvc the Marriage of John Maydwell with Catherine Divorce. Perrin, his now Wife, and to enable him to man y again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill, and also that they* do hear

Go un ft 1,5

1004

183 Martii.

A. 1754.

Counsel, and examine Witntfics, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Cqunfel, or to produce Witnesses.

Truro Roads* A Bill for amending and widening several Roads lead-

ing from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Corn* iva/l, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Bof-cawen, Mr Gray, Sir John Turner, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Burrell, Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Newnbam, Sir Richard Uoyd, Mr. Hill, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Bacon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Northey, Colonel Cornwallis, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Legge, Mr. Southwell, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hayes, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Cole-brooke. Sir Francis Drake, Mr, Leftie, Lord Verney, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ord, Mr. Loclcyer, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Med-licott, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Kent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Somerset, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afiernoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wymonde-

fold’t

Divorce.

Earl of Powis’j Estate at Htndon.

Importation of reprinted Books, Sec.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Wymondejold Esquire with Henrietta Knight, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill, and also that they do hear Coun-fel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Hendon, settled on the Marriage of the Earl and Countess of Powis, on them and their Ilfue, inTruftces, to be sold, towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of William late Marquis of Powis; and for settling the Barony and Lordship of Powis, in the County of Montgomery, in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Hayes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Northey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cahert, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hill, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Robmfon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bacon, Lord Verney, Sir John Turner, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Godolphin, Admiral Bojcawen, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hunter, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Richards, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. IVilles, Sir Edmund Jsham j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Midd/ejex, Chester, and Stafford, and for North Wales: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation

of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, and for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain \ and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Filbery, and loft in the Greenland Seas, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after* wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Persons resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, armed io upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Officcuud whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who EmP,oy* have omitted to qualify xthemselves for Offices and Pro- mcttu motions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing farther Time for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed die Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Person* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowje have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for Sale of a capital Messuage in Lincolns-Inn Fields, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of E te' Middlesex, and the Garden Ground and Oothouses thereunto belonging (Part of the Estate of the most Noble Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased), and vesting the same in Edmund Browne, of Lincoln's-Inn, Esquire, and his Heirs for ever; and for laying out the Purch.ffe-money in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, and upon the like Trulls, as the said capital Messuage and Premises are now settled and subject unto, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered,

if (GtoV-II.

Pitt*»

Estate.

Tenifon's

tftate.

Qualifying *or Offices keid in Ireland.

Ordered, Th at M r. Gray have Leave t6 makei’Motidrt: And he moved the House'aecVrdlhgly: And, > . 4. |fAn ingrossed BiH,‘ from the Lords, intituled, An Act

by thrfafdLWlir'i'W

rence of this Hous^i: And also, ,v? , T , ’ T nil

The Lords have {5il5?8 i B^L'ptfi^;: Ah; AftYor Barber’s for retting the Eftite 6fGeorge Pitt Esquire, in the County Sale bf Past of the Settled Effites^o\J Robert Barter Estate* of Suffolk, and Parc of his Eft Ate* in the Isle of Purbeck, Esquire, for discharging Debts, ansi Ineti^brartbes; and' in the County of Dorset, ih Tniftees, to icll the same j for impowering hirh td fell and ekthange Other1 Part* of and to apply the Purchase-mohey for discharging Incurri- 1 his'ftttled Estates fotJth^jiurchafirtg and acquiring other ' brances atfcfting his settled’Estate 5 and for making a ’ Lands of equal or greater Value, to be'settled fnJlfeiLJ Recompence to him for the Charges and Expences of thereof: To which the Lord$Tdetirc the Concurrence of making Buildings find Improvements upon the same this House. ‘ T

"' " And then the^ Kkflfengers. withditw'. '

Eftare; was read the First time,

'Resolved, That the Bill be read a'Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjltr have Leave to make a Motion: ’ *.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Ldrds, intituled, An Act for vesting a Lease granted, by the Dean ana Chapter of Ondterbury, to Ann Tenifon, Widow, deceased, of the Manor of Elverton, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Kent, in Peter Saint Eloy and Samuel Smith, in Trust, for Thomas Tenifon, an Infant, and his Heirs 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First’ time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

r:Hayes reported frbfih tfieCipWiififttee, to whbA th^uaWnr ingfofled Bill, frorfi the Lords, intituled, An Act tb.ep- {or1?-ffice* able Charles Fit z~ Roy Scudamore Esquire to take iri Ireland. Britain the Oath of Office, as Curfitor or Clerk, of Ingrosser, of original W rits i filling but of his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery in the Kingdom’of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was committed; That the Committee had examined . the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the;

Bill to the House, without any Amendment.Apd Jie delivered the Bill in at the ClerkVTable. ' '

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 190 die Martii;

Anno 270 Prayers.

Georgii

I^1 Regis, 1754,

Encouragement of the Coinage.

Bedford

Level

Corporation

Debts.

Hudlestone’s

LfLtc.

V'

MR. EUis reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Lord Cavendish, of Hardwyck, to take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bili in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Mount ague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money; and for removing Doubts concerning the Continuance of the Duty of Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Brandy-wines and strong Waters imported; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due co the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation j and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exempting and exonerating the Estates devised by the Will of William Hudleston Esquire; deceased, to be sold, from the Jointure on Gertrude Rigby, Wife of Townley Rigby Esquire; and for charging an Annuity or Rent-charge of equal Value on the Estates entailed by the said Will; and more effectually to enable" the Triiftfces of the Taid William Hudleston to execute the Trusts reposed in them Vol. 26.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act Hudlefton’s till Tomorrow for exempting and exonerating the Estates deviled by the Estate.

Will of William Hudleston Esquire,' deceased, to be sold, from the Jointure on GertnUe Rigby> ‘Wife of Townley Rigby Esquire; and for charging an Annuity or Rent-charge of equal Value on the Estates entailed by the said

Will; and more effectually to enable the Trustees of the said William Hudleston, to execute the Trusts reposed them by the said Will 5 was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

in

Mr. Gray, according to Order, reported, fro07 the offices and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Employ-indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves ments. for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited' by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the RepoFt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Persons to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon armed in the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dii£ulfc-explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the fame, to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for re-vesting in the Crown the Power of ap- Ki . pointing the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of prison King’s Bench; and for the better Regulation of that Office, and of the inferior Offices thereto belonging; and 11 Z for

King1* Bench ion.

ipo$

for rebuilding the , King’s Bench Prison was read a Second time, ~ ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Sill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rfolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

'The other Order of the Day being read;

Poniftiing The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Persons whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws Turnpike!, for Pynishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament; and declaring all Acts made for erecting Courts of Confidence to be publi,ck Acts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

I 75+'

to enable William Lord Cfvendish, of Hardwyck, to take Qualifying in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ire- for Ofcce* landi and to qualify himself here in England hr the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the Third time. fC*n

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Fitz-Roy Scudamore Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Curfuor or Clerk, or Ingrosser, of original Writs issuing out of his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barber1* fey Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Robert Barber Eihte. Esquire, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances i and for impowering him to fell and exchange other Parts of his settled Ed ate, for the purchasing and acquiring other Land?, of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

I9°t^-20° Mar Hi.

Distemper

among

Cattle.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Bulkeley’s

Estate.

Pryce’s

Estate.

Mercuriiy 20° die Martii;

Anno 27* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1754.

PR AYE RS.

f}RDER£D, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And that Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Which cot, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Mount ague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four; and for the further Dispoficion of the said Sinking Fund, by paying the reout the Remainder of the Sum advanced on the Credit of the Duty on Sweets, and the Interest thereof, and for carrying the said Duty to the said Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament 5 without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber (landing and growing upon the Ellate of Inheritance o(*Tho~ mas James Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashels, in the Kingdom of Ireland, air Infant, in order to raise Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of John Powell Pryce Esquire, in the County of Montgomery, comprised in his Marriage Articles, in Trustees, to raise Money, by Sale of Part thereof, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for settling other Part thereof pursuant to the said Articles: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this I louse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bulkeley* for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber (landing and growing upon the Estate of Inheritance of Thomas James Lord Bulkeley 'Viscount Cashels, in the Kingdom of Ireland, an Infant, in order to raise Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have omit- Oflkeimd ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions Employ-within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing fur- m<m therTime for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for thar Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Perfom to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty%s Subjects, and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws for prohi- importation biting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and of reprinted first composed or written and printed m Great Britain; Books' for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indj©6; and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore; and for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain; and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon, a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fiffiery, and loft in the Green* land Seas; was read the Third time.

An

ij Geo. IL 20® — 2i° 1007

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the liss Clause therein, for giving further Time to file Affidavits of the Execution of Contradls of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, the said Clause having, by Mistake, been added to the said Bill by the Committee of the whole House, to whom the same was committed; instead of a Clause for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contradls of Clerks and Apprentices, which, by an Instruction given to the said Committee upon Wednesday the 13th Day of this instant March, they were impowered to receive: j\nd the Question being put. That the said Clause, for giving further Time to file Affidavits of the Execution of Contradls of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, (land Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the said Clause was taken out of the Bill, Part of the said Clause being erased, and the Remainder cut off at the Table.

Refohedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Culloms, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore; and for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britainand to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fiffiery, and loft in the Greenland Seas; and for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon British-made Sail-cloth to Robert Donald, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defue their Concurrence,

Pmifliing' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

per tons resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

dhoying consider further of the Bill for continuing several Laws Twnpikes, for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works credled by Authority of Parliament; and declaring all Arts made for creating Courts of Confcienre to be publick Acts,

The House was moved, That the Instruction, which, upon Wednesday the 1 }th Day of this instant March, was given to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore; and for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain; and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas, was committed; mighc be read:

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth i

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-<c mittce, that they have Power to receive a Clause for " g*ving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted of to be paid for the Indentures or Contradls of Clerks * and Apprentices."

And Notice being taken of the Mistake which had happened in relation to the Clause, which, in pursuance of the said Instruction,. had been added to the said last mentioned Bill;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, co whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for continuing several Laws for Pu-rr.shment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works crcdled by Authority of Parliament; and declaring all Acts made for erecting Courts of Conscience to be publick Acts; that they have Power to receive a Claulc or Clauses for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or VoL. 26.

Contradls of Clerks and Apprentices; and for giving further Time to file Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Then the House relolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pryce’i for veiling the Estates of John Powell Pryce Esquire, in the County of Montgomery, comprised in his Marriage Articles, in Trustees, to raise Money, by Sale of Parc thereof, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for settling other Part thereof pursuant to the said Articles, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 1° die Martii j

Anno 27° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself into King’sBencfc a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill PriSn-for re-vesting in the Crown the Power of appointing the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench; and for the better Regulation of that Office, and of the inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King’s Bench Prison.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Tonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Tonge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mountague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leicester to> for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from a thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyris Gutter, leading towards Sioneleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ratcliffe for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon-freet, oa in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West End of Brook-street into Cable-street, and from Upper Shadwell*

street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Barker> establishing and renderingeffectual several Settlements and Settlements. Agreements made and entered into by Hugh Barker the

younger

Punishing Persons destroying Turnpikes, & c.

D idem per

among

Cattle.

Barker’s

Settlements.

Earl

CUnton's

Ellate.

Tenifon’s

ElUte.

younger, Esquire, deceased, for making a Provision for Ms Mother and Wife, and their Children respectively: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefiengets withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read; !\

Mr. Baton reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament; and declaring all Acts made for erecting Courts of Conscience to be publick Acts, was commicced; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-raliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr, Sandys have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Bourchier Wrey have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual several Settlements and Agreements made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, Esquire, deceased, for making a Provision for his Mother and Wife, and their Children respectively, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

SjRDERED, That Mr. Erskine, Colonel Elliott, Mr. M‘Leod, Mr. Henry Finch, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Middleton> Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Richards, Mr. Wodehouse, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. John Torke, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, contracted to be sold by Hugh late Earl Clinton in his Life-time, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several Purchasers thereof, pursuant to their Contracts, is committed.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Lease granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to Ann Tenifony Widow, deceased, of the Manor of Elverton, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Kent, in Peter Saint Eloy and Samuel Smith, in Trurt, for Thomas Tenifon, an Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gwynne. Sir William Tonge, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Town field} Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Charl-

tonSfr Charles Mordtiunt, Colonel' Mr. ^eke,

Mr. Wilkmfon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Tyjle)u Mr. ILcckya:,

Lord Downe, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Calvert, ‘MV. Warburton, Mr. Lambe, S rr 'Charles Kemys Tynte, Mt. , Hay\

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fazakerleyi General Oglethorpe, Mr. Qfwaid, Mr. Vyner, Wr. bury, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. John Yo;ke? Mr,

Finch; Mr. Elliott, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. IVodehjoufe, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gere, Mr. Barber,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Dr ax.

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Edward Finch, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. 'Hawkins Browne, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hob/yn, Mr. GybVon, Mr. Nor they; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent an^ £/^.v, and for the Cinque Ports: And they areto mfcetjhis Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’sChamber.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke or for Sale of a capital Mefiunge in Lincoln s Inn Fields, in Somerset't the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of ^atc-Middlesex, and the Garden Ground and Outhouses thereunto belonging, Part of the Estate of the mort Noble Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, and vesting the same in Edmund Browne, of Lincolns Inn, Esquire, and his Heirs forever; and for laying out the Purchase-money in Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, and upon the like Trusts, as the said Capital Messuages and Premises are now settled and fubjcct unto; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prolife,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Salu/bury, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Whliam Calvert,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gray, Mr. War hurt on, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Nor they, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, Lockyer, Mr. Torke, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colebrooke,

Mr. Fellowes, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Montagu, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Richards, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilson, Lord George Bentinck, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Great heed,

Mr. Barbor, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Howard, Mr. 'Tracey,

Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Affleck, Lord Downe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Rushout, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Finch, Mr. Drax, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Erskine,

Mr. Cooke, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Moreton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cocks, General Saint Claw, Mr.

Locke, Mr. Hunt, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. John Torke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Sttssex, Leicester, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Ilarrifon, Agent for John Mayd- MaydweiPi well, of the City of London, Gentleman, was presented Oivorcc-to the House, and read; taking Notice, That by an Order of the House, made on Mondas the 18th Day of I

March instant, upon the Second Reading of the ingossed j

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Maydivell with Catherine Perrin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for;

other Purposes therein mentioned, the same was commit- J

ted to a Committee of the whole House; and reciting a Resolution of this House, that the House would, upon that Day Sevennight, resolve icfelf into a Committee upon the said Bill; and also reciting an Instruction then given; to the said Committee, That they should examine Wit-nefie?, and hear Counsel, for the said Bill, and also examine Witnesses, and hear Counfd, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned should think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses: And fetcing forth, j That the Petitioner has made diligent Inquiry after the said Catherine Perrin, at her Dwelling-house, and other Places, and hath not been able to find her, (he being al- J

ways denied to be at home so that the Petitioner hath not j

been able to give her personal Notice of the said Order to be heard by her Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if she should think fit so to do: And there-5 fore

?iu’» Estate.

Noguier*! Mat. Sec.

Spckevs

Leafing.

27 Geo. II. 22® Martii. 1009

fore praying the House to give Leave, that Service of the Ann Speke, an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Order of this House, and delivering a Copy of the said Grants of her Estates in the County during

Bill now depending, signed by the Clerk of this House, her Minority j and for other Purposes therein mentioned; at the Dwelling-house or lafj Place of Abode, of the said with an Amendment to One of the said Amendments-:

Catherine Perrin, with some Person of the Family there. To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence and leaving another Copy of the said Bill and Order with of this House.

her Proctor, may be as effectual Notice to the said Ca- And then the Mclfengers withdrew. a

therine Perrin of the Order of this House, and of the

Time of Commitment of the said Bill, as if llie was per- A Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to- DUemper fonally served with the fame. the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in among

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House, this Kingdom, was read a Second time. Cattle,

of the 27th Day of February 1750, in relation to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandy sc Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of Gascoygne Sir Richard Uoyd, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Har-Finch, Agent for Godfrey Copley, of Sprotbrough, in the dinge, Mr, Bridgman, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mr.

Coimty of Fork, Esquire, might be read; Lyster, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Mr. Charlton, And the same was read accordingly. Mr. FaMr. Erskine, Mr. Gore, Sir Charier

And the House being informed, That the said John Mordaunt, Mr. Follower, Mr. Butler, Mr. Mr.

Harrison was attending at the Door; Archer, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Richardst

He was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Mr. Fane, Mr. Hunter, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Gray,

Account of the Allegations contained in his said Peti- Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. tion. Locke, Mr. Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Barbor,

And then he withdrew. Earl of Upper OJfory, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Affleck, Lord

Ordered, That Service of the said former Orders of Downe, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hawkins Browne, this House, and of this Order, at the Dwelling-house or Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bayntun, M Mr Hunt,

lad Place of Abode, of the said Catherine Perrin, with Mr. Lascelles, Sir Robert Long, Sir William Yonge, Cap-fornr Pe:fm of the Family there, and fc. ving her Proctor tain Saunders, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Finch, Mr. in the Erclcfustical Court with the said Orders, and Lyttelton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties leaving with them respectively an attested Copy of the of Middlesex, Essex, Warwick, and Wilts, and for North said ingrolled Bill, be deemed good Service of the same Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of upon the said Cal brine. the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ah ingroRcd Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Distref* by for veiling the Estate of George Pitt Esqtiire, in the the Bill for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon Justices of County of Suffolk, and Part of his Estate in the Ille of Diltrefles to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Feace" Purbeck,in the County of Dorjct, in Trustees, to fell the Peace, was committed; That the Committee had gone lame; and to apply the Purchase-money for discharging through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; ,

Incumbrances affeftinghis settled Ellate, and for making which they had directed him to report to the House; and a Recompence to him for the Charges and Expences of he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered makingBuildingsand Improvements upon the same Ellate; the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: was read a Second time. Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Gray, and then a Second rime, one by one; and, upon the Ques- Mr. War bur ton, Mr Prowse, Mr. Ridley, Sir Robert tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Long, Mr. Daifton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Martin, Lord Dup- And an Amendment was made by the House to the

p/in, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Bill.

Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-John Pitt, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Colleton, grossed.

Mr. Yorke, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Oftwald, Mr. Owen,

Lord Trentham, Mr. M'Kenzie, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Myd- Sir William Yonge,according to Order, reported, from ge . delton, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Salusbury, Colonel the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for 'prisont*0 Waldegrave, Mr. Chur chi’!. Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Amy- re-vesting in the Crown the Power of appointing the and, Mr. Vernon, Mr. S.'opcr, Mr. Bridgman, Captain Marshal of the Marlhallea of the Court of King’s Bench;

Saunders, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir John and for the better Regulation of that Office, and of the Elwell, Captain Frankland, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hardinge, inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr . Lambe, King’s Bench Prison, was committed; the Amendments Lord George Sackville, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Affleck, Mr. which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they Bayntun, Mr. Richards, Mr. West, Nit. Nor they, Mr. had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Walpole, Mr. Finch, Mr. Lane, Nit. Leveson Gower, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, Mr. with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Watson, Mr. Wilkin- the Amendments were once read throughout; and then Jon, Mr. Whichcoie, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Burrell, Mr. a Second rime, one by one; and, except One of them,

Lascelles, Mr. Peachey, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Bar-which was disagreed to, were, upon the Question severally row, M r. Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, the Counties of Suffolk, Dorset, Berks, Southampton, Wilts, agreed to by the House.

and Gloucester.-And they are to meet this Afternoon at And several Amendments were made by the House

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mountague and grossed.

Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Speke’s

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Amendment, made by the Lords, tb One of the Amend- Le*6ng-for naturalizing Mary Noguier, Widow; and for quali- ments, made by rhis House, to the ingrossed Bill, from fying and enabling her, out of the Estate devised by the the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Ann Speke,

Will of John Noguier her Husband, to make a Provision an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of her for Anthony Noguier her only Son and Heir; without any Estates in the County of Somerset, during her Minority; Amendment: And also, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by And the said Amendment was read; and is as foilow-this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering eth; viz.

Vol. a6. n A At

lolo 22*-----25'

At the End of the last Amendment, after the Word Leases," add these Words, " and so as, upon every Copyhold Grant, the usual Rents, Services, and He-u riots respectively, be also reserved."

The said Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, after the Word ,c reserved," these Words " and so as by granting such Copies respec-v tively:"

And the Question being put, That the Words " and " so as by granting such Copies respectively" be added to the said Amendment, after the Word t( reserved; "

It was resolved in the Affirmative,

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, made by their Lordships, so amended.

Ordered, That Sir William Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships, to One of the said Amendments, with an Amendment to the Amendment made by their Lordships: To which Amendment, made by this House, to the Amendment, made by their Lordships, this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 50 die Mdrtii\

Anno 27* Georgii IP1 Regils, 1754. Prayers.

Bulkeley’s A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. ZX for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber standing and growing upon the Estate of Inheritance of Thomas James Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cafbels, in the Kingdom of Ireland, an Infant, in order to raise Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and fur other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Irby, Mr. Affleck, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Turner, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Townshend, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Codes, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Page, Mr. Finch, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilson, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Richards, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sergifon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Dal-fton. Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Burr elf Mr. Campbell, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Ockenden, Sir Roger flew digate, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Joliffe, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Powney, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Weji, Mr. Compton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester and Lon-cafler, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of che Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hudlefton’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intkuled, An Act Estate. for exempting and exonerating the Ella tesdevi fed by the Will of William Hudlefton Esquire, deceased, to be sold, from the Jointure on Gertrude Rigby, Wife oiTownley Rigby Esquire; and for charging an Annuity or Rent-charge of equal Value on the Estates entailed by the said Will; and more effectually to enable the Trustees of the said William Hudlefton to execute the Trusts reposed in them by the said Will $ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley, Mr. Archer, Mr. Torke, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Tracey,

Martiu A. 17 54.

Mr. Hayes, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Lord Strange, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Taylor, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr.

Lascelles, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster, Mr. West, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.' Metcalfe,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr.

Hay, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Vemey, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Joliffe, Mr.

Bateman, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Sloper,

Mr. Pitt, Colonel A*court, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Peachy, Mr, Aldworth; and all the Members^ who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, York, Northumberland, Durham, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Campbell of Calder reported from the Committee, Earl ciia-to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, ton’afciute. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, con traded to be sold by Hugh late Earl Clinton in his Life-time, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several Purchasers thereof, pursuant to their Contrafts, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom Earlof the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Hendon, settled, on the Mar- Heudo*! riage of the Earl and Countess of Powis, on them and their Issue, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of William late Marquis of Powis , and for settling the Barony and Lordship of Powis, in the County of Montgomery, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Distemper the Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to among the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in Ca^c* this Kingdom, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.


An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act pryCC’, j for veiling the Estates of John Powell Pryce, Esquire, in Eflaic. j the County of Montgomery, comprised in his Marriage Articles, in Trustees, to raise Money by Sale of Parc thereof for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, J

and for settling other Part thereof pursuant to the said Articles, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, I

Sir William Irby, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Lyster, Sir John Turner, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Townshend, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord Londonderry, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Vyntr,

X Mr.

IOII

27 Geo. II. 2 50 Martii.

Mr. Comewa/l, Mr. Foncreau, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Page* Mr. Finch, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Mr. WHfon, Sir Piter Thompfm, Mr. Northey, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Richards, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. AUgood\ Mr. Tracey, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hay, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sergifon, Sir William Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Dalfton, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Campbell, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Charlton, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Lcckyer, Mr. Joliffe, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Powney, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Evelyn, Mr; Colleton, Lord George Bentinck, Colonel Bo/cawen, Mr. Barber, Mr. Thornton, Captain Saunders, Lord Strange, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Thomas Pitt; and all the Members who serve for the County of Gbester, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

King’s Bench Aningrofled Bill for re-vesting in the Crown the Power Fnton. of appointing the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench; and for the better Regulation of that Office, and of the inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the Kings Bench Prison; was read die Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for re-vesting in the Crown the Power of appointing the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench; and for the better Regulation of that Office, and of the inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King's Bench Prison.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Punishing An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Laws for Pu-Personsdc. nishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or stroying other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament; and Tunpikes, declaring all Acts made for erefiing Courts of Conscience to be publick A Sts; was read the Third rime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual several Laws for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works, crcdted by Authority of Parliament; and that all Acts made for crefting Courts of Conscience shall be deemed publick Acts; and to empower a certain Number of the Trustees of the British Museum to do certain Acts 1 and for confirming the Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contradts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contradts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors 5 and for preventing Persons driving certain Carriages from riding upon such Carriages.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Barber’a An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Robert Barber Esquire, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and for empowering him to fell and exchange other Parts of his settled Eftares for the purchasing and acquiring other lands of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read a Second rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Lord Trentbam, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Gil-dart, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Gore, Lord Verney, Colonel Haldane, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Gray, Mr. Martin, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Prowse, Mx.Myddelion, Mr. Hunter, Captain Saunders, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Greatheed, Sir Boucbier Wrey, Mr. Bateman, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Gray, Mr. Edwin, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Towu-Voi. 26.

fheni, Mr. Bantes, Sir William Irby, Lord Robert Bertie,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Archer, Mr. Barrow,

Mr. Barbor, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Dalfton, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wilkinson,

Sir John Elwell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Finch, Mr. Potter, Mr.

Walpole, Lord Verney, Sir William Tonge, Mr. Hunt,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fairfax, Colonel A9court, Mr. Fane, Mr. West; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barker’s Set-forestablifhingand rendering effectual several Settlements tlancm* and Agreements, made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, Esquire, deceased, for making a Provision for his Mother and Wife, and their Children respectively, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tracey,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Torke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Irby, Mr. Potter,

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Wilkinson, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lambe, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Lafcelies, Mr.

Bankes, Mr. William Leveson Gower, Sir Bourchier Wrey,

General Oglethorpe, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bateman, Sir William Beauchamp Prefior, Mr. Ridley, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sloper\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Sussex: And they arc to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and effectual pro- Distress by. ceeding upon Distresses to be madeby Warrants of Justices Justices of of the Peace, was read the Third time. Peace.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon Distresses to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Henley's Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, Divorce, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Henley Esquire, with Susannah Roberts his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Maydweil’s House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Divorce. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John May dwell with Catherine Perrin his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And

Kiri Clinton*! Estate.

Importation of re printed Books, See.

Offices and Employments.

Deptford Poor Rates, & c.

Speke’s

Leafing.

Distemper

among

Cattle.

Earl of Powis's Estate at Hendon.

ioia 2 5° — 26* — 'if Mar tit. 1754.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 26° die Mar tit'.

Anno 27° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754.

Pr AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, contracted to be sold by Hugh late Earl Clinton in his Life-time, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several Purchasers thereof, pursuant to their Contrails, was read the Third time. Re/olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered^That Mr. Campbell of Caldery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Al Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane, and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws (for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain; for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and relating to Rice, Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, and for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-Cloth in Great Britain); and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown> and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas; and for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon British-mz&t. Sail-cloth to Robert Donald\ and others; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify the Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey and for repairing the Highways, and paving and cleansing the Streets in the said Parishes 5 without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House, to the Amendment made by their Lordships to One of the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Ann Spekey an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of her Estates in the County of Somerset, during her Minority, according to the Usage and Custom of the Country, pursuant to the Will of George Speke Esquire, her late Father, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered^ ThatMr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, ' and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Hendon> settled on the Marriage of the Earl and Countess of Powis on them and their issue, in Trustees, to be sold towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of William late Marquis ot Powis; and for

settling the Barony and Lordship of Powis, in the County of Montgomery, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Henley’s to difiolve the Marriage of Peter Henley Esquire, with Divorce. Susannah Roberts his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Maydwell'i to dissolve the Marriage of John Maydwell Esquire, with oivorcc* Catherine Perrin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned 5 was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordercdy That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Wymonde-House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, fold’s Di-An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles fVymondefold vorcc* Esquire, with Henrietta Knight his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 27 0 die

Anno if Georgii ljd* Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

REAR Admiral Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of TrurOy in the County of Cornwall, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read t he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ were agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed, That another Amendment was proper to be made to Part of one of the Clauses in the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to that Part of the said Clause.

And the Bill was re-committed to Admiral Bof-cawen, Mr. Hoblyny Sir John Turnery Mr. Gray, Mr.

FelloweSy

a7 Geo.

— 29* Martih

ioii

Wy mondefold’s Divorce.

Fellowes, Mr. Cdlleton, Sir Cotton, Mr. Farrington,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ridley, Mv.Lambe, Mr. Cocks, Mr. #$/?, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Warburtcn, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Aldzvcrth, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Fairfax; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rear Admiral Bojcawen reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made an Amendment to that Part of the Clause, with respect to which the said Bill had been re-committed; which Amendment they had directed hirtf to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments which had been made thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles IVymondefold Esquire, with Henrietta Knight his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again } and for other Purposes therein mentioned j was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Truro

Roads.

‘I*

1

v

1

it

J3|

0d-

lniis

lift'

Jovis, 28° dMartii\

Anno 27' Praters.

Georgii

II"1 Regis, 1754.

'WooTJadon’s

Estate.

MR. Torke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Isaac Lawrence fVoollafton Baronet, an Infant, situate in the Isle of tty, and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, 10 raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hirn to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingossed Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Rear Admiral Bojcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House. adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Purbeck, in the County of Dotfet, in Trusteds, to feH the fame, and to apply the Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances affecting his settled Estate; and for making a Recompence.to him for the Charges and E.x-pences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate; was committed;- That the Committee Lad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Line to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Fable: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 19. L. 33, 34. Leave out " unto the said George " Pitt the younger."

L. 37. After <c aforesaid," insert " and to and <c for no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hunter reported from the Committee, to whom the Tendon’s ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Lc*ate. veiling a Lease, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Cam-terbury to Am Tenifon Widow, deceased, of the Manor of Elver ton, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Kent Jin Peter Saint Eloy and Samuel Smith, in Trull for Thomas Tenifon an Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. L. 32. Leave cc Twenty-fourth," and insert cc Fourteenth/’

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom the Duke of ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale Somerset’i of a capital Messuage in Lincolns Inn Fields, in the Parish Eftalc* of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex> and the Garden Ground and Out-houses thereunto belonging (Part of the Estate of the most Noble Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased) and veiling the same in Edmund Browne, of Lincoln's Inn, Esquire, and his Heirs for ever; and for laying out the Purchase-money in Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, and upon the like Trusts, as the said capital Messuage and Premises are now settled and subject unto; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Pitt’s

Estate.

VeriertS) 290 die Martii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754. Prayers.

MR. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of George Pitt Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, and Part of his Estate in the Isle of Vol. 26.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Biddulph’* whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An State. Act for Sale of the settled Estates of Sir Theophilus Bid-dulph Baronet, in the County of Stafford, and City and County of the City of Litchfield, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same; and fq§Jaying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties 12 B con-

1014 29 Martii — 1754-

Vool!afton*s

Eftacc.

Tcnifon*

Lease.

Duke of

Somerset’i

Estate.

concerned had givfcn their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfadlion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read, and arc as followeth; viz*

Pr. 31. L. 16. Leave out " 'Thomas," and insert «c Samuel"

Pr. 32. L. 13. Leave out " Thomas and insert u Samuel."

Pr. 33. L. 17. Leave out " Thomas" and insert " Samuel."

Pr. 34. L. 12. Leave out u Thomas" and insert Samuel"

Pr. 38. L. 9. Leave out w Thomas" and insert Samuel"

L. 29. Leave out " Thomas and insert

" Samuel"

Pr. 39. L. 15. Leave out <c Thomas" and insert w Samuel."

Pr. 40. L. 8. Leave out <€ Thomas" and insert " Samuel."

L. 36. Leave out " Thomas" and insert

u Samuel"

Pr. 41. L. 7. Leave out " Thomas " and insert " Samuel.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 1° die Aprilis;

Anno 27° Georgii II41 Regis, 1754. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, of Sir Isaac Lawrence Woollafton Baronet, an Infant, situate in the lfte of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged to raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without ariy Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Lease, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to Ann Tenijon Widow, deceased, of the Manor of Elverton, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Kent, in Peter Saint Eloy and Samuel Smithy in Trull, for Thomas Tenijon an Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, ThatMr. Hunter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of a capital Messuage in Lincolns Inn Fields, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and the Garden Ground and Out-houses thereunto belonging (Part of the Estate of the moil Noble Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased) and veiling the same in Edmund Browne, of Lincolns Inn, Esquire, and his Heirs for ever; and for laying out the Purchase-

money in Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, and upon the like Trulls, as the said capital Messuage and Premises are now settled and subject unt<*; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Punishing for making perpetual several Laws; for Punishment of Persons de" Persons dellroying Turnpikes, Locks, ot other Works, 5}^"^ erected by Authority of Parliament; and that all Acts &c. made for erecting Courts of Conscience shall be deemed publick Acts; and to impower a certain Number of the Trustees of the British Mufseum to do certain Acts; and for confirming the Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks to the Justices of the Peace for the County of MidJlefex; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contradls of Clerks and Apprentices; and for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contradls of Clerks to Atcoroies and Solicitors; and for preventing Persons driving certain Carriages from riding upon such Carriages; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Distemper to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now among raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act King’s Bach for re-vesting in the Crown the Power of appointing the l>r^0D* Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench; and for the betcer Regulation of that Office, and of the inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King's Bench Prison; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<3: Distress by for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon Distreffcs Justices to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Pea£$, with an cacc* Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then tire Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pitt’s Estate. for veiling the Estate of George Pitt Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, and Part of his Estate in the lfte of Purbeck, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to sell the same; ftnd to apply the Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances affecting his settled Estate; and for making a Recompence to him for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Biddulph’s for Sale of the settled Estates of Sir Theophilus Bid- Eftaic-dulph Baronet, in the County of Stafford, and City and County of the City of Litchfield, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which 10 Amendments

27 Geo. II.

i0 Aprilis.

1015

Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the their Lordships. Bill in at the Clerks Table,

Lord Bulke- Sir William Irby reported from the Committee, to

kfi Eflite. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber Handing and growing upon the Estate of Inheritance of 7homes James, Lord Bulke/ey Vi (count Cashels, in the Kingdom of Ireland, an Infant, in order to raise Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Hudlt(Ion’s Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the

EfUtt. ingrossed Bill, from the l.ords, intituled, An Act for exempting and exonerating the Estates, devised by the Will of William lludleston Esquire, deceased, to be sold, from the Jointure on Geitrude Rigby, Wife of Townley Rigby Esquire; and for charging an Annuity or Rent Charge of equal Value on the E(laces entailed by the said Will; and more effectually to enable the Trustees of the said William Hudlefton to execute the Trusts reposed in them by the said Will; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parries concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bid to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s faole.

Barber’s

Eiutc.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lord., intituled, An Act for Sale of Parc of the settled Estates of Robert Barber Esquire, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and for impowering him to fell and exchange other Parcs of his settled Estates, for the purchasing and acquiring other lands of equal or greater Value to be settled in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

'Pryce’s Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the

Efhte. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

veiling the Estates of John Powell Pryce Esquire, in the County of Montgcmery, comprised in his Marriage Articles, in Trustees, to raile Money by Sale of Part thereof for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for settling other Part thereof pursuanc to the said Articles; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Barker’s Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom Settlements, the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual several Settlements and Agreements, made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, Esquire, deceased, for making a Provision for his Mother and Wife, and their Children respectively, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Vol. 26.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for rectifying a Mistake in a Conveyance in Fee Farm, Powfe’s made by Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, of the Manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and divers Towns, Lands, and Here- rean diraments, in the County of Kerry, and making the same Conveyance effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Duppliny Mr. Affleck, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Hay, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hardinge> Mr. Townshend, Sir John Turner, Mr. Oswaldy Lord Carys-forty Mr. Cocks, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Barbory Lord George Sackville, Mr. Leveson Gowery Mr. Watforiy Mr. Thomhagh, Colonel Cornwallis,

Mr. West, Mr. Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr Warburtony Sir William Calvert, Mr. Aid worth,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Greatbeed, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Sloper, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Bateman, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gybbon. Lord Strange, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hume, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Richards, Sir William Irby, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Mr Myddel-ten. Sir Kendrick Clayton, Colonel A'court, Mr. Beaghdn,

Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Torke,

Lord George Bentinck, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Willey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Martin, Mr. Compton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Salop, and Northampton, and for North Wales: And they are to meec this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Daly’afiftatfc, for veiling Part of the Estate of Charles Daly Esquire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sackville, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sydenham,1 Sir John Turner,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Calvert,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Calvert, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Palmer, Lord Strange,

Lord Carysfort, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Butler, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr.

Tracey, Mr. Hay, Mt.NcJbitt, Mr. Hayes, Nlt. Warburton,

Sir William Tonge, Lord Burghley, Mr. Alderman Bethel],

Mr. Stone, Sir William Beauchamp Pro ft or, Mr. Mitchell,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Willey, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Bristow, Mr.

Thornbagb, S\x Francis Drake, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Richards,

Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Verney, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Burrell, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Fonereau,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hale, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Earle, Mr,

Belchier, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Torke, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Abercrombie,

Mr. Myddelton, Colonel John Bofcawen, Mr. Pawney,

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

John Torke, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Affleck, Lord Hilljlorough, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Cooke, Lord Downe, Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Beagban, Lord George Bentinck; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster,

Warwick, Derby, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesddy Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotf Morning, Nine of the Clock.

10l6

20 — 30 A

A.

*754-

Barber* EH ate.

Hadleflon’a

Estate.

Bulkeley’s

Estate.

Barker's

Settlements.

Prycc’s

Estate.

Martis, 2° die;

Anno 27° Georgii Udl Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Rill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Parc of the settled Estates of Robert Barber Esquire, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and for impowering him to fell and exchange other Parts of his settled Estates, for the purchasing and acquiring other Lands of equal or greater Value to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exempting and exonerating the Estates, devised by the Will of William Hudle/lon Esquire, deceased, to be sold, from the Jointure on Gertrude Rigby, Wife of Townley Rigby Esquire j and for charging an Annuity or Rent Charge of equal Value on the Estates entailed by the said Will; and more effectually to enable the Trustees of the said William Hudlefton to execute the T rusts repo fed in them by the said Will; was read the Third time.

Re/clved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber standing and growing upon the Estate of Inheritance of Thomas James Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashels, in the Kingdom of Ireland, an Infant, in order to raise Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved., That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Irby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual several Settlements and Agreements, made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, Esquire, deceased, for making a Provision for his Mother and Wife, and their Children respectively; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of John Rowell Pryce Esquire, in the County of Montgomery, comprised in his Marriage Articles, in Trustees, to raise Money by Sale of Part thereof for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for settling other Part thereof pursuanc to the said Articles; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

" to extend, to alter or repeal any of the Provisions 0* " Directions relating to Distreffcs to be made for the €t Payment of Tythes and Church Rates by the People " called Quakers, contained in an Act passed in the 7th €{ and 8d» Years of his late Majesty King William the 3d, cc intituled, An Act that the solem.i Affirmation and <c Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be ac-<c cepted instead of an Oath in the ufuai Form; or in One " other Act, passed in the lft Year of his late Majesty " King George the First, intituled, An Act for making u perpetual an Act of the 7th and 8th Years of the Ueign " of his late Majesty King William the 3d, intituled, An <c Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of " the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of tf an Oath in the ufuai Form; and for explaining anden-v <c forcing the said Act, in relation to the Payment of " Tythes and Church Rates; and for appointing the <c Form of an Affirmation to be taken by the said People cc called Quakers instead* of the Oath of Abjuration.*'

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 27® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754.

P R AYERS.

MR. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom Da!y»s the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Charles Daly Esquire, in the Kingdom of Ireland. in Trustees to be sold for the Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame, pri >r to his Marriage Settlement, was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland before any private B.11 relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjoam-House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next. nunc.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dalv’* for vesting Part of the Estate of Charles Daly Esquire, in EiU:c. the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Distress by Justices of Peace.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment nnade by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon Distresses to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add, <c Provided always, That n nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett, and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of George Pitt Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, and Part of his Estate, in the I fie of Purbeck, in the County of

Goo«

V

irer

i#

3<rft ’OJfl?

z7 GEO.II. 30 — 50 — 6*

of Dorset, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to apply the Purchase Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting his settled Estate, and for making a Recompence to him for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate: And also,

Tenifon’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by Lease. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Lease, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to Ann Tenifon Widow, decealed, of the Manor of Elver ton, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Kent, in Peter Saint Eloy and Samuel Smith, in Trust for Thomas Tenifon, an Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

fcarl of The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee to whom

Powis’sEflate the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for in Ireland, rectifying a Mistake in aConveyance in Fee Farm madeby Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, of the Manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and divers Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kerry, and making the same Conveyance effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs.

Ordered, That Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Biddulph’t The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Estate. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estates of Sir Theophilus Biddulph Baronet, in the County of Stafford, and City and County of the City of Litchfield, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances afr’efting the same; and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clocks

Veneris, 50 die Aprilis;

Anno 27° Georgii IIdl Regis,. 1754. Prayers.

t HE House met.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 26.

I017

Sabbati, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno if Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from his Majesty, by the Honourable Assent Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman-Usher of the Blacfc to Bills. Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Affenc to the several public and private Bills following:

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchet quer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four; and for the further Dispoficion of the said Sinking Fund, by paying thereouc the Remainder of the Sum advanced on the Credit of the Duty on Sweets, and the Interest thereof; and for carrying the said Duty to the said Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money; and for removing Doubts concerning the Continuance of the Duty of Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Brandy, Wines, and Strong Waters, imported.

An Act to continue several Laws (for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain , for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and relating to Rice,

Frauds in the Customs, the clandestine Running of Goods, ’ and to Copper Ore, and for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain); and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Alexander Brown, and others, upon a Ship fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas; and for the more effectual Payment of the Bounties upon British-made Sail-cloth to Robert Donald, and others.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons, going armed and disguised, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

An Act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon Distresses to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace.

An Act for making perpetual several Laws for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament; and that all Acts made for erecting Courts of Cortscience shall be deemed publick Acts; and to impower a certain Number of the Trustees of the British Mufeurn to do certain Acts; and for confirming the Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Concrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for preventing Persons driving certain Carriages from riding upon such Carriages, f An Act for re-vesting in the Crown the Power of appointing the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench; and for the better Regulation of chat Office, arid of the inferior Offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King’s Bench Prison.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotion* within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Tinrife for that Purpose.

12 C An

ioi8

6° Apr ills.

A. 1754.

Royal Assent to Bills.

An Act for discharging the Corporation oF the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money todischarge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for afcfcrtaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level5 and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Cropland,

An Act for improving and preserving the Navigation from Salter's Load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, to Standground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon; and from Floods Ferry, in the lfle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load', in the said County of Huntingdoni and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of NorfolkI to the River Nene, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the said County of Huntingdon.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry, and for repairing the Highways, and paving and cleansing the Streets in the said Parishes.

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, vended or sold, v/ithin the Town and Barony of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan; and also a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town; for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by An Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Fecken* ham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester through Great Cough ton and Crabbs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Bur cot t to the Cross of Hands on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutncll, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for opening, making, widening, and keeping, in Repair, a Road from Rat cliffe Highway, through Cannon-Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable-Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into The Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Mavtyris Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town, and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of LAcester.

An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall.

An Act to enable William Lord Cavendish of Hardwyck,

to take, in England, the Oath of Office of high Treasurer of Ireland; and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

An Act for Sale of a capital Messuage in Lincolns-Inn Fields, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and the Garden Ground and Out-houses thereunto belonging (Part of the Estate of the most Noble Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased) and vest> ing the same in Edmund Browne, of Lincolns-Inn, Esquire, and his Heirs for ever; and for laying out the Purchaso money in Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, and upon the likeTrufts, as the said capital Messuage and Premises are now settled and subject: unto.

An Act for vesting the Manor of Hendon, settled on the Marriage of the Earl and Countess of Powis on them and their IlTue, in Trustees, to be folcrowards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of William late Marquis of Powis; and for settling the Barony and Lordship of Powis, in the County of Montgomery, in lieu thereof; and fof other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Conveyance in Fee Farm, made by Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, of the % Manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and divers Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County o{Kerry, and making the same Conveyance effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, contrafted to be sold by Hugh late Earl Clinton in his Life-time, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several Purchasers thereof, pursuant to their Contrafts.

An Act for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber (landing and growing upon the Estate of Inheritance of Thomas James Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cafhels in the Kingdom of Ireland, an Infant, in order to raise Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein menrioned.

An Act to enable Charles Fitz~Roy Scudamore Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Curficor or Clerk, or Ingrosser of original Writs issuing out of his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

An Act for vesting the Estate of George Pitt Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, and Part of his Estate in the lfle of Purbeck, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to apply the Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances affecting his settled Estate, and for making a Recompence to him for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate.

An Act for vesting the undivided Sixth Part of Robert Colebrooke Esquire of and in the Manor of Goldftone, and divers Lands, in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to enable them to make such Conveyances thereof as shall be necessary for effecting a Partition agreed upon between the said Robert Colebrooke, and the Owners of the other undivided Parts of the same Manor and Premises.

An Act for impowering Ann Speke, an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grams of her Estates in the County of Somerset, during her Minority; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for Sale of the settled Estates of Sir Theophilus Biddulph Baronet, in the County of Stafford, and City and County of the City of Litchfield, for raffing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir isaac Lawrence Woollafton Baronet, an Infant, lituate in the Jfle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting the Estates of John Powell Pryce, Esquire, in the County of Montgomery, comprised in his Marriage Articles, in Trustees, to railc Money by Sale 10 of

27 Geo. II.

*?oBiU|R?nt ^art ^or discharging Incumbrances affecting

the fame, and for settling other Part thereof pursuant to the said Articles.

An Act for vesting a Lease, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to Am Tenifon Widow, deceased, of the Manor of Elverton, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Kent, in Peter Saint Eloy and Samuel Smithy inTruft for Thomas Tenifon an Infanr, and his Heirs $ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for Sale of Parc of the settled Estates of Robert Barber Esquire, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances j and for impowering him to fell and exchange other Parts of his settled Estates for the purchasing and acquiring other Lands of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof.

An Act for exempting and exonerating the Estates, devised by the Will of H'illiam Hudle'ton Esquire,deceased, to be sold, from the Jointure on Gertrude Rigby, Wife of Townley Rigby Esquire; and for charging an Annuity or Kent Charge of equal Value on the Estates entailed by the said Will; and more effectually to enable the Trustees of the said // illiam Iludlcston to execute the Trusts repofedin them by the said Will.

An Act forcftablirtiing, and rendering effectual several Settlements and Agreements made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, Esquire, deceased, for making a Provision for his Mother and Wife, and their Children respectively.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Charles Daly Esquire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees to be sold for the Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame, prior to his Marriage Settlement.

An Act to distoive the Marriage of Charles IVymondefold Esquire, with Henrietta Knight his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Henley Esquire, with Susannah Roberts his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Maydwell, with Catherine Perrin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for naturalizing Mary Noguier, Widow; and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the Estate devised by the Will of John Noguier her Husband, to make a Provision for Anthony Noguier her only Son and Heir.

An Act for naturalizing Charles Shreiber, and Jean Francois Maximillien de Cerjat.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

IOI9

My Lords, and Gentlemen*

Nothing could have given me greater Satisfaction The King’* at this time, than the Unanimity and Dispatch, with Speech, which you have gone through the Business of this Session:

Though no particular Point of extraordinary Moment hath offered itself to your Consideration, yet you have shewn the most attentive Regard to every Branch of the publick Service. As to foreign Affairs I shall say nothing at present; except, that it is my fixed Resolution to do every thing in my power to maintain the general Tranquillity, and to adhere to such Measures for that Purpose, as 1 have hitherto pursued in Conjunction with the Powers in Alliance with me.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my hearty Thanks for the Supplies which you have so chearfully granted; and which are the more acceptable to me, as they have brought no new Burthen upon my good Subjects.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Time draws near when the present Parliament mud determine by Law, and it is my Intention very speedily to call a new one; but it would be unjust to this, not to give It a publick Testimony of my Approbation. The many eminent Proofs which you have given of your Duty and Affection to my Person and Government, of your Zeal for this excellent Constitution, and for the Security of the present Establishment, can never be forgotten by me.

By your vigorous Assistance, under the Protection of the Divine Providence, I was enabled to put an End to an expensive, though neceflaryWar,byan honourable Peace; which you have greatly contributed to preserve, by readily and uniformly supporting my Measures. You have gone further, and whilst the Difficulties arising from the War were scarce over, seized the first Opportunity to per-fest one of the greatest Works of Peace, by concurring in the most proper Means for a gradual Decrease of the National Debt, and at the same time raising the Publick Credit. You have also, by several new Laws, laid a Foundation to strengthen and advance the Trade and Commerce of my Kingdoms. Such a Series of wife and Ready Conduct cannot fail to recommend you to the Good-will and Esteem of your Fellow Subjects, as well as mine. For my own Part, I securely rely upon the Loyalty and good Affections of my People, and have no other Aim but their lading Happiness.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said j

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the 25th Day of this instant April, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 25th Day of this instant April.

6° Aprilis.

V01.. ?-6.

INDEX

